====================scr00101.kgo====================
Today's finally my first day! This is the hospital I work in. It's about a five minute walk from the dorm. Yurigahama General Hospital. It has departments of surgery, internal medicine, and long-term treatment. I'm in the internal medicine department. I've taken care of patients before in nursing school, but nursing while studying as a student and nursing while getting paid for it as a professional are totally different. I've got to do my best! Your every decision and action can drastically affect the lives of your patients and their families. That's what my nursing teacher would always say... It's only been two weeks since graduation, yet school feels so distant somehow. I sure met a lot of people at school... I wonder what kind of people I'll meet here?
???: "Boo!"
Kaori: "Eeep?!"
I'm so surprised I fall right on my butt.
???: "Ahaha, you haven't changed a bit!"
Kaori: "Wh-Wh-What? What's the big idea?!"
The person who surprised me from behind is holding her belly as she guffaws at me. Hey......Don't I know her? Could it be...!
Kaori: "N-Nagisa! Senpai!"
Nagisa Fujisawa...?! We were both on the student council in high school!
Nagisa: "It's been a while, Sawai!"
Kaori: "Oh my god! Is it really you, Senpai?!"
Nagisa: "Talk about your tearful reunions. Aren't you overreacting a bit, Sawai?"
The way she's laid-back and flippant, but without any maliciousness in her laughter... it's definitely Nagisa! I haven't seen Senpai since... the day she graduated high school, have I? Oh my god, this really brings me back!
Nagisa: "So tearful reunion aside, why're you wearing your uniform out here?"
Kaori: "Huh? Isn't that...normal?"
Nagisa: "New employees are supposed to go to the administrative office, get the key to their changing room locker, then change and go to their post... Didn't they tell you that?"
Kaori: "Wh..."
My eyes go wide. I hadn't heard a word of that... All I'd been told was my ward and the date of my first day...
Nagisa: "Really? Well, sometimes our Chief is a little forgetful. She must have forgotten to let you know."
Kaori: "O-Oh...I guess so."
The nurse dorm I moved into is pretty close to the hospital, so I thought we just changed at home and went to work... Though when I think about it, I did get some looks on the way over here. That's...a little embarrassing... Wait, is it just me, or does Senpai seem a little too informed about the hospital? And come to think of it, she went to a nursing school in Tokyo after she graduated, right...? Does that mean...?
Kaori: "Hey, Nagisa, when you graduated nursing school..."
Nagisa: "You got it. I've been in the internal medicine ward here since last year."
Kaori: "Not as a patient, right?"
Nagisa: "Hmph!"
Kaori: "Ack!"
Nagisa: "Obviously not! I'll have you know I'm a certified nurse!"
Urgh... Senpai hasn't changed at all. I'm a little glad to see she still flicks me on the forehead with the same strength as she did in high school. She did that whenever she was ticked off at me. It all feels like it was so long ago...
Nagisa: "*Giggle* It's been a while since I've flicked your forehead like this."
Kaori: "I was just thinking the same thing!"
Nagisa: "Then we're totally on the same page! I think we'll make a good pair again!"
A good pair, huh... Thinking back on it, we went through a lot together back in high school. My memories with Senpai always involve the student council. She was the student council president, and I always looked up to her. I just happened to join the council, but when I did, I started to love her more and more. I gave it my all to help Senpai out back then. But somehow I feel like my memories of doing well have been overshadowed by the times I'd made mistakes and ended up on the receiving end of Senpai's weird looks. Like the time we were tallying votes, and I sneezed and mixed up the ballots we'd just separated. Or the time we were having a serious meeting and my stomach growled really loudly, ruining the tension. Every time, she'd go "hmph!"
 and flick me on the forehead. Sometimes, she'd even ready her finger and delay her attack. I'd close my eyes, anticipating the flick, but when the pain didn't come and I timidly opened my eyes......and she'd get me right then....That always stung, though Senpai always laughed it off. "You shouldn't drop your guard!"
Wow, what vivid memories… But boy, my forehead's throbbing... Is it because it's been so long? Or maybe...
Kaori: "I don't think your flicks were this strong back in high school, Senpai!"
Nagisa: "Hm, I wonder about that."
Kaori: "Yeah, my forehead's still pounding."
Nagisa: "Oh, that has to be because all of the love that's been building up since I haven't seen you....Yep, gotta be the love."
Kaori: "If that's your idea of love, I'd hate to be your enemy."
Nagisa: "Hah! When'd you get so mouthy, Sawai?"
Nagisa: "Mouthy girls get punished!"
Kaori: "Eep!"
Senpai slides around behind me and tickles my sides.
Kaori: "Aha, aha, ahahaha...! Nagisa, qu-quit it! C-Cut it out...!"
Nagisa: "*Giggle* I'll stop if you say, ‘I'm sorry, Senpai.’"
Kaori: "Wh-Why do I have to be the one who apologizes...? Ahaha!"
Nagisa: "Well, I've always said mouthy girls get punished, haven't I?"
Kaori: "Th-This is the first I've heard of it...! Ahh, I give up, I give up!"
Kaori: "You're going to kill me my first day on the job! Ahaha!"
Nagisa: "Ah--!"
Nagisa instantly pops away from me and looks at her watch.
Nagisa: "Nooo! Look at the time!"
Kaori: "Huh?!"
Nagisa: "I let the nostalgia keep me way too long! The Chief's really going to let me have it if I'm late!"
Nagisa: "We'll finish this later! I need to get to the changing room -- see you!"
Kaori: "Huh?! O-Oh, okay!"
Nagisa waves and rushes off.
Kaori: "..."
...Huh? I find myself left alone on the spot....Um. First of all, where do I even go?
Kaori: "...Um...what now?"
I decide to just go inside, for starters.
====================scr00102.kgo====================
I thought I'd be able to figure things out once I got inside the hospital, but I was totally wrong. First, the receptionists notice me when I step inside, but they give me a suspicious look. So much...stink eye...! Why are they looking at me like that? ...Urgh, they're looking at me and whispering something to each other... I listen in closely and pick up their conversation. "I've never seen her before. Who is she?"
"Why's someone who's not on our staff wandering around in our uniform...?"
Kaori: "!"
Ohhh! They're giving me weird looks because they don't know I'm a new nurse here! That's understandable!
Kaori: "Er... my name is Sawai, and I'm a nurse here starting today..."
When I ask where the internal medicine department is, I get another unbearably weird look. Uh oh...I've got a bad feeling about this... Then, someone with a name tag with ‘administrator’ plods out from the back room. With a soft smile, he explains all sorts of things I didn't understand. According to him, the first floor of the hospital is for outpatients, while the second floor is for surgery, the third floor is for internal medicine, and the long-term care ward is in a separate building. So I'm to work at the internal medicine department on the third floor, then!
Kaori: "Thanks for letting me know!"
After bowing my head in gratitude, I rush up the stairs to the third floor. I definitely can't afford to be late on my first day! ...However.
Kaori: "......"
Can I just barge into the nurses station? I keep trying to take my first step inside, but hesitate every time....I can go in, right? But I'm probably not an official employee yet, and the receptionists gave me weird looks... I'll likely get some perplexed glares if I burst in. I just wish Senpai would show up...
???: "Say, would you happen to be Kaori Sawai?"
Kaori: "Oh, yes!"
I scramble to turn around when I hear someone call me from behind and see a woman in a nurse's uniform.
???: "Oh, my, you didn't visit the administrative office?"
Kaori: "The...huh...?"
Oh! Oh yeah! "New employees are supposed to go to the administrative office, get the key to their changing room locker, then change and go to their post... Didn't they tell you that?"
Senpai did tell me to go to the administrative office! The woman in white is giggling....What do I do...?
???: "Otsuka's fantastic at her job, but she does slip up on occasion... Not that I can complain, since I have her do everything!"
Otsuka? Slip up on occasion? What's she talking about...?
Kaori: "Um...I heard I was supposed to be assigned to the department of internal medicine... Am I in the right place?"
???: "Oh, sorry about that. Yes, you're in the right place."
She shows me where I need to go with a smile, all but pushing me into nursing office.
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "I'm Tokiwa, head nurse of the department of internal medicine. Welcome to internal medicine!"
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "Good morning, everyone."
???: "Good morning!"
The nurses inside all turn their eyes on me.
Kaori: "!!"
My heart beats so loudly I can hear it. What am I going to do? But...I'll be all right. These are all going to be my coworkers from now on. Everything will be all right. No one's going to hurt me. It's going to be okay...
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "Are we all here?"
See? Totally fine. My heart isn't racing anymore. I was just a little surprised, that's all.
???: "The Chief's taking a while."
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "Oh, it looks like we just missed each other, then. This new nurse hasn't gone to the admin office, you see."
???: "Just missed each other? Are ya sure you know how to tell time, boss?"
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "Harsh as always, Yamanouchi. Well, assuming that Otsuka's coming later, I'll introduce everyone here."
Yamanouchi: "Cold, boss, cold! I'll go phone the office."
The other nurses all giggle.
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "That's Yasuko Yamanouchi. Quick to throw in a jab when something goes wrong, but you won't find a more considerate person anywhere."
Yamanouchi waves at me as she talks on the phone.
Yasuko: "Ah, hey! Is this the admin office? This is Yamanouchi from internal medicine. Can ya ask our Chief to come on back?"
Was that a hint of Kansai I heard...? Maybe she's from there? She seems pretty friendly, though, and I'm relieved to see that. I mean, if one of my coworkers was a bully or something, I'd have a hard time staying positive.
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "The two sitting over there are Takada and Fuji. They've just gotten off the night shift."
The night shifters bow politely to me, so I quickly bow in response. Er...which one is Takada, and which one is Fuji? I'd better ask later to make sure I don't do something rude. How do you even figure that out when people are introduced at the same time, anyway?
Kaori: "I-I'm Kaori Sawai. This is my first day here. Looking forward to working wiff you."
Ah, I garbled my words!
Yasuko: "Looking forward to working ‘wiff’ you, too."
Yamanouchi grins as she hangs up the phone.
Kaori: "...!"
Sh-She's teasing me! And all I did was misspeak a little! D-Did I blow it?! Oh, no, my hands are shaking...! My legs, too. I've got to calm down...
Kaori: "..."
I place my hands on top of each other and gently press them against my chest. My pounding heart calms down in a few moments. This is a little spell of mine. It's not scientific at all, but when I do this, I always calm down for some reason....It's as if it puts up a membrane around me, between myself and reality.
Kaori: "..."
All right. I'm fine.
???: "I'm sorry, I'm late!"
Someone dashes into the nurses station. When I look over in surprise, I see...
Kaori: "N-Nagisa Senpai?!"
Why now?! Is she late?
Nagisa: "W-Wait, Sawai, you're already here?! I figured you'd be lost on the first floor, so I went looking for you!"
Kaori: "S-Sorry!"
...Senpai's late because she was searching for me... I think I might've done something bad.
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "Oh my, you know each other?"
Kaori: "Yes, we went to high school together."
Senpai... really is a nurse here... I...I actually get to work with her again.
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "Well, that saves us time on introductions."
The head nurse chuckles. It feels like I keep getting laughed at today.
???: "I'm back."
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "And this is our chief nurse, Hatsumi Otsuka."
The Chief looks at me. Her dignified expression renders me speechless.
Kaori: "Er..."
Hm? Hey...my heart's pounding again... I'm not usually like this... What's going on with me?
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "I'm not in the ward too much, so Chief Otsuka here's the real one in charge. Talk to her if you have any issues."
Why's my heart pounding like this...?
Kaori: "I-I will."
Come on...quiet down!
Kaori: "Um... Hatsumi...Otsuka...S-Sis..."
The moment I say that, I snap back to my senses. My mind is clear again. It looks like my spell had worn off. Everyone's giggling......and my cheeks catch fire.
Yasuko: "Isn't that nice, Chief. You've got such a cute sister on your hands now!"
Hatsumi: "..."
Wh-What do I do...? The Chief is giving me a totally blank look! She's terrifying! ...But why in the world did I call her "sis,"
anyway?!
Hatsumi: "Why did you call me ‘sis’?"
Uwah! I don't know!  I'm not sure... It just came out...
Kaori: "I-I'm not sure... It was just...unconscious..."
Hatsumi: "Unconscious, you say?"
Yasuko: "Ah, that'll happen sometimes. You just let something slip, and bam -- all that's waitin' is shame."
Y-You don't have to say it so bluntly...
Nagisa: "Ah, I think I've done that before. I remember calling my teacher mom and getting laughed at... back in elementary school."
Back in...elementary school...? Senpai, was that on purpose? We haven't seen each other in forever, and she's being mean to me... Urgh...
Kaori: "It just...came out..."
Hatsumi: "It...just came out, did it."
Hatsumi: "As nurses, we're in charge of people's lives. Even if it's unconscious, an irresponsible statement can worry your patients. Do be careful."
Kaori: "R-Right... Whoops..."
Hatsumi: "Don't you mean ‘I'm sorry'? Don't be so casual with your superiors An 'I apologize' would be even better. You'll be nothing but trouble if you keep acting like you’re still a student."
Yasuko: "Whoa, Chief, harsh. Not saying you're wrong, but the girl's still new."
Kaori: "...I-I...apologize..."
W-Wait...am I being bullied at work? I want to cry...
Nagisa: "She's probably mad you had her walking all over the place. Don't worry about it, okay?"
Kaori: "O-Okay..."
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "Well, that's enough chatter for now. Sorry for the wait, night shift."
Hatsumi: "...Ahem. Let's begin the morning reports for April 1st. Nice to see you all this morning, everyone."
Wait, we're starting work already?! Everyone's got their work faces on, too! Talk about an abrupt change in the atmosphere!
Hatsumi: "Before we get started, actually -- today is Kaori Sawai's first day on the job. She's fresh out of nursing school, so help her however you can."
Yasuko: "Sure thing! We love newbies around here. Pick up your duties fast and take the load off of us, would you?"
Yasuko: "And don't go quittin', neither."
She makes a finger gun and pretends to shoot me. I'm...I'm glad they're welcoming me...
Kaori: "I-I'll do my best."
Hatsumi: "And that's all for your introduction. Do work every bit as hard as you say you will."
Everyone in the station giggles at our Chief's smooth statement. C...Can I really pull off my best...? I mean... what should I even do? Should I just sort of space out and listen to what the other nurses tell me?
Hatsumi: "All right, let's hear the night shift report."
The night shift nurses nod.
Nurse A: "I'll begin. Miss Wakamoto in 310 came back from her time away last night."
Nurse A: "That said, we have 12 Stretchers, 7 Escorts, 6 Walkers, and 5 Empties for a total of 30."
Huh? Huh? Stretchers? Empties? I have no idea what she's talking about!
Nurse A: "I'll start from the severe cases. Last night, 301, Amino, parasomnic disturbance. Administered doctor-ordered sedatives."
Huh? What? Wh-What's she talking about?!
Hatsumi: "I'll explain later. Keep quiet and listen for now."
The Chief whispers that to me, apparently having picked up on my panic.
Kaori: "O-Oh, oops."

Hatsumi: "You mean ‘I'm sorry.’"
Kaori: "R-Right. I'll be more careful next time."
Hatsumi: "...Good answer."

Hatsumi: "I told you to say ‘I'm sorry,' didn't I? Don’t make me tell you more than once."
Kaori: "S-S-Sor...I'm sorry..."
Hatsumi: "You've got a ways to go..."
For some reason, the Chief's voice calms me down. That's despite the fact that she was scolding me. It's the strangest thing...
Nurse A: "She then slept soundly until morning. This morning's blood pressure was 132/78. She doesn't remember anything about yesterday evening."
Yasuko: "Ahaha, again?"
A...Again? I shoot Senpai a glance. She'd pulled out a notebook at some point, and now she's furiously jotting down what the night nurses are saying. The night nurses go on stating the patients' names and room numbers, then explaining how they were through the night. I glance over at Yamanouchi to see her writing on a clipboard, too. I can see that. I don't think you could remember everything after hearing it once. I've got to take notes too, starting tomorrow! ...Though it'd probably help if I understood what the night nurses were saying. The Chief is going to pitch in and explain things to me later, but...I'm worried I might not actually understand any of it.
Nurse A: "No developments with Miss Wakamoto in 310, and no developments with Mr. Ryukaku in 312. That is all."
Hatsumi: "And that will be the end of the morning reports. Good job, everyone."
The night nurses thank everyone, pick up their bags from the back, and all head out of the nurses station. It looks like they're heading home....It's kind of interesting to see a mix of people who are about to start work and people who are going home. Yamanouchi and Senpai, however, put down their notes and leave the nurses station. Huh? Where are they going?
Hatsumi: "Sawai, what are you spacing out for? Come over here."
The Chief has already moved in front of the desk, and she's beckoning me over. There's a sheet of white glass laid out in front of the desk, and it has a single x-ray scan on it.
Kaori: "O-Oh, I'm sorry."
I hurry over to the Chief.
====================scr00103.kgo====================
Hatsumi: "Now, I'd like to show you around the ward since this is your first day, but..."
Hatsumi: "Do you need to be shown around?"
Do I need to be shown around the ward...?  No thanks. I'd appreciate it.
Kaori: "Oh...no thanks."
Hatsumi: "Very well. In that case, go meet up with Yamanouchi and the others and start changing diapers."
Oh, so that's where Senpai went... to change diapers.
Hatsumi: "If you need to be taught how to do it, ask Yamanouchi or Fujisawa."
Kaori: "Understood."
Hatsumi: "Come back to the nurses station when you're done. We'll go straight to the administrative office."
Oh yeah, I didn't actually go to the administrative office...
Kaori: "I'm sorry."
Hatsumi: "It's nothing for you to apologize for. It's my fault for not letting you know beforehand to go to the main office."
The Chief chuckles to herself a little. That's...unexpected. The Chief has a lovely smile.
Hatsumi: "Now, get going. The clock's always ticking."
Kaori: "I will!"
Kaori: "Oh, I'd appreciate that!"
Hatsumi: "All right. I assume you've heard from the receptionist how the hospital is structured?"
Kaori: "I have. The first floor is for outpatients, and the second floor and above are the medical wards."
Hatsumi: "There's a changing room in the corner of the hospital, so that is where you will be changing in from tomorrow."
Oh. Come to think of it, I came in my uniform today...
Kaori: "O-Oh...right, sorry."
I bow my head, but the Chief shakes hers.
Hatsumi: "It's fine, you don't need to apologize for anything. I hadn't let you know, so the fault lies with me."
Hatsumi: "I'm sorry for embarrassing you like that. Honestly, I am."
Kaori: "Y-You don't have to...!"
Seeing her bow her head is only making me feel even more nervous!
Kaori: "Y-You really don't have to worry about me! So, what else should I know...?"
After her eyes widen a little, the Chief chuckles.
Hatsumi: "The first room we need to pay attention to is the examination room on the first floor. That's where we get our blood and urine sample data from."
Hatsumi: "The X-ray room is in the basement. MRI and CT scanners, too. We keep the film in the X-ray room."
Hatsumi: "We also go to CM next to the surgery room on the second floor often..."
Wait, wasn't the second floor the surgical ward...? And what was that she just said?
Kaori: "CM?"
Hatsumi: "The central materials room, or CM for short. We sterilize what needs sterilizing here, so if you run out of supplies, go get more there. "
I'm not entirely sure what she's saying, but I nod for now.
Kaori: "...Got it."
Hatsumi: "......"
Wait, she sighed at me?
Hatsumi: "If there's something you don't understand, ask."
Ahh! How did she know?!
Hatsumi: "...You're quite easy to read."
Ahh, she laughed at me again.
Hatsumi: "...They taught you about medical hygiene in school, didn't they? They might not be as numerous as the surgical ward, but there's a lot in internal medicine that calls for disinfection."
Hatsumi: "For example, if we had a patient who sustained an injury after a fall or developed bedsores -- and what a shame it would be on our name as nurses for our patients to get bedsores --"
Hatsumi: "we would use sterile tweezers and gauze to tend to them."
Medical tweezers are a bit bigger than normal ones, by the way. My teacher back in nursing school used these tweezers like they we were extensions of her fingers, if I remember right.
Hatsumi: "We'll cover the wards next. The internal medicine department has ten rooms, from 301 to 312."
Kaori: "Wait, ten rooms?"
Ten rooms, even though they're from 1 to 12?
Hatsumi: "Wards generally skip the numbers 4 and 9. No one wants that kind of bad luck."
She has a point... So, basically, there's no room 304 or 309, then.
Hatsumi: "I'll show you around the wards. Come with me."
Hatsumi: "Room 301 next to the nurse station is what we call the intensive care room. It's the room with the electro-cardiograms, and people with late stage diseases who aren't in DNR territory yet."
Kaori: "D...N...R?"
Hatsumi: "It's an abbreviation for ‘do not resuscitate.’ Those who are in the later stages of their illnesses need resuscitation, so we keep them here."
Th-That's pretty intense...
Hatsumi: "It's close to the nurses station, and you can make out the patients a bit behind their curtains, so there shouldn't be much to worry about."
Kaori: "......"
...I think there's quite a bit to worry about... I mean, what if a patient's condition takes a worse turn when I'm the only one around...?
Hatsumi: "......"
Hatsumi: "Don't worry. No one's going to assign a new nurse to the intensive care room right off the bat."
Kaori: "O-Oh, really?"
That's a relief. I wonder if the Chief picked up on my fear and was being nice? Maybe she's actually...kind...?
Hatsumi: "On this side of the corridor across from the elevator are rooms 310 to 312. They're single rooms."
Hatsumi: "Single and double rooms charge extra for the beds, with one day costing an extra ten or thirty thousand yen, so watch out when there's new arrivals."
Kaori: "W-Watch out...?"
Hatsumi: "People who have money to use on things other than their treatment pose a lot of...challenges."
Kaori: "Challenges?"
Hatsumi: "They won't just expect you to be a good and knowledgeable nurse, no. They'll demand perfect service. And that's... a little out of your depth, for now."
So that basically means they'll be watching my attitude and how I talk and carry myself? And all those tiny details?
Hatsumi: "The patient in room 310 in the back is particularly difficult, so you don't have to deal with going there."
Oh, I don't?
Hatsumi: "Additionally, putting someone in a room where the beds cost extra causes trouble around discharge time, so be careful."
...Trouble...? That's kind of scary... Am I really going to be all right here?
Yasuko: "Hey, coming through!"
Kaori: "Eep?!"
Kaori: "..."
Wh-Who was that...? Yamanouchi, right?
Hatsumi: "......Are you all right?"
Kaori: "O-Oh, I'm fine. She didn't bump into me."
Hatsumi: "......"
The Chief has her eyes squarely on me. Did I make a weird face? Or did I say something strange?
Hatsumi: "Next up is 302 to 308, on both sides of the hall. 302, 307, and 308 are doubles. 303 to 306 each house six people."
The Chief continues explaining as if nothing happened....Wait, did I just imagine that?
Hatsumi: "The bathroom is in between rooms 303 and 305. There are staff bathrooms in the basement and the second floor, but if those are too far, go ahead and use this one."
Kaori: "Got it."
Hatsumi: "......"
The Chief is looking right at me again. I wonder why?
Hatsumi: "The emergency exits are on both ends of the corridor. I'll have you bring in new patients before long, so make sure you tell them, all right?"
Kaori: "I will."
Hatsumi: "The emergency exits are usually locked, and the security alarm will go off when you open them, so don't touch them unless it's actually an emergency."
Kaori: "All right."
Hatsumi: "......"
And she's...staring at me again... That look is kind of...unsettling.
Hatsumi: "You're quite earnest."
Kaori: "Hwah?"
W-Wait, that sounded weird. The Chief giggles at me.
Hatsumi: "Perhaps too earnest. That'll make you a perfect target for our Yamanouchi."
Too earnest...? A perfect target...?
Hatsumi: "...It really is easy to tell what you're thinking. Do you have a lot of friends?"
She laughed at me...! Or was that a compliment?
Kaori: "Friends? Well, I have enough..."
Hatsumi: "Enough, huh. Well, you seemed close to Fujiwara, and it's good to have plenty of friends."
Hatsumi: "You can turn to your friends to talk about things you can't with your seniors and bosses, too. I'm glad Fujiwara is there for you."
Kaori: "Oh, er...right."
It sounds like she's in my inner circle, for some reason. Or more like she's a relative that's slightly older than me, you could say?
Hatsumi: "An earnest answer, and just what a new nurse should say."
Hatsumi: "Lastly, we'll talk about the nurses station itself."
Hatsumi: "We fill up IV bags and prepare medicine in this workspace."
Hatsumi: "The emergency cart is placed here. We take the cart to the patient's bedside during emergencies and administer aid right there."
Hatsumi: "Make sure you resupply the medicine whenever you use it....Oh, and we won't use the emergency cart too much."
Kaori: "Got it."
Hatsumi: "This is where we eat and take breaks. You can nap here during the night shift, too. We put blankets on the sofa and sleep in shifts."
Kaori: "You can sleep during the night shift?"
Hatsumi: "There are seventeen hours of work time during a night shift, so it's arranged for us to be allotted two hour naps....There's no time to nap when it gets busy, though."
Hatsumi: "Some nurses take off their makeup as soon as the night shift starts and put it back on before the day shifters come in."
Hatsumi: "......"
The Chief is staring at me. She reaches out and holds up my chin.
Kaori: "Hwah?"
She peers at my face, taking a good look.
Hatsumi: "Put on at least a little makeup."
She's REALLY up close and personal!
Hatsumi: "The youthful look is fine, but part of being a grown woman is knowing how to do your makeup."
My cheeks are burning... This is kind of embarrassing...
Kaori: "Ruh-right..."
The Chief's fingers recede. That...certainly got my heart pounding. But...hmm. A grown woman, huh... For some reason, it doesn't quite resonate with me.
???: "Hey, Chief! Getting awful touchy with the newbie, aren't we!"
Kaori: "H-Hwah?!"
Yasuko: "Holding her chin up like that... When did you turn into a storybook prince?"
Hatsumi: "...Hey, Yamanouchi..."
Yasuko: "Oh-hoh, look out, newbie! The Chief's gonna eat you up!"
Kaori: "E-Eat me up?!"
Hatsumi: "...*Sigh*..."
Hatsumi: "Anyway, what were you running in the hall for earlier?"
Yasuko: "Oh, that. Well, Fujimoto in 301 had some water diarrhea, so I went to go get some diapers."
Yasuko: "I thought it would drip on the floor!"
Kaori: "W-Wait, what?!"
Hatsumi: "Understandable. It was an emergency."
Huh?!
Yasuko: "Fujisawa was cryin' while she held him up, so I figured I had to get back real fast."
Kaori: "..."
That...that sure is something...
Yasuko: "Anyway, Nurse Yamanouchi, reporting back to IV duty!"
Hatsumi: "As you will."
Kaori: "..."
Hatsumi: "Back in the day, we'd take off our nurse caps and makeup to get into night shift mode..."
Whoa, it's like Yamanouchi never showed up! Is the Chief actually kind of...out there?
Hatsumi: "...but now, the only item we have to switch between day shift mode and night shift mode is our makeup."
Kaori: "Switching between modes...?"
I put my hand to my head. I wore a nurse cap during the capping ceremony in nursing school, but we didn't actually wear caps during practical lessons. And I'd thought I'd get to wear the cap if I became an actual nurse, but...
Kaori: "Speaking of nurse caps... I thought everyone wore them back in the day, but do we not do that anymore?"
To real nurses, it might have been a simple accessory they took on and off between the day and night shifts, but to us nursing students, it was something we aspired to wear.
Hatsumi: "Plenty of hospitals have abolished nurse caps because they can spread infections. We're one of them."
Hatsumi: "Nurses had been complaining about them, too. IV routes would get caught in them, or they'd get in the way when trying to hold down a thrashing patient... They had a host of problems."
Hatsumi: "But others have said that that when they gave them up, fallen hairs and a dry scalp made bacterial infections even worse."
Hatsumi: "So it's a pro and con situation. I was pretty fond of them, though."
Kaori: "I was kind of looking forward to wearing a cap, too..."
Hatsumi: "Nowadays, you'll only see them in tiny rural hospitals... or old dramas or pornos."
Kaori: "!!!"
P-P-Pornos?! That's not what I expected to hear from the straight-laced Chief!
Hatsumi: "......"
Hatsumi: "You really are an open book."
Uwahh! She laughed at me again!
Hatsumi: "Now we need to go over the terms. It's a bit much to go over standing up, so let's go back to the nurses station."
Kaori: "So, um, what's a S-Stretcher? And an Escort? It's not...that kind of Escort, right?"
Hatsumi: "......"
Hatsumi: "Do you plan on discussing such vulgar topics in front of our patients?"
Kaori: "I-I would never do that!"
Kaori: "I got some sensitivity training back in school and took lots of notes!"
Hatsumi: "...You seriously are fun to watch. I was kidding."
A joke?! Ahh, I fell for it!
Hatsumi: "That aside, Stretchers and Escorts are how we talk about assisted movement."
Kaori: "Assisted movement?"
Hatsumi: "Stretchers are people who can't move on their own, so they'll need actual stretchers."
Hatsumi: "Escorts are people who can move by themselves, but need some aid. Patients in wheelchairs fit this bill."
Hatsumi: "Walkers can walk on their own. They don't need to be kept in bed too much, either."
Hatsumi: "If an emergency happens, we use these categories to decide our priorities."
Hatsumi: "If, say, a fire happens, we have all the Walkers run off on their own and get the Escorts in their wheelchairs."
Hatsumi: "Then we have the wheelchair-bound patients escape while we carry out the Stretchers on, well, stretchers."
Kaori: "Ohh, I see..."
Good point. It's not like hospitals are immune to disaster. So that's how we prepare for that...
Hatsumi: "Empties refer to empty beds. We put that up with the total to let the nurses on the next shift know there's no change in the amount of patients."
Kaori: "Oh, really...?"
I still don't quite get it.
Hatsumi: "You'll get used to it with time, so don't worry about getting it all on your first day."
Kaori: "O-Okay..."
It's so strange... It's almost like the Chief knows what I'm thinking. Am I just that easy to read?
Hatsumi: "Is there anything else you don't understand, or any questions?"
Kaori: "None..."
Hatsumi: "All right. Well, if there's anything you need to know, grab someone nearby and ask."
Kaori: "I will..."
Hatsumi: "My, look at the time. I'll be going to the administrator's office, so come with me."
Kaori: "C-Coming...!"
====================scr00104.kgo====================
Kaori: "Ahhh, I'm so beat!"
I dive into bed the second I get into my room! It's so nice and soft... Maybe it's just because it was my first day, but I'm just so...beat. My energy's dropped to zero. Oh, but I can't just go to sleep like this... I drag myself up, for starters. Then, I change into my pajamas and vacantly sit down. So, the Chief brought me to the administrator's office......but I had no idea there would be so many documents to fill out! And no one told me it would take all morning and some of the afternoon! What's worse, the Chief just left me at the office. She said she had work to tend to and cruised right back out. The administrator was nice enough to let me go back to our floor when lunchtime came around, but......I had no idea where the staff cafeteria was, and I hadn't brought any lunch, either. Someone let me know that there's no cafeteria, and when I looked for the hospital shop to buy lunch, there wasn't one of those, either! I knew that there was a convenience store about fifteen minutes away from the hospital, but going out there was the last thing I wanted to do. I felt like I couldn't go out shopping in my nurse uniform. So then, I could change to my regular clothes in the changing room, take a thirty minute round trip, and change again... Would I go outside for lunch, or stay in the hospital and skip it? It was the ultimate choice. And as the tears welled up, Senpai said she would give me some of her lunch, but...
Yasuko: "Well, this was all the Chief's fault. She didn't tell you a thing about the changing room or the admin office, either."
Hatsumi: "...Well, you have a point. I'll get you some delivery."
Nagisa: "...Wait, Sawai gets to have delivery? I want to order food, too!"
Hatsumi: "......"
Nagisa: "...Ah...sorry. I'll just eat the lunch I brought."
Yasuko: "Pushing your luck with the Chief..."
So I had delivery sushi for lunch. But I was so nervous about getting treated to sushi by the Chief on my very first day that I don't feel like I ate a thing... And when lunch ended, the Chief had to get back to work, so I ended up going back to the admin office by myself. Then when I went back, I needed to hand over my seal and bank book to set up paycheck deposits, and since no one had told me anything, I had to go back to the dorm to get them.
Kaori: "...Huh?"
Wait, did someone just knock at the door...? But who? I've heard that this condo has been rented out by the hospital for the employees, basically making it a dormitory. So who would come visit me on my first day on the job? Family, maybe? Well, no, it's a little too early for my parents or sister to come visit. W-Wait, could it be a ghost?!
Kaori: "...No way."
Ghosts. Come on, that's completely unscientific. Plenty of people die in a hospital, so you really can't avoid ghost stories, but a ghost wouldn't actually have any business in the hospital dorm, right...? Wait, what am I even thinking?! That's super unrealistic! It would never happen! I'm just being overly nervous about my first day on my first job. That must be it. All this nervousness is making my brain go haywire, giving me hallucinations I can see and hear...
Kaori: "O-Oh no..."
I can hear something! I can totally hear something! Wh-What am I going to do?! This is way too scary, with me by myself!
???: "Hey, come on, open up already!"
Hm? That voice sounds familiar... Like. Awfully familiar for a ghost's voice.
???: "Hey, I know you're in there! Come on, don't ghost me -- open up!"
Kaori: "Wait, that voice... Senpai?!"
Y-Yeah. There's no such thing as ghosts! They're way too unrealistic! I mean, why did I even think it was a ghost in the first place? Maybe I'm just tired.
Kaori: "O-Oh, sorry for taking so long!"
Nagisa: "Hmph! Open up already, c'mon!"
I feel relief wash over me the moment I see Senpai's face. I knew there was no such thing as ghosts! But, something seems a little...off about Senpai...
Nagisa: "What're you looking at me all funny for?"
Kaori: "Well, Senpai, you're...you're in your pajamas. I mean, I know this is the hospital's apartment building, but..."
Nagisa: "Hey, no worries! The locks in this place work wonders!"
Nagisa: "And besides, even though everyone knows that the Yurigahama General Hospital employee dorm is full of beautiful nurses, this small town's in the middle of nowhere..."
Nagisa: "...so a weirdo'd stick out like a sore thumb. So don't worry! Everyone lounges around in their pajamas at night around here."
Er...they do...? But, as they say, when in Rome... Yeah. I guess she's right! Wait. Does this mean we're going to have a pajama party to celebrate our reunion? Since we haven't seen each other since high school?! Sweet!
Nagisa: "And hey, I brought you somethin' nice!"
Kaori: "Hwah? Something nice?"
Nagisa: "Here's the first nice thing: Your stuff, freshly delivered to the dorm!"
Nagisa: "Hey, did you read the orientation paper when you got to the dorm? If there's a slip in your mailbox, that means you have a package waiting."
There's a large cardboard box at Senpai's feet. It's full of the necessities I'd sent from home. They're not things I need immediately, but would definitely want eventually. A pot and a pan, and seasonal clothes, too.
Kaori: "O-Oh, oops... I mean, uh, I'm sorry!"
Nagisa: "Hey, you're following the Chief's orders! Good job!"
Nagisa: "She can sound a little bit anal from time to time, but she's got a good head on her shoulders. I think you can't go wrong by following what she says."
Am I really hearing Senpai's career advice in my doorway?!
Kaori: "All right, I'll do that."
Nagisa: "Good girl, good girl!"
She pats me on the head... This sure brings me back to our high school days.
Nagisa: "Anyway, I've brought your stuff up for you, so no worries!"
Kaori: "S-Sorry for the trouble... Thank you."
Nagisa: "Oh, and check in with the manager, all right? You can do that tomorrow, too."
Nagisa: "They're not always here, but someone from the management company can come over and help with cleaning and picking up packages and stuff."
Kaori: "Right. I'll check in if I run into them."
Nagisa: "And now for nice thing number two! Ta-da!"
Senpai pulls out what she was hiding behind her back. A convenience store bag...?
Nagisa: "Ah, c'mon, you can give me a better reaction than that! We're having a welcome party for you, Sawai!"
Kaori: "Huh?"
Nagisa: "I bought a bunch of snacks and beer, so let's celebrate our reunion and drink a bunch!"
Senpai has a wide grin on her face. And now I feel even more so like we're back in high school. Back then, we'd gather up juice and snacks and enjoy them in the student council room, away from prying eyes...
Nagisa: "What's the matter, cat got your tongue? And how long do you want me standing over here, anyway?"
Kaori: "O-Oops... I mean, sorry! Please, come on in, I appreciate it!"
Nagisa: "Don't mind if I do!"
Kaori: "Sit wherever you'd like."
Nagisa: "Sure, think I will."
I really like how easygoing this is...
Nagisa: "C'mon, Sawai, grab a beer. There's no way you're planning on staying sober tonight, right?"
Kaori: "Mhm. I did drink a lot with my friends from nursing school..."
Nagisa: "I bet you did! You learn everything at school -- the good stuff and the bad stuff!"
Nagisa: "Well, time to celebrate our reunion! Cheers!"
I'm so happy I get to see Senpai again like this... And she's my coworker, too...
Kaori: "Cheers to being able to work with you from now on, Senpai!"
Nagisa: "Hah! You certainly know how to butter me up! Hmph, haha!"
Senpai gives me a big hug.
Kaori: "S-Senpai, are you drunk already?"
Nagisa: "..."
Kaori: "Senpai?"
Nagisa: "Zzz..."
Kaori: "..."
Good grief, Senpai!
Kaori: "Come on, Senpai! Off of me, and quit pretending to be asleep!"
Nagisa: "Senpai has fallen into a deep sleep. She will require a prince's kiss to be woken up."
Kaori: "Hwah?"
She's super drunk, isn't she? Did she drink a bunch before coming here?
Kaori: "This is a girls' dorm. You won't find any princes here."
Nagisa: "Then you'll do, Sawai. Best way to wake up a sleeping princess is with a kiss -- isn't that what the fairy tales say?"
Kaori: "...Senpai, you're not even sleeping, and you're not even a princess."
Kaori: "...And fairy tales aren't even close to real life."
Nagisa: "And there you go! Hmph, you're as unromantic as ever!"
Kaori: "And your arguments are as full of holes as ever, Senpai."
Frustration colors Senpai's face, and irritation mine. We look right at each other, putting down our beers at the same time...
Nagisa: "Ahh, you haven't changed a bit, Sawai!"
Senpai hugs me tight.
Kaori: "You neither, Senpai!"
Right then, I hug her, too. It's all coming back to me... This is the Senpai I remember. Friendly, and able to do just about anything. I happened to be on the class council when I was a freshman, so one day, my homeroom teacher told me to help the student council out. Senpai had just been elected student council president, and was right in the middle of learning the ropes from the third year president. She was super busy, and yet she took the time to teach me a bunch, even though I'd come into the student council later than everyone else. I ended up just staying in the student council, too, and before I knew it one year had passed. In fact, people started calling me and Senpai the council's dynamic duo. See, Senpai was an elite, someone out of reach who everyone looked up to. She excelled in both academics and sports. And the Senpai that everyone admired was always sweet to me and only me. Sometimes she'd say mean things to me here and there, but that was all because she trusted me. I've finally gotten to see her again today, and can tell that she hasn't changed a bit. Senpai is...she's really here, right next to me...
Kaori: "Let's have another toast!"
Nagisa: "Sure, we'll have as many toasts as you want!"
Kaori: "I sent you a bunch of messages after you graduated, Senpai. But, it looks like they didn't go through...?"
Nagisa: "Oh, ah...sorry about that. My school was strict like you wouldn't believe."
Nagisa: "And I dropped my phone in the water right after I started school, so I lost everyone's contact info..."
Nagisa: "I thought about writing letters when I got back home, but...I was just so busy I couldn't get around to it... Sorry."
Kaori: "H-Hey, I'm sorry, too..."
Kaori: "At first, I thought you were just being cold, but I understood everything when I got into nursing school myself."
Kaori: "There's just so much to study, and they keep you so busy with tests and field training that I felt like I'd lose myself."
Nagisa: "You're not really forced to cram anywhere as much as in nursing school."
Nagisa: "Congratulations on graduating, by the way. Sorry I'm a month late."
Kaori: "Let me congratulate you on passing the national test, too. Sorry I'm a year late."
Nagisa: "Hmph! That's a lotta lip coming from you, Sawai."
Senpai giggles to herself.
Nagisa: "...Can't believe we ran into each other again... So, Sawai, what school were you in?"
Kaori: "Tsubomigasaki. Tsubomigasaki School of Nursing."
Nagisa: "...Hey, that's local."
Kaori: "I didn't want to leave home. And Senpai, you were at...Teito Nursing, right?"
Nagisa: "...Yep! I figured this would be my only chance to live in Tokyo."
Good point... In high school, Senpai was a straight-A student who was good at everything and beloved by all, so I thought Yurigahama was too small for her. Back then, I thought that even if she ended up back here eventually, going out to Tokyo to study the latest in whatever field she wanted suited her the best. Deep down, I wanted to go to the same school that Senpai did, but was too scared to leave home......which is why I'd always wished that I could work with her when she came back. If she came back. And I can't believe my dream came true this early...!
Nagisa: "But when I went to Tokyo, I realized that I'd rather be back home, so I came back!"
Kaori: "Well, thanks for coming back."
Nagisa: "Let's have a toast to my decision last year."
Kaori: "Aww, Senpai!"
Nagisa: "What're you gettin' on my case for? We wouldn't have met again if I didn't make up my mind to come home!"
Kaori: "Well, that's true, but that's not what I mean!"
Nagisa: "Anyhow, that aside, want some squid?"
Kaori: "Yeah..."
Nagisa: "Sho like, lishen...you gotta be on yer guard awound the Chief..."
Kaori: "...Senpai, you've had too much. You're on, like, your sixth can."
Senpai was already under the table....And come to think of it, was she always this heavy a drinker?!
Nagisa: "This is yer celebration, awright! How can I not get plastered?! Right, Sawai?!"
Kaori: "Right, right. Well, it's my celebration, so at least hear me out...!"
Nagisa: "When'd you get so mouthy, Sawai?!"
Kaori: "Senpai, you've got work tomorrow, don't you? Are you sure you'll be able to fight through your hangover?"
Nagisa: "Today's pleasure over tomorrah's pain! Life's got its ups an' downs!"
Kaori: "I have no idea what you're talking about."
Nagisa: "Harumph... If yer gonna get on my case, then get me sportsh drink to shober me up!"
Kaori: "But I don't have any..."
Nagisa: "Whhhy not?!"
Kaori: "Well, my fridge is mostly empty. I just moved in, remember?"
Nagisa: "Then go buy one! C'mon, Kaori, darlin', help your adorable shempai out a liiittle?"
Nagisa: "Y'can just get one from the vendin' machine in the lobby, first floor. I won't beg for anything, so...plleeeaaase?"
Kaori: "......"
Sounds an awful lot like begging to me...
Kaori: "...All right, I'll buy it for you, okay? I'll get you your drink."
Nagisa: "Yayyy! Kaori, baby, I love you!"
Senpai hugs me tight....So fickle.
Kaori: "...W-Well, I'll be going, so be on your best behavior, okay?"
Nagisa: "I'll be waiting!"
...It's almost like I can't tell which one of us is the older one. Though I have to grimace a little, I can't help but enjoy how sweet Senpai is being on me. I've got a real soft spot for that. Hmm...maybe it's because I have a little sister...
====================scr00105.kgo====================
At the first floor lobby. Moving to a different floor is kind of annoying, but it's still really convenient to have a vending machine in your building. The convenience store IS a little bit far.
Kaori: "Green tea, black tea, soda..."
...Well, that aside.
Kaori: "......"
Why are there so many types of sports drinks, anyway? I mean...isn't two types enough, for a vending machine? It looks like every sports drink from every company is here... Uh...which one would Senpai like best...?
???: "Hey. If ya ain't gonna buy anythin', could you slide out of the way?"
Kaori: "Hyah, oops! U-Uh, I mean, sorry!"
???: "......"
I scramble to get out of the way of the person behind me. Hm? Wait a second. This person looks...familiar...?
Kaori: "......"
But I can't figure out who it could be. Her hair is shaggy and bunched up behind her head, she has on no makeup, her face looks pale and her eyes sharp, her glasses are a little out of place and plastered with fingerprints, and she's wearing a shabby tracksuit......Wait, that tracksuit is definitely from a middle or high school, isn't it?! For PE?! I can't believe someone would wear their old school tracksuit like that...! As I look at her, she opens up the cap of her energy drink right in front of the vending machine. Then, hand on her hip, she drinks the whole thing down.
???: "Whew! All right, that's another three hours in the tank!"
Huh?
???: "What're you lookin' at? Got a problem?"
Kaori: "N-N-Not at all!"
She glares at me through her thick glasses, and I scramble to look away.
???: "...Pff."
...Hm? Did she just...giggle? And I feel like I've been hearing someone speaking with a Kansai accent around somewhere lately... I-I'm just imagining it, right? She didn't say anything else to me and just left silently.
Kaori: "Now that was scary..."
I plop down on the floor. Who was that just now, anyway? They sure left an impression...in a variety of ways. And if she's in this dorm, does that mean she's connected to the hospital...? I'm not sure if she's a clerical worker or a nurse assistant, but what'll I do if I run into her at work...? Wait...she couldn't be a nurse, could she...? But I do feel like I've met her somewhere...
Kaori: "Oh! I've gotta buy Senpai's drink!"
I snap back to my senses and stand in front of the vending machine again. Er...which do I pick...? I'll go with the most popular one!
Kaori: "Ta-da, got your Gator Dew! You used to love this stuff in high school, right?"
Looking forward to how happy Senpai'll be, I go back to my room with a spring in my step. However.
Nagisa: "I don't want no drink! I don't wanna go back to my room!"
Kaori: "S-Senpai, stop acting childish!"
Nagisa: "I don't wanna do what I don't wanna do! I'm sleepin' in your bed with you tonight, Kaori!"
Kaori: "Neither of us could sleep like that! And don't you have work tomorrow?"
Nagisa: "I don't wanna go, I don't wanna go!"
Urgh, she's throwing a tantrum. What do I do? W-Wait? My heart's...kind of pounding. And my hands are shaking. What's up with me? I'm not nervous, or anything.
Nagisa: "...Do I have to go? No matter what?"
Senpai looks up at me with coaxing eyes. Th-They're cute... It's weird to say someone older than me is cute, but it's true... But I've got to harden my heart...! What should I say?
Kaori: "Urgh..."
I know, I'll use my usual spell... I put my hands to my chest and take a deep breath.
Kaori: "......"
My head becomes gradually clearer... And with my mind at ease, it's time to tell Senpai what for!
Kaori: "Of course you have to go. If you stayed, we'd both suffer for it at work tomorrow. Please, go back to your room."
Nagisa: "...Sawai?"
Huh? Why do I sound so...cold...?
Kaori: "Kaori bought you your drink like you wanted, so you should go back to your room."
Wait, what am I saying? Hold on, hold up a second! Cancel that!
Kaori: "Senpai, I, uh...I...!"
Nagisa: "......"
Huh?! She sighed at me?!
Nagisa: "...Cheapskate."
Senpai purses her lips in dissatisfaction. D-Did I put her in a bad mood?! And why did I say something like that in the first place?!
Kaori: "S-Senpai... uh, I, you see..."
Nagisa: "...I know. We've both got work tomorrow, and we can't be late..."
Wh-What do I do? Senpai's all down now!
Kaori: "Er...Senpai..."
Nagisa: "...Don't worry about it. I know I was getting carried away. And every adult has to split up their work and private life and all that."
Senpai staggers towards the door. I-I've got to say something...!
Kaori: "We work in the same place, so we can see each other any time, okay?"
Nagisa: "Yeah...you're right. We can see each other whenever."
Kaori: "And besides, if you wanted to stay over, doing it before our days off would be more comfortable..."
Nagisa: "Hmph. Sawai."
Kaori: "Owie!"
I look at Senpai while massaging my forehead.
Nagisa: "Hey, no need to make that face. I told you I got carried away, didn't I?"
Nagisa: "And besides... I can see you any time I want."
Kaori: "R-Really...?"
Nagisa: "And you're not going to say you don't want to see me, right?"
Kaori: "I-I wouldn't!"
Senpai giggles at me. Did she tease me again...?
Nagisa: "Well, I got to hear how you really feel, so I'll be heading back today."
Nagisa: "Oh, and where's my goodnight kiss?"
Kaori: "Huh?!"
Nagisa: "Haha, kidding, kidding. There you go, Sawai, making that face again. Okay, good night!"
She blows me a kiss with a pleasant smile and opens the door. She's just teasing me...right?
Kaori: "Oh, er...right, good night!"
Nagisa: "...Yeah. See you tomorrow."
Kaori: "All right. See you tomorrow."
I just stare at the door that Senpai goes out of.
====================scr00106.kgo====================
I hear a sound coming from somewhere... I think it's... My alarm...?
Kaori: "Uhyah?!"
Kaori: "Nuts, I overslept!"
Kaori: "I-I've gotta get dressed! But first I've gotta wash my face!"
I dash to my sink and scrub my face as quickly as I can... Argh, I don't even have time for breakfast! The Chief told me to put on makeup, but the mornings are so busy, and there's no way I can pull it off on days I oversleep like this one! Ahh, where are my clothes...?! I think I'll just wear my nurse uniform to the hospital again today -- it's close enough! Ahh, but if the Chief finds me she'll probably get mad! I can hear it now: "What do you think the changing room is there for?!"
or something. Urghh...it would be such a waste of time to change into my regular clothes from my pajamas, and then into my nurse outfit, though! But this is something the more experienced nurses have been doing this whole time. A newbie like me can't just say it's a waste of time and effort....Come to think of it, did Senpai manage to wake up all right?
Kaori: "Kwah?! L-Look at the time!"
Kaori: "T-Time to g...! Oh, wait, before that."
I look to the photo I took with my family. Everyone's smiling so happily in it.
Kaori: "Things are going to be really serious at work from today forward, but I'll do my best!"
Now then, to battle!
Kaori: "I'm off!"
...So, I dashed into the changing room, quickly scrambled into my nurse outfit and somehow got to the nurses station...
Hatsumi: "......"
Ahh, the Chief's glaring at me...! And what a terrifying glare it is...!
Hatsumi: "You've been barely on time for two days in a row now. You've got guts for a newbie, I'll give you that."
Kaori: "I'm sorry! I'm really sorry!"
Hatsumi: "Apologize away, but do you know what the problem with being barely on time is?"
Kaori: "Er..."
Is she asking what bad things could happen if I was late?
Kaori: "Because it's...not good to be late."
Hatsumi: "......"
Sh-She sighed?! Did I say something wrong?!
Hatsumi: "If you're going to act like you're still a student, then take off that uniform and leave right now."
Hatsumi: "You may be new, but as long as you're wearing that uniform, our patients are going to look at you as a professional nurse."
Hatsumi: "If you're even a minute late, we're the ones who have to wait on you."
Hatsumi: "One of us might even have to cover for you while you're scrambling over."
Hatsumi: "And whoever has to do that is going to be late to taking care of their own patients."
Hatsumi: "Your lateness ultimately means that patients who are in desperate need of care are going to have to wait. Do you understand that?"
Kaori: "Ah..."
I...hadn't thought that my being late would make our patients have to wait...
Hatsumi: "You know what you should do when you're new? Come early. That's a sign of respect for who you're working with."
Kaori: "...I'm sorry..."
Hatsumi: "First of all, opening hours aren't when you're supposed to show up. Unless, of course, you're a skilled enough nurse to get to work the second you step into the nurses station."
Kaori: "...I'm sorry..."
Hatsumi: "If you realize you'll slow things down, don't you think you should come that much earlier?"
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "Well...Otsuka, I think she's heard enough."
Hatsumi: "But, Head Nurse, this is something she needs to learn here and now!"
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "Sawai, why did you come at the last minute? Did you think it wouldn't matter?"
I wouldn't think that! I just didn't think of coming earlier, like the Chief just said...
Kaori: "...I'm very sorry. I was a little too excited that I'd become a nurse and wasn't thinking..."
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "I see. Well, can you start coming in with time to spare from tomorrow?"
Kaori: "I can."
I nod.
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "See? You heard it from Sawai herself. Can you let her off for now?"
Yasuko: "Besides, it's already time for morning reports!"
Hatsumi: "...Right you are. Let's begin the morning reports, then. Good morning, everyone."
Nagisa: "Good morning."
Oh...Senpai's here, and she's totally fine... She was so drunk, but she woke up, did her makeup, and got to the nurses station on time... She really is something. I want to be a nurse that the younger nurses look up to some day, just like her.
Nurse A: "310, Wakamoto, no changes. 312, Ryukaku, no changes. That is all."
Hatsumi: "Well, that concludes the morning reports."
The Chief shoots a glance at me. I-Is she going to say something to me again?
Hatsumi: "...That said, this is our new nurse, Sawai. She came in late, but...back her up out there."
Oh...the night shift nurses here this morning are different from the ones I met yesterday. I was in the admin office yesterday and missed the evening reports, so I didn't actually get to meet them.
Kaori: "...U-Um, my name is Kaori Sawai. It's nice to meet you all, and I'll do my best!"
Nurse B: "Hey, nice t'meet you."
Nurse A: "We're not expecting you to be a pro right away, so you can relax a little."
The two night shift nurses greet me. They're very nice, too....When I was a student, the nurses would all generally ignore me, so I had the impression that they were scary, but...the nurses here are quite nice. Or are they just greeting me as one of their own, since I'm no longer a student?
Hatsumi: "...Good job, you two. You're relieved. And please stay back for a little, day shift nurses."
Nurse B: "Take care, everyone!"
The night shift nurses take their bags from the break room in the back and head home. We day shift nurses are the only ones left in the nurses station.
Hatsumi: "Today is Sawai's official debut in the wards. I'm sure she'll screw up a lot since she's new, but do what you can to support her."
Nagisa: "Can do."
Yasuko: "Don't make fun of newbies, we've all been there."
Hatsumi: "Sawai, I'm sure this will be a challenge for you since it's your first day, but do your best."
The Chief told me to do my best? Is this the same person?
Kaori: "Thanks! I will!"
Hatsumi: "Good answer."
!! The Chief smiled! I thought all she did was get angry, but even she can smile... I feel kind of...moved...!
Hatsumi: "......"
Wait, is it just me, or is she frowning now...? Did she figure out that I'm shocked that she's smiling, or something? No way. But that aside, it's probably really lucky that I got to start the work day with the Chief's smile.
Nagisa: "Good job surviving, Sawai."
Kaori: "Hyah?"
Before I know it, Nagisa's right beside me and patting me on the shoulder.
Nagisa: "You're lucky that's all the lecturing you got off with."
H-Huh? I thought it was pretty long, but...was that on the short side...?
Kaori: "Er...is it usually longer?"
Nagisa: "You got off with the short version since you weren't actually late, but when I'm late, she holds me back to yell at me."
Kaori: "Wh-Whoa..."
She gets held back and lectured...?! By the Chief?! That's terrifying!
Kaori: "But I've got to say, you're amazing, Senpai! You managed to get to work on time even though you were smashed last night!"
Nagisa: "Heh, you bet! I've already got a year under my belt!"
Yasuko: "Hah! Says the nurse who showed up with no makeup on and her hair all over the place."
Nagisa: "H-Hey...!"
Yasuko: "Don't let her take y'for a ride, y'hear? She stumbled through the door lookin' like she'd just got out of bed and fixed herself in there."
Yamanouchi points to the break room in the back.
Nagisa: "......"
Yasuko: "Sure, it all worked out, but it ain't somethin' I'd be tootin' my own horn about."
Nagisa: "......"
Kaori: "Senpai..."
Oh, no, Senpai looks awfully sad... Not that I can't sympathize. I'd probably cry if someone exposed me like that. I've got to say something to make her feel better...! But you got here before me! That's awesome! But I'm glad I got to see the real you!
Kaori: "But that's still awesome! It means you woke up before me."
Kaori: "I didn't even put makeup on and I still barely had time to get ready."
Kaori: "And I ended up almost being late anyway, so I still think that's awesome, Senpai!"
Nagisa: "S-Sawai..."
Yasuko: "You've been saying awesome a lot, but this isn't awesome at all. Really."
Yasuko: "Because waking up on time for work isn't just a nurse thing, it's a grown up thing."
Kaori: "But...I'm kind of glad. I'm a little relieved to see that even you oversleep, Senpai."
Kaori: "Let's do our best together, Senpai!"
Nagisa: "Oh, uh...sure..."
Yasuko: "Were you trying to make her feel better...?"
Hatsumi: "Have you finished with your chit-chat?"
Ah! I'd forgotten about the Chief!
Kaori: "S-Sorry!"
Hatsumi: "You haven't done anything, so there's nothing to apologize for."
Hatsumi: "Though the problem here is that you're standing around during work hours."
Urgh!
Hatsumi: "And you're not supposed to just apologize for everything."
Urghhh!
Kaori: "......"
Ahhh...does the Chief not like me...?
Yasuko: "Chief, you keep beating up on her and she'll quit on us. Girls these days just don't have any guts."
Hatsumi: "I'm not beating up on her. I'm simply stating facts."
Hatsumi: "...But this conversation will get us nowhere. I had to stay behind to talk about what's going to happen to you, Sawai."
Kaori: "Huh?!"
Wh-What's going to happen to me?! Does that mean if I mess up or make a mistake, I'm going to get fired on the spot? Oh no, oh no......Am I going to get fired on my second day on the job...?
Hatsumi: "What's with that look? I'm talking about assigning an instructor to guide you today. There's no reason to worry."
Kaori: "Hwah? An instructor?"
Hatsumi: "It's called the preceptor system. An instructor guides a new nurse along, one-on-one."
Hatsumi: "The new nurse is the preceptee, while the instructor is the preceptor."
Hatsumi: "The preceptor will hear you out on anything that troubles you, not just work."
...Oh...I didn't know there was a system like that. And I'm about to be put through it?! I wonder who my preceptor will be... I hope it's Senpai. Yamanouchi is easy to get along with and would be a good choice, but what if it was someone who isn't here today, who turns out to be really scary...?
Hatsumi: "...That said. Fujisawa, you look like you get along with Sawai. You're her preceptor."
Nagisa: "Umm...right! I'm on it!"
Yay, it's Senpai!
Kaori: "Glad I'm with you, Senpai!"
Nagisa: "Same!"
Hatsumi: "I'll go over the preceptor basics with Fujisawa, so go ahead and change diapers with Yamanouchi, Sawai."
Kaori: "I'm on it!"
Yasuko: "C'mon, hurry up or I'm leavin' you behind."
Kaori: "Ahh, w-wait up!"
====================scr00107.kgo====================

====================scr00108.kgo====================
Yasuko: "So, for starters, it's not like every patient wears diapers, so changing them won't take too long."
Kaori: "I see..."
Yasuko: "There's two in the intensive care room, six in the large room, and one in a single for a total of nine patients."
Kaori: "Wow...you remember everyone?!"
Yasuko: "You remember people on the job. The nursing assistants'll start from the single room, so we'll start from intensive care."
Kaori: "Er..."
Yasuko: "Here, take this trash bag."
Kaori: "Hm?"
She hands me a transparent polyethylene bag. A...a convenience store bag?
Yasuko: "It's tough to move around with a big bag, so you want to put the used diapers in there. We're prizin' mobility here."
Yasuko: "You'll also want these: rubber gloves. Ah, they're plastic, though."
Then, she hands me a pair of thin, plastic gloves. Is she telling me to put them on? Ahh, makes sense. Wouldn't want to change diapers with my bare hands, anyway.
Yasuko: "By the way, used diapers and those gloves both count as contaminated material, so y' can't be throwin' them away like regular garbage."
Kaori: "Oh, I can't?"
Yasuko: "Regular houses divide their garbage up by whatever the local government sets the rules as, but hospitals are different."
Yasuko: "We get specialists to deal with our semi-infectious materials, like blood and needles."
Kaori: "Ohh..."
Yamanouchi pleasantly steps up to a bed. The bed in front of us is Hana Amino's.
Yasuko: "Good morning, Hana. It's time to change your diapers!"
She peels off her covers and opens up her gown. I'm impressed with Yasuko's deft movements, but I can't just stand around staring!
Kaori: "G-Good morning, Mrs. Amino!"
I scramble over to the side opposite of Yamanouchi.
Yasuko: "Look, Hana! We've got a new member on the team!"
Kaori: "My name is Sawai, pleased to meet you!"
Mrs. Amino smiles back at me. She holds up a shaking left hand....What could it mean?
Yasuko: "She wants to give you a handshake."
Oh, right! I hold her hand in both of mine.
Kaori: "Pleased to meet you!"
Mrs. Amino nods her head.
Yasuko: "You should see this in the records later, but Hana's stroke left her unable to speak, with a paralyzed right side, too."
Kaori: "So that's what happened..."
Yamanouchi opens up the diaper as she speaks and pulls the urine pad out of it.
Yasuko: "All righty... Can you face Sawai, Hana?"
Yasuko: "And Sawai, hold her up?"
Kaori: "Ah, of course!"
Mrs. Amino turns her prone body towards me. Then, Yamanouchi places a urine pad out on a new diaper and turns her on her back again.
Yasuko: "Can you face here again, Hana? Meanwhile, you straighten out the urine pad wrinkles."
Kaori: "A-All right."
I straighten out the urine pad wrinkles like she asks.
Yasuko: "Extra pressure comes down on the wrinkles, y'see, and those lead to bedsores."
Yasuko: "You've got gramps waiting for you when you get home, Hana. You can't be going back with bedsores."
Mrs. Amino looks pleased.
Yasuko: "Do your best in rehabilitation, too, all right?"
This time, her face turns sour. You know...this isn't half bad.
Yasuko: "Hey, no spacing out! You just gonna leave Hana naked like this? What if she catches a cold!"
Kaori: "N-No, sorry!"
I match Yamanouchi's movements to seal the diaper, then close her gown. Finally, we put her blanket over her and finish our first person. And there's nine people we have to do this for, right...? ...I think doing this nine times a day would be a little rough.
Yasuko: "Tired?"
Hitting right where it hurts.
Kaori: "Um...no, I'm fine."
The Chief, Yamanouchi, the other nurses...are they all mind readers?
Yasuko: "Well, it's showing on your face. You want to hide that -- you'll end up worrying our patients, y'know?"
Kaori: "That makes sense..."
She isn't as harsh as the Chief, no -- she warns me in a casual way, trying to keep me calm....She's a good person...
Yasuko: "Then on to the next person. Mr. Mitsui, can you let me see your diaper?"
Huh? Wait, she just pulled over the blanket, flipped up his gown, and opened up his diaper just a little bit? She doesn't have to change it?
Yasuko: "Mr. Mitsui's got a balloon in him, so we just check if he's pooped or not. All right, you're good to go!"
Kaori: "A...a balloon...?"
Yasuko: "A ureteric balloon catheter. Though, he was gonna have it pulled out real soon..."
With that, she fixes up Mr. Mitsui's gown and pulls his sheets back up. That's it for our second person....Wait, I haven't done a thing!
Yasuko: "The medical assistants do diaper changes for people with balloons around dawn when they're doing their cleaning, so all we do is check for poop."
Kaori: "Ohh..."
Yasuko: "And by cleaning, I mean private parts and the like."
So that's what she meant by cleaning...
Yasuko: "There's no more diapers in 302, so we're heading to 303 next."
Kaori: "G-Got it!"
Okay, the next person's definitely going to have diapers to change! And I'm going to do it right!
Yasuko: "Oh, I forgot to say this, but change your gloves with every diaper swap."
Yasuko: "I mean, you don't want someone touching your ass with hands that've touched someone else's piss, right?"
Kaori: "Right!"
I take off the gloves I was using and put on a new pair.
Nursing Staff: "Oh, I finished up with 303."
Huh?
Yasuko: "Wait, seriously? Whoa, sorry to make you do that."
Nursing Staff: "It's no trouble at all. You two can take care of the IVs now."
Yasuko: "Thanks, we'll get right on it."
Yamanouchi puts Mrs. Amino's used urine pad into the nursing staff's garbage bag and takes off her gloves. Huh? Wh-What about the diaper changing?
Yasuko: "Oh, this is our new nurse, Sawai. Be nice to her, all right?"
Nursing Staff: "Sure thing, nice to meet you."
The nursing staff sound genuinely happy to meet me. Ahh, I got greeted first even though I'm the younger one here!
Kaori: "The p-pleasure is all mine! My name is Kaori Sawai!"
I scramble to bow my head to the staff members. The staff giggles as they drag a large garbage bag full of used diapers down the hall and off somewhere out of view. Er...so does that end the diaper changing, or...?
Yasuko: "We nurses start our morning diaper changes from the intensive care room, and the staff starts from the singles."
Yasuko: "We finish up when we meet. We usually meet up in 303 or 305, but we started kinda late today."
...That's my fault, right...?
Kaori: "Er...I'm so..."
Yasuko: "Hey, this is off topic, but..."
Yamanouchi speaks up and interrupts me.
Yasuko: "Keep last night a secret, all right?"
Kaori: "Huh?"
Last night? Uh. What happened last night, again?
Yasuko: "We bumped into each other in the dorm lobby, right?"
Kaori: "The...dorm lobby...?"
???: "Hey. If ya ain't gonna buy anythin', could you slide out of the way?"
"What're you lookin' at? Got a problem?"
Kaori: "!!"
Wait...that was...no way...! That woman in the tattered old tracksuit was...!
Yasuko: "Ahaha, I never thought anyone'd run into me lookin' like that at that hour..."
N-No way...! That lady in the glasses and grubby tracksuit and the beautiful nurse right here are...the same person?! I can't believe it! Makeup is amazing! Or is this that nurse uniform magic? They do say it makes whoever wears it look twice as good!
Yasuko: "Let's keep it between us, y'hear?"
She winks at me with a smile, putting her index finger to her lips. Are you telling me she's that scary, glasses-clad woman in the tracksuit from last night...?
Yasuko: "Hey now, no need to look all shocked-like. Ain't like I look THAT different, do I?"
Kaori: "Oh, no, it's just...er. Sorry."
Yasuko: "Well, I do keep a lot secret here in the ward. Like my Kansai-talk."
...Um, your dialect sure stands out for being a secret...
Yasuko: "Well, ain't no use cryin' over spilled milk. Hey, pay my room a visit sometime. Door'll always be open for ya!"
Kaori: "S-Sure..."
Yamanouchi's room... That would be wherever that scary person in the tracksuit vanished off to last night, right?
Yasuko: "Say, d'ya like manga?"
She's just got the Kansai dialect on full blast now. Does she just not want to hide it around me anymore?
Kaori: "Manga? Er, I read it as much as anyone else does."
Yasuko: "Which d'ya like better? Shonen manga or shojo manga?"
Kaori: "Hmm...I haven't really thought of them as separate, come to think of it. I guess I like them both?"
Yasuko: "...Oh yeah?"
Is it just me, or is Yamanouchi grinning at me?
Kaori: "Why do you ask?"
Yasuko: "Oh, no reason."
Yasuko: "Anyway, there's no time for chatter. Let's head back to the station."
Hm? That was a sudden switch back to her poised nurse persona. It's like I'm watching Jekyll and Hyde play out...though it doesn't look like she can really divide up the roles yet. What a strange person...
====================scr00109.kgo====================
Yasuko: "All right, wash your hands for starters."
Kaori: "Oh, sure."
Yasuko: "Every time you move onto another form of care, you want to wash your hands. You wouldn't want to be the one to spread an infection around the hospital, right?"
An...i-infection...? I get it... Since our patients' immune systems are so weak, they'd be vulnerable to whatever bacteria our hands happen to have hidden on them.
Yasuko: "Chief! We're finished up with diaper changing, so can we let the newbie fill IV bags?"
The Chief comes out from the break room. That's right, she was teaching Nagisa what she needed to know to be my instructor.
Hatsumi: "...Hm. I'll need a bit more time on my part, so go ahead and show her what to do."
Yasuko: "You got it. Hey, newbie, pull it together!"
Kaori: "O-Oh, right!"
I wonder what Senpai and the Chief were talking about in there? I'm a little curious, but there's no time to wonder about that now!
Kaori: "......"
Whoa...there are so many IV bottles on the medicine table... Do we put all of these in our patients' IV bags? ...Well, probably.
Yasuko: "This is all the stuff for the day shift. The night shift nurses lay 'em all out in room order in the morning."
Yasuko: "We jam this right into the patients' veins, so if you mess it up, you'll give em' one heckuva' bad day."
O-Oh no...
Yasuko: "Since we don't want any accidents like that happening, we always have two nurses check the prescription sheet and the meds. That's the double check."
Kaori: "R-Right..."
Yasuko: "One of us dictates the prescription sheet while the other checks the medicine names, then we put 'em in."
Yasuko: "You'll probably have a tough time reading and getting the medicine names at first, so it'll take a bit of time, but...you get used to it. Trust me."
Yasuko: "But that's when you REALLY don't wanna rest on your laurels."
Yasuko: "It's pretty easy to mix up the names of all these drugs, so if you slip up just once, you might have to say goodbye to the patient...and your nursing license."
Wh-Whoa...!
Yasuko: "That's something you don't ever want to forget on this job. Any careless mistake you make can break you and the people you're taking care of."
Yasuko: "Oh, and label drugs that have side effects on their bottles in permanent marker."
Kaori: "Side effects...?"
Yasuko: "Take this potassium, for instance. Inject it in too fast and you'll stop their heart."
Kaori: "!!"
Yasuko: "And this bronchodilatation drug. Don't take your time with this one and you'll make 'em a Merlion."
Kaori: "M-Merlion?"
Yasuko: "They'll vomit like a fountain."
Kaori: "Ahhh!"
I can't get that image out of my head!
Yasuko: "And you're lucky if puke's all you get. Sometimes they'll get muscle convulsions, or their hearts'll get weird... It can get a little sticky."
Kaori: "I-Isn't that more than a little sticky?!"
Yasuko: "That's what medical mistakes are. They're all way more than a little sticky."
Kaori: "......"
Th-That's terrifying... I've always wanted to be a nurse, ever since I was little, but I had no idea the job was so...scary.
Yasuko: "But hey, that's why we have this double check thing going on. To make sure neither of us blows it."
Yasuko: "If the doctor messes up and gives the wrong prescription, that's not on us. But that's one of the plusses of being meticulous -- we can catch those screw-ups!"
Kaori: "......"
Yamanouchi gives my shoulder a good pat.
Yasuko: "No need to get the shakes, y'hear? As long as you're not asleep at the wheel, you're not gonna be poisoning anyone."
But if you turn that around, does that mean if I'm not paying full attention all the time, I'll blow it right away...?
Kaori: "I'll have to memorize all the dangerous drugs, right?!"
Yamanouchi gapes at me before her lips curl up into a grin.
Yasuko: "Memorize ‘em? You could, but the ones you have to watch the speed of are written on the prescription sheet, so don’t worry."
Yasuko: "Most of the drugs we use are pretty much set in stone, too, so you'll pick 'em up before long."
Kaori: "Oh...you think so...?"
Yasuko: "You betcha, that's how it goes. Now let's get started."
Yamanouchi hands me a stack of papers. Are these...the prescriptions?
Yasuko: "Read the room numbers, patient names, drug names, and dosage for me, would ya? Oh, and full names for the patients."
Kaori: "S-Sure...er..."
I read the prescriptions as she asked.
Kaori: "301, Hana Amino, 5...5 percent? ...TZ...? Er...one...V?"
Yasuko: "Ah, 5 prozucker. Glucose is abbreviated as TZ -- traubenzucker -- and we just called it zucker. German, y'know? So this prescription is 5\% zucker, one vial."
Kaori: "R-Right..."
Yasuko: "Oh, and the letter V is short for vial, with A being ampoule."
Yasuko: "What else does it say?"
Kaori: "Er...VB12...1A? And, asorbic acid, 1A."
Yasuko: "One ampoule of Vitamin B12 and one of Vitamin C, then. I tell ya, doctors love writing like this. Nothing you won't get used to, though."
Kaori: "R-Right."
I guess I've...just got to do my best.
Yasuko: "So Hana Amino, 5 prozucker, B12 and C. Got it."
The drug names are all foreign-sounding and difficult to read, but we manage to get our double check done....I'm a little beat. But I don't exactly have time to catch my breath.
Yasuko: "Hey, good job. That's it for the ten o'clock IV check."
...Huh? 10 o'clock IV check?
Yasuko: "We go give out injections and antibiotics at 10 and 5, so that's right after the morning diaper changes."
Yasuko: "People under continuous infusion have different checks. Like, every six hours from midnight, or every eight hours, or every twelve hours. 
Yasuko: "That's why they aren't part of the ten o'clock check."
Kaori: "...Oh, I see..."
Yasuko: "All right, time to get fillin'."
Kaori: "Filling...?"
Yasuko: "We suck up what's in the ampoules and vials and fill the bottles with ‘em. C'mon, let’s get to work!"
Yasuko: "You'll want to switch your syringe for each patient, but you don't need to if you're extractin' the same medicine."
Yasuko: "That's just in our hospital, though. Ya really don't wanna do it anywhere else!"
Yasuko: "Oh, before I forget! Make sure you don't cut your finger with glass when you're cutting an ampoule, okay?"
Kaori: "R-Right..."
There are about twenty IV bottles to fill. In front of each are checked ampoules and vials. I very cautiously cut one of the ampoules. Then, I extract the medical liquid inside with a syringe and transfer it into said bottle....My nerves are so tense they could snap. Am I actually going to be able to get used to this?
Yasuko: "All right, let's work on the tubes."
Yasuko: "First, stick the needle at the end of the tube into the bottle, and fill half the drip chamber with fluid."
Yasuko: "Then, you want to use the forceps...they're for adjusting the drip speed, y'see, and make the bottle start drippin', filling the tube with the meds."
Yasuko: "When the tube is filled with the meds, wrap it around the bottle and put it on the cart. Then it's ready to rock."
Urgh...
Yasuko: "Yeah...didn't think it'd make much sense just from me talking about it. You've gotta try it yourself."
Yasuko: "Oh, and make sure no air gets into the tube! That messes up the infusion!"
Kaori: "...R-Right..."
I'm already at the end of my rope, Yamanouchi... Am I even cut out to be a nurse...? Now, nothing but doubt fills my mind.
====================scr00110.kgo====================
Yasuko: "It's IV time!"
We roll the cart out to room 301, the intensive care room.
Yasuko: "...But, well, everyone in 301's already hooked up 24/7."
Yasuko: "So all we've gotta do is hook these bottles right up. Even a newbie can do it, so chop chop."
Kaori: "..."
When she hands me the IV bottle, I freeze up.
Yasuko: "What's up? Didn't they teach ya this in school?"
Kaori: "Yeah, but this is the first time I've actually touched an IV at someone's bedside before..."
Yasuko: "Your first time, huh? ...Heh heh heh... Ah, the adorableness of naivete..."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Yasuko: "Nothin', just talkin' to myself. But if you just can't handle it, then eyes on me."
Before I can say anything, Yamanouchi scoops the bottle out of my hands and hangs it down from the S-shaped hook under the curtain rail.
Kaori: "An S-shaped hook...?"
Yasuko: "These patients ain't going anywhere by themselves for a long time, see. We keep the IV stands for people who can go to the bathroom alone."
Yamanouchi sterilizes the tip of the tube as she speaks and quickly attaches it to the tube that's already there. I find myself applauding the ease she works with.
Yasuko: "Heh, I could do this with both hands tied behind my back."
...I think you'd still need at least one hand.
Yasuko: "Anyway, we're headin' to 302 next. Only patient who needs an IV there is Mr. Otai, with the stomach ulcer. He's got veins all over, so it's real easy."
Yasuko: "Good morning! It's IV time! Our new nurse is going to be watchin' real hard, but don't mind her!"
Mr. Otai is a slender, timid looking man. He bows his head with a bit of a flustered look. I scramble to lower my head, as well.
Kaori: "I-I'm the new nurse here, Kaori Sawai!"
Yasuko: "Hey, no need for the long face! We're not going to have a newbie inject anyone on her first day, so don't worry, Mr. Otai."
Yasuko: "Oh, newbie! You're not gonna do the injection, but can you tape up the tube?"
Yamanouchi slides the IV needle into Mr. Otai's arm as she speaks. I...haven't replied yet.
Kaori: "Tape it up...?"
Yasuko: "Get about four bandages cut in ten centimeter pieces."
Kaori: "S-Sure!"
Yasuko: "And check that there's blood in the tube, you can make sure the needle's in before you tape it on!"
Yasuko: "If there's no blood coming back up the tube, it means the needle isn't actually in the blood vessel."
Yasuko: "That's going to make the IV leak sooner or later, so you're going to have to prick it back in anyway."
Yasuko: "So if you're going to have to redo it, might as well just jam it in when the damage to the blood vessel's at its lowest."
Kaori: "When the damage to the blood vessel is lowest, huh..."
Ah! I forgot to bring a notebook!
Yasuko: "Make sure you secure the whole thing when you get the needle in. You want to loop the tube so that the thing won't fall off at the tiniest tug."
Kaori: "Loop it..."
I wonder if I can remember all of this...?
Yasuko: "Hey, don't sweat it. When yer just startin' out, me or Fujisawa'll be there helpin' ya, so there's no need to cram it all in your brain now."
Kaori: "Ah, that's right. I'll have you guys..."
Yasuko: "But if ya keep messin' up, yer getting' a knuckle sandwich."
Kaori: "Eep!"
Seeming to find our exchange funny, Mr. Otai chuckles. Th-This is a little embarrassing...
Yasuko: "There you go, Mr. Otai. Give us a call when your IV's done."
Yamanouchi smiles and brings the nurse call to Mr. Otai's hand. I have to say, she's really skilled with her hands. She stuck the IV needle in and secured the syringe all while explaining it to me. I wonder if I'll get this skilled someday...?
Yasuko: "C'mon, newbie! We're goin' to the next room!"
Kaori: "C-Coming!"
Yasuko: "Er, let's see...Fujisawa's in charge of 303 and 305 today, so next'll be...306!"
Kaori: "G-Got it."
Senpai's in charge of them? I still don't have a grasp on the system, but it looks like room 306 is next.
Yasuko: "306's pretty rough in a bunch of ways, so get ready, all right?"
Kaori: "Rough? H-How come?"
Yamanouchi's face twists into a devious grin.
Yasuko: "306's the kids' room, sugar."
Kaori: "Whuh..."
Yasuko: "Bigger hospitals'll have a pediatric ward, but we don't, so they're all in this one room."
Yasuko: "There was some trouble way back, so we only accept kids in elementary and over. Kindergarteners go to another hospital."
Yasuko: "And since it's a big room, kids that can't live in a group and kids that mess things up get reported to their parents and sent elsewhere."
Yasuko: "Parents'll complain sometimes, but runnin' a hospital ain't charity work."
Ohhh... Everyone here has some form of illness, so it's not like any one patient can be selfish. And allowing one patient to get their way can have effects on others' treatment and symptoms, too.
Yasuko: "Kids're selfish and try to get stuff out of you by default, so you wanna be on your guard."
Kaori: "......"
306 is a six patient room. The kids probably know that it's IV time, because some of them look scared in their beds, and some of them are straight up missing.
Yasuko: "Goooood morning, everyone! We're going to start from the kid at the very edge, here we go."
Yasuko: "You're first up, Sho. Good morning!"
Sho: "Good morning..."
Yasuko: "Aw, good girl, holding out your arm before I even ask."
Sho: "...Well, I wanna get the pain over with fast."
Yasuko: "Right you are! It'll be over while your eyes are closed, so hang on for me, okay?"
With that, Yamanouchi unravels the tube from the IV bottle and puts the bottle in the IV stand. I cut out four strips of tape like she'd told me before and get ready to hand them over quickly.
Yasuko: "All right, it's going in. And there we go. It's all over!"
Yamanouchi preps in the needle, takes the tape from me, and slips the needle into the little girl's arm without even taking a minute. Wow.
Yasuko: "Does it still hurt?"
Sho: "...No."
Yasuko: "Hit the nurse call if it hurts, all right?"
Sho: "Sure!"
Yasuko: "Good girl, good girl, there we go! Kohaku, you're up next."
Kohaku: "...Wahhh! Wahhh!"
Kaori: "!!"
A girl, presumably Kohaku, starts wailing. Well, that's understandable. Kohaku's on the younger side of elementary school, so I'd imagine thinking about getting stuck with a needle would make her cry.
Yasuko: "Oh, my, Kohaku. What's the matter?"
Yamanouchi peers at her with a soothing voice. Yeah...needles hurt, and they're pretty scary. But it has to be done... And she's such a small child, so she'd definitely cry even if she knows it has to happen. Right then, the girl in the neighboring bed gives Kohaku a gentle hug.
???: "You don't have to cry. It'll just sting for a sec."
Kohaku: "*Sniff*...*sniff*..."
The girl in the neighboring bed...she looks like she's in middle school or so. She puts on a kind smile, sits down on the bawling Kohaku's bed, and gently puts he arm around her shoulder. Then, she holds out her arm for Yamanouchi.
???: "Can you do my IV first?"
???: "It'll be all right, Kohaku -- I'm in the same boat as you. I'll be brave here, so you be brave, too, okay?"
She smiles at us, and she smiles at the teary Kohaku, as well. It's a really heartwarming scene.
Yasuko: "You're such a good girl, Ami! All right, you're getting' your IV first."
Yamanouchi slides the needle into her arm. Then, she quickly secures it with the tape I'd cut.
Ami: "See? Not bad, huh?"
Kohaku: "......"
Kohaku is gritting her teeth and holding back tears. I wonder how Yamanouchi will deal with this while I cut the tape, but......she pulls out a tissue from the bedside, takes the tape I'd cut, and starts making something.
Yasuko: "Can you promise me you'll be brave?"
Kohaku: "Wow, a flower!"
There's a flower made of tissue in Yamanouchi's hand. She puts it on Kohaku's hand while she ties a rubber bandage around her upper arm.
Yasuko: "Now normally I'd give it t'ya after yer brave, but...you're a special girl, Kohaku."
Kohaku: "Thanks!"
Kohaku is distracted by the paper flower. Yamanouchi takes advantage of that opening and puts the needle into her arm. That was...really fast! She flinched just a bit and didn't even cry. Now all that's left is securing it with the tape.
Ami: "Good for you, Kohaku. Nice flower."
Kohaku: "I love it! And it didn't hurt! I want her to give me IV tomorrow, too!"
As Ami pets Kohaku's head, our eyes meet.
Ami: "Um...you're the new nurse, right? You're not going to give people shots?"
Kaori: "Er...well..."
Her sudden question puts me on the spot. Yamanouchi does not let this slip, however, and comes out in between us.
Yasuko: "New nurses have plenty to learn first, so we have them learn all that before they get to do injections."
Ami: "Ohh, I see."
After hearing that explanation, Ami turns to me and smiles.
Ami: "U-Um...do your best, okay?"
That smile warms my heart.
Kaori: "I will!"
Kaori: "That girl just now... she really is the big sister of the group, huh?"
Yasuko: "Oh, that's Ami Asada. She's the oldest girl in the room, and she's a straight-A student in school, too, so she's definitely on top of things."
Kaori: "Is she around middle school age? She seemed kind of young..."
Yasuko: "Ah, I bet she wouldn't wanna hear that. She might not look it, but she's in high school."
Ohhh... She looked pretty young, but she was rather mature... Huh. A high schooler...
Yasuko: "All right, it's bed raisin' time."
Kaori: "Hm?"
Yasuko: "It's lunchtime in about an hour, right? Bedridden patients can't pick themselves up, so we have to adjust their beds."
Kaori: "Ohh, I see."
It's already near lunchtime? And this whole time, Senpai's been listening to the Chief's lectures, so we haven't gotten the chance to work together at all. And we're working in the same hospital, too. Maybe we can work together after lunch?
Yasuko: "Chief! What will we do about Fujisawa's IV's?"
Hatsumi: "I'm sorry, this will take a bit longer, so can you take care of them?"
Yasuko: "Got it! All right, newbie, the beds are all yours!"
Kaori: "Huh?"
Yasuko: "I'll meet up with you after I'm done with the IV's in Fujisawa's rooms."
Kaori: "G-Got it..."
Yasuko: "Oh, and don't just raise the beds as is, y'hear?"
Yasuko: "You wanna make sure they'll have good posture when you crank it up, got it?"
So, I need to think of what they'll be like after I raise the bed... That makes sense.
Kaori: "Got it!"
Yasuko: "Do yer best, all right? I'll be checking after!"
Kaori: "On it!"
====================scr00111.kgo====================
*Sigh*...I'm beat... Being a nurse is way more physically taxing than I expected... Changing diapers, moving people around to make sure they don't get bedsores, moving people to the examination room and x-ray room... You have to move patients around so much... And there's so much paperwork to learn right from the start. The mountain of documents just knocked me out. I worked with Senpai in the afternoon, but since she wasn't used to teaching people, we just ended up being an odd pair. It's a little tough now, but...maybe later on, I'll be able to look back at this and laugh. Yeah. I know I will. And I've got to put in the work to get there!
???: "Kaori, darling!"
Kaori: "Hwaaaah?!"
Someone hugs me from behind. W-Wait, I'm still in my underwear! Did a pervert break in here?!
Nagisa: "Hey, c'mon, it's just me! What's the big surprise?"
I look back and see that Senpai's got her arms around me.
Kaori: "S...Senpaiii..."
Senpai's grinning away, looking so amused you wouldn't think the day's shift exhausted her. And she's already changed into her regular clothes, too! That speed's no joke!
Nagisa: "Hmm? What do we have here, so nice and soft... Wait, Sawai, have your boobs gotten bigger?"
Plush. Senpai has her hands...r-right on my chest...?!
Kaori: "Wh-What're you doing?!"
Nagisa: "Checking to see how you've grown!"
She gropes some more.
Nagisa: "Or did you want me to go under the bra?"
Kaori: "S-Senpai...this is sexual harassment!"
Nagisa: "Me doth think the lady protests too much! C'mon, it's not like you'll run out!"
Kaori: "C-Could you not breathe so heavily on my neck? It tickles!"
Nagisa: "But you really have grown a bunch, Sawai...mainly in the chest. Cue the heavy breathing...!"
She's definitely breathing -- right on my neck!
Kaori: "Ahhh! That tickles!"
Nagisa: "Ahahaha! You're always so fun to tease, Sawai."
Kaori: "Ahhh!"
Nagisa: "Oh, and I'm sorry about today. I've never really taught anyone before, so I wanted to apologize, but..."
Nagisa: "I just couldn't help thinking what would happen with just us together, right in the middle of the ward! Eheheh."
Kaori: "Eheheh yourself, Senpai!"
Kaori: "But...I'm glad things ended well. So, um. Can you let me go now?"
Nagisa: "Yeah, I think so, too. I'm happy with out things turned out."
And she totally ignores how I asked her to let go of me...
Nagisa: "That said, how about we grab some drinks? My treat."
Kaori: "Wait, again?!"
Nagisa: "I'll make sure not to drink too much like last time, honest. And it'll be like my apology, so...please?"
Kaori: "......"
Well, she did say she'd make sure not to drink too much. It should be fine.
Hatsumi: "You've been barely on time for two days in a row now. You've got guts for a newbie, I'll give you that."
Hatsumi: "You know what you should do when you're new? Come early. That's a sign of respect for who you're working with."
Hatsumi: "First of all, opening hours aren't when you're supposed to show up. Unless, of course, you're a skilled enough nurse to get to work the second you step into the nurses station."
I don't want to get chewed out by the Chief again tomorrow, so everything should be okay if I don't drink too much, either! And...I do kind of want to drink now. Yeah, you've got to let loose sometimes!
Kaori: "You know, that sounds great. Let's drink, Senpai -- your treat!"
Nagisa: "Just leave it to my wallet!"
Nagisa: "So Sawai, how long're you planning on staying in your underwear?"
Kaori: "Hwah?"
Senpai's question brings me back to my senses. I'm still as scantily clad as when she hugged me from behind...!
Kaori: "...E-Eeep!"
...Afterwards, we headed to the convenience store to buy drinks and snacks. It's a little out of the way, but the convenience store is brand new and spotless. Apparently, the convenience store was a regular old liquor store until last year. The owner entered a franchising contract, and the liquor shop was reborn as a convenience store. The town didn't have a convenience store until then. All you could do was go one station over or give up on the convenient goods you so craved. Well, it's a country town. It comes with the territory. And what's worse, the liquor store closed at night and had set days when it was closed entirely, making it awfully hard to use on a nurse's volatile schedule. And it came back onto the scene as a convenience store right before I got my job at the hospital! It was fate! I hope this is the start of a long, fruitful relationship.
Kaori: "Senpaiii! Isn't this a little...too much?"
Nagisa: "Well, hey, it was on my yen. And let's live a little, all right?"
Kaori: "But these bags are so heavy I can barely carry them... Did we really need to buy this much at once...?"
Nagisa: "The more drinks, the merrier! Oh, and keep the extras in your room!"
Kaori: "Aw, Senpai!"
As we laugh and head for the elevator.
Hatsumi: "Ahh."
Uh-oh...
Nagisa: "Hey, Chief!"
Kaori: "H-Hello, Chief."
Hatsumi: "Hello, you two. I see you're together after hours, too. Like two peas in a pod."
Wow...the Chief's regular clothes are so...grown up looking...
Nagisa: "Ehehe, we're peas in a pod!"
Nagisa: "O-Oh, we're about to drink in Sawai's room. Would you like to join us, Chief?"
Wait...Senpai, you're just going to ask the Chief to join us? Right here, right now?
Hatsumi: "......"
...Urgh...the Chief's staring right at me... This is kind of...
Hatsumi: "Thanks for the invitation, but I'll have to pass tonight."
Nagisa: "Oh, really?"
W-Wait...did my awkward expression turn the Chief off of joining us...? No way, right? That can't be it.
Hatsumi: "I have a lot of things to take care of. I had to take plenty of paperwork home."
Nagisa: "I see... Aww, I wanted to catch a glimpse of you getting hammered..."
Hatsumi: "*Chuckle* Well, one of these days. See you tomorrow."
Nagisa: "All right, see you tomorrow!"
Kaori: "T-Take care."
Wait, the Chief isn't going to use the elevator?
Nagisa: "*Sigh*... Dumped again..."
Wait, did Senpai just say "again"?
Nagisa: "The Chief's pretty hard to hang out with, so I try to invite her to things whenever I can cook up an excuse to."
Senpai grimaces as she pushes the elevator call button.
Nagisa: "I've had a success rate of zero at this point... I know we can get a little closer if we're someplace with drinks, though!"
Kaori: "Senpai, do you like the Chief?"
I'm surprised at myself for asking. I think that was a little too direct.
Nagisa: "It's more like...I look up to her, I guess?"
Senpai's eyes seem to gaze to some distant object of admiration as a bashful smile comes over her face.
Nagisa: "She'll always cover for us, but she'll never let us do anything for her."
Nagisa: "She was kind of hard to get along with at first and I didn't like her too much, but...the more we worked together, the more I realized that she's a little awkward."
Nagisa: "It's like she's a softy on the inside, but can't exactly show it because she's the Chief? You know what I mean?"
Nagisa: "And isn't there something kind of sad about that? So I make sure to be nice and talk to her after work, but..."
Nagisa: "But it's only my second year here. I'm still new, and I can't quite pull off the level of work she needs, so...maybe that's why she doesn't really talk with me."
As if to shake off that unpleasant thought, Senpai looks up.
Nagisa: "Let's get going, Sawai! Leave that long face behind!"
Senpai... If I could just lighten the burden on her shoulders...!
Kaori: "Yeah, let's drink!"
I smile at her as I pull out my room key, and she grins back at me.
Nagisa: "Now we're talking!"
Kaori: "Yeah! I'm drinking today, and so should you!"
Senpai lets out a satisfied giggle.
Nagisa: "Let's not get the Chief on our case, though. No repeats of this morning."
Nagisa: "Yeesh. Today was harrowing!"
Kaori: "Yeah, nurse calls are pretty scary, huh?"
Nagisa: "And you blew it! 302 was buzzing, but you went and said 301!"
Kaori: "But that worked out, didn't it? Mrs. Amino was about to fall out of her bed when we got there."
Nagisa: "It's great that we kept her off the floor, but we had to make poor Mr. Otai in 302 wait!"
Kaori: "I feel pretty bad for making him wait, but...I don't think you can be too harsh on me after what you did next!"
Nagisa: "Guh!"
Kaori: "Poor Mr. Otai was vomiting, but you didn't do anything, did you?"
Nagisa: "Well, hey, I just...I just really don't like vomit...!"
Kaori: "I don't think anyone likes vomit..."
Nagisa: "W-Well, it makes ME puke! And what about when me puking makes the patient throw up even more?!"
Nagisa: "Just picture it, nurse and patient, making each other puke! An endless vomit cycle!"
...... Senpai is...super drunk, isn't she?
Nagisa: "Enough! That's it, we're done talking about this!"
Uwah... Point. Vomit's probably the last thing you want to talk about when you're drinking.
Nagisa: "When dealing with vomiting patients, a nurse should check the amount and type of the refuse, then the patient's vitals!"
Kaori: "...And you couldn't even do any of that."
Nagisa: "Ahh, don't say it out loud! I'll do better next time, so let's not bring it up!"
Ahh, Senpai! I'm pretty lucky being Senpai's coworker. It means I get to see these surprising sides of her, that's for sure.
Kaori: "Right, right. Let's drink some more, then."
Nagisa: "I'll leave the vomit to you in the future, Sawai!"
Kaori: "Wait, seriously?"
Nagisa: "Ahh, I've had sho much..."
Kaori: "Y-Yeah. Me, too..."
Nagisa: "Hey, uh, I'll leave the ress' of the booze in here, but...don't you drink any without me, y'hear...?"
Kaori: "It's safe with me..."
Nagisa: "There we go! Good girl, Sawai..."
Senpai hugs me tight and strokes my head. She's definitely a big fan of physical contact.
Nagisa: "Well, we're on the day shift tomorrow, so I'm gonna jet..."
Kaori: "Aww, already?"
Nagisa: "Ancient Japanese proverb, all right, be eight-tenths full in all that you do. You gotta end in a way that makes ‘em want to do it again, y’know?"
Nagisa: "And besides, I don't want the Chief to yell at me anymore. I want her to think I'm a good nurse already!"
Kaori: "Ahh. Me too!"
Man, there'd be nothing better than our stern Chief thinking we were good nurses.
Nagisa: "So I'll see you tomorrow!"
Kaori: "All right, see you tomorrow!"
Kaori: "Hm...?"
I come back to my senses and it hits me: My room is a total mess.
Kaori: "...Umm..."
Wait, am I supposed to clean this up all by myself...? N-No way! That's no fair! Senpai, come baaaaack!
====================scr00112.kgo====================
Today's my second day in the ward! It's actually my third day, but I barely worked on my first day, so that doesn't count. But... Even though I worked yesterday, I still have no idea what a normal workday is like. This is totally different from job training back in school. I ran into Senpai when I left the dorm in the morning, so we went to the changing room and the nurses station together. You know...I could get used to this.
Nagisa: "All right, prepare to be instructed!"
Kaori: "Yes, ma'am! L-L-Looking forward to it!"
Nagisa: "No stuttering!"
Kaori: "Ah, sorry!"
Nagisa: "The nurse call's ringing! It's your job to answer it!"
Kaori: "On it!"
So with the nurse call, you push the button near the part that's lit up......and that lets you talk with the patient who called you on the phone-looking thing.
Kaori: "What seems to be the problem?"
Patient: "He's bleeding! He's bleeding!"
Kaori: "Bleeding?!"
Nagisa: "Someone's bleeding?! Where's the call from?!"
Kaori: "Room 303!"
Nagisa: "I'll go ahead, so you bring the cart over!"
Kaori: "Hwah?! Senpai?!"
As I squirm with the nurse call receiver in hand, Senpai rushes out of the nurses station. Um. What was I supposed to do, again? First, I need to hang up the call...
Kaori: "Er... Nurse Fujisawa just left for your room..."
Wait, I'm going, too, right...? Huh? Did Senpai tell me to bring something? There are no nurses in the nurses station I can ask, either... All right, I'll just go to room 303 and come back to get whatever I need. 303 is just right across from the station, too.
Kaori: "Is everything okay...?"
Nagisa: "Ah, you're finally here! All right, hand me the... wait, where's the cart?! Ahh, Sawai, what're you doing?!"
Kaori: "Cart...?"
Nagisa: "The call said he was bleeding, right? Wouldn't you think we'd need a sterile gauze to put on the wound?"
Kaori: "Oh, you're right."
I look at the patient behind Senpai. What was his name again...? Oh, Mr. Toshiru. He has a cognitive impairment, and his family situation has had him stuck in the hospital for a while. But there he is, smiling away.
Toshiru: "It's wonderful to see the young people so full of pep."
Nagisa: "Ahh, this is no time to be smiling, Mr. Toshiru! You pulled out your IV again!"
Toshiru: "My granddaughter kept asking me to teach her how to play cat's cradle!"
Nagisa: "Well, I'm sure she's very glad you taught her! Hmph...you're always asleep in the mornings, so why are you up today, of all days? Hmph!"
So, basically. Mr. Toshiru, who usually sleeps during the morning, happened to wake up for some reason. Then, he thought the IV tube sticking out from his arm was string for playing cat's cradle, and pulled it out... Blood gushed out of the hole the needle left behind, and the patient next to him freaked out and hit the nurse call.
Nagisa: "Come on, Sawai, pull it together! I'll deal with him, so bring the cart over!"
This is the first time I realize what cart Senpai is talking about. She's talking about the aid cart, the one with the gauzes and disinfectants. Ahh, I can't believe I'm this slow...!
Kaori: "I'll get right on it!"
Nagisa: "...*Sigh*..."
Urgh...Senpai let out a massive sigh over her lunch... But there's no surprise there. I really didn't put enough thought into things. Things got even worse after Mr. Toshiru's treatment... There was a nurse call from Mr. Gorin in 302, the patient with kidney stones, but he was in so much pain he couldn't talk. All I could hear from the receiver were groans. I didn't notice that, though, and just kept asking "What seems to be the problem?"
over the call. Senpai told me that he was in too much pain to say anything, and we went to his room. We checked his vitals, prepped doctor-prescribed painkillers, gave him a shot, and then checked his vitals again. When we went to check his vitals yet again when his pain had calmed down, his roommate Mr. Otai started vomiting! Apparently, hearing Mr. Gorin groan in pain in the bed next to him was highly stressful. I really should have just gone to the room right away when I got that call, instead of trying to piece together what was going on first. It's close to the nurses station and wouldn't even have taken five minutes. With that, I left Mr. Gorin's vitals to Senpai and dealt with Otai's vomiting. When I took the vomit out of the room, I heard the call ringing in the nurses station. I didn't want to go into the station with puke in my hands, though. So when I answered the call after dealing with it, the patient yelled at me for taking too long. It was Mr. Ryukaku in 312, the single room. Senpai and I went to the his room to apologize for the late response, but he wouldn't hear us out. He kept yelling to bring him the Chief or Head Nurse. I'd heard he was a stubborn old man, but I didn't think he'd be this bad. I feel bad for being late to the call, but what should I have done? Should I have taken the call with the residue in my hand?
Nagisa: "...Phew."
Senpai doesn't say anything, but I just know that being my preceptor is wearing her out. And the biggest problem is probably my lack of consideration... How can I get better at that...?
Kaori: "Say...Senpai?"
Nagisa: "Hm?"
Kaori: "Um...sorry for making trouble for you."
Nagisa: "......"
Senpai looks a little taken aback at what I said. It looks like I really have been causing trouble for her...
Nagisa: "You don't need to apologize, Sawai. You're new."
Kaori: "But..."
Nagisa: "When you're new, that's just what you do -- you make trouble for your coworkers. And if you feel even a little bad about it, then grow into the job fast and make things easier for me, all right?"
Kaori: "Senpai..."
Nagisa: "And make sure you help the newbie that comes in after you with a smile, no matter how much trouble they make for you!"
Nagisa: "That's how the cycle works. That's part of being an adult."
Kaori: "S-Senpai..."
Senpai's...really cool!
Nagisa: "Eheh. As much as I'd like to talk credit,! that's what the Chief told me last year."
Nagisa: "I made so much trouble for everyone last year that I really can't complain about anything you do, Sawai."
Nagisa: "But, y'know...Sawai, you should think a bit more before you act."
Urgh...
Nagisa: "Mr. Ryukaku was a little awful, but the nurse call is like... our patients' lifeline."
Nagisa: "I don't think it's best to just...ignore a call, when you're right in front of the station."
Kaori: "But I had Mr. Otai's puke in my hand..."
Nagisa: "I would've put it someplace in the hall where no one would step in it and dealt with the call first, I think."
Nagisa: "Or I'd shout to get a nursing staff to take care of it instead."
Kaori: "......"
Ah, I see... So I can put down what I've got on hand, or call for someone's help... I wasn't thinking dynamically enough. I'll do better next time.
Nagisa: "Oh, and when you're dealing with a call,you want to remember the patient's disease and think about what to bring."
Nagisa: "For example, that call we had from 302. You weren't wrong to ask the patient what was wrong, but you need to use your head some more."
Nagisa: "There's only two patients in 302, so the call would either be from Mr. Otai or Mr. Gorin. The former has a stomach ulcer, and the latter has kidney stones."
Nagisa: "Mr. Otai'll generally call because his stomach hurts, or he's about to vomit, or he vomited."
Nagisa: "Mr. Gorin, however, will usually call because his stones are acting up. Kidney stones are insanely painful, so he wouldn't be able to talk even if he managed to make the call."
Nagisa: "So if the patient is just groaning on the other side of the call, you should be able to figure out who it is, right?"
Kaori: "...Ohhh..."
So I should think of who called, first of all... I can't just think that all I need to do is answer the nurse call because it's ringing.
Nagisa: "There's no right answer in nursing. And in the whole medical field, not just nursing, results are everything."
Nagisa: "Even if you go out and do something for the patient's sake, if it doesn't end up as a plus for them, it's wasted effort."
Nagisa: "That's why we need to really use our heads when we work."
Nagisa: "...Though, I took all of that from Yamanouchi."
Kaori: "......"
Nursing...is a lot harder than it looks. And it's not just nursing, either. Working as a whole is seriously tough stuff.
====================scr00113.kgo====================
Kaori: "......!"
Answering nurse calls is my job as a newbie. But...I'm a little scared to answer it... My mind can't help but imagine making more trouble for my patients and coworkers.
Hatsumi: "Sawai, there's a call."
Kaori: "O-Oh, right...!"
305... That's the six patient room that only has women in it.
Kaori: "Wh-What seems to be the problem...?"
Patient: "Um...sorry to bother you, but I've started to feel a tad unwell..."
That voice...that's Mrs. Choto, isn't it?
Kaori: "O-Okay, I'll be right there."
Kaori: "The call was from Mrs. Choto, so I'm heading over there!"
Mrs. Choto has Meniere's disease. I'm sure it acted up on her, making her feel seasick. So what I need to do is take her vitals, and...what else? When I arrive at her room, I see her leaning weakly against her bed frame, emesis basin in hand.
Kaori: "Mrs. Choto, are you all right?"
Choto: "...I'm fine, just a little dizzy..."
When I hear her powerless words, I give her back a good rub. If I remember right, Meniere's gives the patient a sense of vertigo, spells of hearing loss, and ear ringing...right? So, what was the correct way to care for someone with it, again...? Ahh, I can't believe how little I know! I should've studied more in school! It's not too late, so I've got to study up before it is! I've got to at least know about the diseases the patients in this ward have! Otherwise, I can't actually call myself a nurse!
Choto: "...Hm...?"
Kaori: "Mrs. Choto? Is something the matter?"
Choto: "...I'm not sure if this is just my imagination, but...I feel much lessdizzy..."
Kaori: "Hm?"
I stop rubbing Mrs. Choto's back and look at my hand. Wait, is this...
Choto: "The ringing in my ears is much weaker, too. I wonder if it's because you rubbed my back?"
The Japanese word for providing care literally means "to lay hands on,"
said to have come from the practice of putting one's hand where it hurts in an attempt to relieve the pain, even slightly...I think.
Kaori: "Oh, um...I think it's just a coincidence."
Choto: "Well, I'm glad I just happened to get better. Thank you kindly, nurse. I think I'll be asking for your help again sometime...*Giggle*"
My hands... Truth be told, this has been going on for a while. When I touch people where it hurts or pat their shoulders, they'll tell me that eased their pain. It has to be a coincidence, though. I'm sure I just happened to touch them when their symptoms died down. I mean, it's unscientific, isn't it? It's complete happenstance....Total coincidence. Though I do like being thanked...
Kaori: "If you don't mind me, call any time. I'm still new, so there's not much that I can do, but...I want to help however I can."
Choto: "You don't need to be in such a hurry, dear. Just do what you can now, bit by bit."
She repays me with a bright smile. I didn't know being thanked by patients was this...nice.
Choto: "I know you have a very difficult job, but do try your best."
Kaori: "I will! I'll do my best!"
*Giggle So even I get to be thanked by a patient. I've got to study hard, work on my skills, and be a nurse who can help her patients!
Kaori: "I'm back!"
Nagisa: "Sawai! How'd it go?! Were you all right by yourself out there?!"
Kaori: "Y-Yeah. Mrs. Choto's Meniere episode died down."
Nagisa: "...Oh, thank goodness...nothing went wrong."
Senpai was worried about me... Ah, she's so nice...
Hatsumi: "Well, enough chatter, Sawai. Write your report before you forget what happened."
My...report...
Kaori: "Oh!"
Nagisa: "Wh-What?!"
...Oh. Oh no.
Kaori: "S-Senpai...I...forgot to take her vitals..."
Hatsumi: "......"
Nagisa: "Are you kidding me?! How could you forget something so important?! Hmph!"
Kaori: "Uwahhh! Senpai, what am I gonna do?!"
Hatsumi: "...Go back to Mrs. Choto."
With the Chief sighing behind me, I end up leaving the nurses station again, heading for Mrs. Choto's bedside. Senpai, the Chief, and Mrs. Choto must all be utterly fed up with me... Ahh...!
====================scr00114.kgo====================
When I'm on my way back to the nurses station, someone calls to me from behind.
Ami: "U-Um, Miss Nurse!"
Hm? What?
Kaori: "Do you need something, Miss Asada?"
Ami: "Aww...‘Miss Asada’? That makes us sound like strangers! Can you call me Ami, Miss...Sawai?"
I blink a bit when she calls me by name, but... Ahh, she looked at my nametag. I have to say...I heard Ami was a high school student, but when I look at her up close...she honestly looks like she's still in middle school. I wonder if I was like this, too?
Kaori: "Oh? All right, then, Ami it is. Do you need something?"
Ami: "No, I just wanted to say hi. I'm not bothering you, am I...?"
She looks up at me with wide eyes. Ahh...those eyes make me want to forgive just about anything she'll do.
Kaori: "No, not at all. I'm glad you wanted to talk."
Ami: "H-Hey, Miss Nurse, I think you're doing a fantastic job even though you're new..."
Ami: "You're smiling even though you're so busy, and...I feel like watching you'll make me feel better, too..."
Kaori: "..."
I hadn't even thought of what expression I had while I worked. So just working with a smile cheers up our patients, huh...?
Ami: "S-Sorry, I'm really talking out of turn...!"
Ami: "Sorry to keep you from your work! Good luck!"
As her tiny frame hurries back to her room, I quickly call out to her.
Kaori: "I really appreciated you saying that, Ami! You can talk to me anytime!"
Ami stops before she goes into her room and turns back to me with a smile....Aww, she's so cute. When I get back to the nurses station, the Chief is on the phone. And Senpai...doesn't appear to be back yet.
Kaori: "I'm back..."
Hatsumi: "...All right, understood. I'll resubmit it immediately."
...All right, let's get to writing that report...
Hatsumi: "Perfect timing, Sawai."
Kaori: "Hwah?"
Hatsumi: "Sorry, but could you get a container from the examination room and take it to Miss Asada?"
Kaori: "Huh?"
Hatsumi: "We ran a stool culture, but the sample had issues, so we'll need another one."
Kaori: "...Oh..."
Hatsumi: "All you need to do is hand the container over to Miss Asada. She'll know what to do, so you won't have to explain anything."
Hatsumi: "Anyway, it's in your hands."
Though the Chief is usually able to figure out what I'm thinking by the look on my face, she seems to be in a hurry. Without digging any deeper, she rushes out of the nurses station.
Kaori: "Er...so I should get an examination container in the examination room, and give it to Ami...right?"
All right! When I get to the examination room window and tell them I'm from the internal medicine ward, the engineer hands me a small container. It's small and white, about as large as a middle finger that's on the thicker side, and looks like a blood collection tube....For some reason, the engineer looked like he was holding back laughter...I wonder why...?
Kaori: "Excuse me...er, Miss Asada!"
Ami: "Oh, Miss Nurse!"
Ami: "Hey, I told you to call me Ami..."
Oh, that's right.
Kaori: "Ah, sorry, Ami."
Ami: "Personally, I wouldn't mind Amin, either. Doesn't that sound cute? Eheh."
Kaori: "Er, that's a little..."
If there's one thing I learned back in nursing school, it's that patients aren't your friends. If I let myself call her Amin here, the Chief would really let me have it later, I could count on that. Phew...
Ami: "Er...so, Miss Nurse, are you here to test...um, you know, again?"
Hm? "You know?"
I'm not sure what that means, but that second test is what I'm here for.
Kaori: "I brought the tube from the examination room. Know what this is?"
I hand her the tube, and Ami goes red up to her ears.
Ami: "Ahhh! I messed it up the last time I was hospitalized, too!"
Kaori: "Huh?"
Ami opens the tube's lid. There's a stick attached to the bottom of the lid that looks like an ear scoop.
Ami: "I was hospitalized about half a year ago, but...I put it in the wrong hole last time, too, and had to do the test all over again."
Kaori: "...Hole?"
Ami: "When I told the Chief that I might have messed up, she submitted the results anyway, and...it turned out I put it in the front."
For some reason, she's acting awfully embarrassed.
Ami: "Um...I'll bring this to the nurses station later, okay?"
Kaori: "Oh, sure. I'll be waiting in the station, then."
I'm not really sure what she's talking about, but she'll bring the tube over later, right?
Ami: "Th-This is so embarrassing...!"
Kaori: "...?"
Oh, the Chief's back.
Hatsumi: "Did you go to her?"
Kaori: "Yes, I did. Miss Asada seemed to know what to do when I handed it to her..."
Hatsumi: "...But it looks like you didn't."
Gulp!
Hatsumi: "Do you remember what Miss Asada's disease is?"
I think back to what was written on her medical report.
Kaori: "Er...a stomachache, right?"
Hatsumi: "She was hospitalized on April 1st. The same day you started working here."
Hatsumi: "Basically, her initial routine examination isn't finished yet."
Kaori: "Right."
...I don't quite understand...? What's the Chief trying to say?
Hatsumi: "To put it simply, we're still trying to figure out where her stomachache comes from. So, tell me: What generally causes stomachaches?"
What causes stomachaches...?
Kaori: "A-Appendicitis, stomach ulcers...colon cancer...?"
Hatsumi: "You can diagnose appendicitis with a blood test, and stomach ulcers and colon cancers get found in one test with a fiberscope."
Hatsumi: "She's had a history of nephritic syndrome and cystitis, too."
Hatsumi: "Her main issue this time is pain in the lower abdomen, meaning it likely wasn't nephritic syndrome... and we thought her cystitis has relapsed, but..."
Kaori: "It wasn't cystitis, then?"
Hatsumi: "Right. An accumulation of fecal matter was found in her large intestines, so this might just be constipation."
Hatsumi: "But it might not just be constipation, either. That's why we're conducting a stool culture test."
Nagisa: "Oh, you're talking about Miss Asada. It was the wrong hole, right?"
Senpai comes back and joins the conversation.
Hatsumi: "...Fujisawa."
Nagisa: "We can't get a stool sample from her because she's constipated, so we had her put the tube through her anus, but...she put it in the wrong hole."
...Oh. Oh, that's what we're talking about.
Hatsumi: "A young, unmarried woman shouldn't be saying ‘hole’ so much!"
The Chief lightly smacks Senpai with her documents.
Nagisa: "Eep, sorry, sorry."
Wait, is the Chief a little red...?
Hatsumi: "Besides, a surprising amount of people put it in the front. It's somewhere you can't see, after all."
...Really? I guess there are all types of people in the world. I mean, my teachers back in school told me some people couldn't even handle providing urine samples easily.
Ami: "Um, I brought the examination tube..."
Hatsumi: "Oh, you came all the way here, Miss Asada? Thank you."
Ami: "Eheheh, well, I can walk by myself. And you all seemed rather busy, so I didn't want to give you any trouble..."
Hatsumi: "Sorry for putting that on you."
Hatsumi: "Sawai, I'm sorry, but could you hurry this sample over to the examination room?"
Kaori: "Sure thing!"
Ami: "Thanks, Miss Sawai!"
I give Ami a wave when she bows her head and hurry off to the examination room with the sample in hand. I guess getting a sample isn't always easy...
====================scr00115.kgo====================
It's my fourth day since coming to the ward.
Kaori: "......"
Hatsumi: "......"
Er...th-this is awkward... I've got to think of something to talk about...
Nurse A: "Phew...it's finally over..."
The nurse who just came in...she's one of the night shift nurses, right? A part time one? She's stayed here the whole time...? Wow, that's rough.
Hatsumi: "Good work today. Unfortunately, we can't record sterbens during the night shift..."
Nurse A: "No, I know, it's all right. Really, I'm sorry I took so long and interfered with everyone on the day shift. Sorry."
Hatsumi: "You're on shift tomorrow, aren't you? You should hurry home and rest up."
Nurse A: "Thanks, I'll do just that. Sawai, keep at it, all right? See you."
Kaori: "T-Take care..."
I bow as the nurse waves her hand and leaves. Senpai, Yamanouchi, the other nurses and assistants...even the night shift part time nurse is really nice to me. But......I can't remember her name...
Kaori: "......"
Hatsumi: "......"
...Err. What do I do...? The room's just so tense... Well. All of the nursing assistants and nurses, part and full time alike, are very nice to me. There's one person, however, who isn't...terribly warm....It's not so much that she isn't nice, it's more like...well, she acts just a little alienating towards me. This person is none other than the Chief, who's eating her lunch in front of me. There's usually no time to notice it during work, since we're so busy, but on break, when it's just us...I can't hold a conversation with her. At all. And it's super awkward.
Kaori: "U-Um...what's a sterben...?"
Hatsumi: "It means death."
Oh, that's right, the morning report said someone had passed away.
Kaori: "......"
Hatsumi: "......"
We...sure can't talk.
Kaori: "U-Um, say, Chief, when did you start working here?"
Hatsumi: "Isn't there something you should focus on before worrying about people's work history?"
Kaori: "O-Oh, sorry..."
Urgh, it's practically impossible to keep a conversation going... They didn't teach me how to deal with this in nursing school, that's for sure. Ahhh...I should probably avoid going on break with the Chief in the future... But since whoever's free goes on breaks, I can't imagine my selfishness will go over well, and I'd rather not put that kind of pressure on everyone. Hmm... What do I do...?
Hatsumi: "...I think you're doing well."
I doubt my ears for a second. I look at the Chief to see that her chopsticks are stationary as she looks at me.
Kaori: "I am?"
Hatsumi: "Which is why I don't want you to worry yourself with other people's histories and abilities. I want you to focus going down your path."
Kaori: "......"
Is she following up on what she said a moment ago? Is it because I looked disappointed at her cold answer?
Hatsumi: "I'm not the best with words, and nursing is all I really know... so I end up saying harsh things, sometimes. It's honestly nothing to feel down about, though."
Hatsumi: "Instead of feeling depressed that you were scolded, I want you think about why it happened, and put in the effort to make sure you don't get yelled at again."
Hatsumi: "...I probably shouldn't say this, but I'm personally expecting quite a bit from you."
Kaori: "Huh...?"
She expects a lot from me? Really? The Chief?
Hatsumi: "I can't tell you why, but that's the reason I'm hard on you."
Saying only that, the Chief starts eating again. Oh. Wow... The Chief...thinks that about me...? That's...certainly music to my ears.
Kaori: "I'll do my best to meet your expectations, Chief..."
Hatsumi: "People can say they'll do anything."
Urgh!
Hatsumi: "...And I know I shouldn't say that."
Hatsumi: "But I do want you to show me through your work that those aren't just empty words."
The Chief smiles brightly at me.
Kaori: "I-I will!"
All right! I'll work my pants off and grow so much that the Chief'll say I did a good job!
====================scr00116.kgo====================
???: "Yo, newbie! Gotten used to work?"
Kaori: "Ugah!"
Someone smacks me on the back while I'm writing my report. It actually made me cough, but even worse...
Kaori: "Ahh, my temperature chart!"
There's a straight, diagonal line in blue pencil running square along the temperature chart I'd been writing.
Kaori: "Yamanouchi, that was awful..."
Yasuko: "Ah, my bad, my bad! You ain't gotta get so teary eyed -- all y'need is an eraser."
Yamanouchi slips the temperature chart out of my hand and rubs the blue line out with an eraser....She genuinely is a good person. A little eccentric, though.
Yasuko: "Oh, that's right. You set Mr. Otai's IV speed a touch too fast."
Kaori: "I did?"
Yasuko: "See, Mr. Otai's real sensitive. The guy loses it if his IV ends too fast or too slow."
Kaori: "Oh...I'm sorry."
Yasuko: "Normally, you'd get yer preceptor to check that right out, but...Fujisawa's really busy with her own stuff."
Yasuko: "So, hey, whaddaya think of Fujisawa?"
Kaori: "What do I...think?"
I don't know what Yamanouchi is getting at. Does she want to talk bad about Senpai?
Kaori: "Senpai is someone I highly respect and look up to."
Yasuko: "Whoa, whoa, that ain't what I'm getting' at. No need to be on guard, I'm not here to beat up on 'er."
Yasuko: "Fujisawa, bless her heart, she's giving it her all, but...it's just her second year. In my eyes, girl's wobbling on a tightrope."
Yasuko: "Sometimes, she'll be stumbling like there's no tomorrow over her everyday work stuff. And if ya ask me, I think it's too early to make her be someone's preceptor."
Yasuko: "Sawai. Sometimes...you'll hang back in a corner in the station all slack-jawed wonderin' what to do next, right?"
Kaori: "...Well, I won't deny that I do that sometimes, but...but Senpai's...!"
Yasuko: "Fujisawa's doin' well. And don't worry, the Chief and the other staff know that."
Yasuko: "But she's just on her second year -- she's just a slightly better newbie. There's gonna be problems."
Yasuko: "So when she's losin' it, I want you to help her out."
Kaori: "B-But...I'm even more new, what can I...?"
Yasuko: "‘Course, I know that there ain't nothin’ you can do to back her up."
Yasuko: "What I want you to do is...instead of askin' Fujisawa A to Z, try askin' other people with free hands, y'know?"
Yasuko: "‘Cause if you lean on Fujisawa with everything ya got, she’s gonna collapse."
Yasuko: "So try changin' up who you lean on from time to time, so she doesn't keel over."
Kaori: "You mean...ask people other than Senpai sometimes?"
Yasuko: "Not exactly."
Yasuko: "Fujisawa's your preceptor, but bein' your preceptor ain't her only job. You know that, right?"
Kaori: "Right. Aside from teaching me, she's also in charge of a room, and...oh!"
Yasuko: "Ya figured it out?"
Oh...that's right... Senpai has to deal with me while she's doing her regular work, so when it looks like her head's about to burst, I should someone else for help. Yamanouchi is telling me to lower Senpai's load on my own. And if she came out straight and told me not to ask Senpai every question that came to my head, I probably wouldn't be able to ask anyone anything... Which would mean I'd have to make decisions on my own, and that would lead to medical mistakes... But if she hadn't said anything to me, I would get too used to asking Senpai my questions, and would feel really uncomfortable with asking anyone else for help. Yamanouchi wants me to avoid piling up all of my needs on Senpai alone, and diffuse them among her and the other nurses.
Kaori: "You're right! I was actually thinking I wasn't allowed to ask anyone but Senpai."
Yasuko: "Well, the preceptor system is generally man to man. It's not unreasonable to end up thinkin' that."
Yasuko: "When you freak out and want some help, y'don't even know how to ask for help."
Yasuko: "You get used to the place after a few freak outs, but Fujisawa's just on her second year. Teaching a newcomer just ain't in the cards for her, yet...at least, the way I see it."
Yasuko: "So you gotta adjust things yerself. When she looks real busy, try askin' someone else."
Yasuko: "Promise yer big sis Yamanouchi, all right?"
Yamanouchi holds out her pinky finger. Wait. Is this a pinky promise? I look over at Yamanouchi to see she has a devilish grin on her face. When I gently wrap my pinky around hers, she brightly smiles back at me.
Yasuko: "This is a promise between women, ya got that?"
Kaori: "Got it!"
Yamanouchi...she's being considerate of Senpai and me... What a lovely person she is...... The blue line on my temperature chart isn't fully rubbed out, though.
====================scr00117.kgo====================
Nagisa: "...Finally, the day's over..."
Senpai is totally beat. Well, of course she would be. On top of her regular work, she has to take care of me, too. Yamanouchi told me not to put too much pressure on senpai by asking other people for help in the afternoon, but... Urgh...I... I might have asked Senpai for everything.
Kaori: "......"
Hatsumi: "Straighten up your backs, you two!"
Kaori: "Eep?!"
Nagisa: "!!"
That was the sound of the Chief banging on the desk. That scared the life out of me...
Hatsumi: "I know you're tired, but pull it together!"
Nagisa: "Y-Yes, ma'am! Sorry!"
Hatsumi: "Looking tired is only going to worry our patients! And you know what that kind of stress does to the sick!"
...I don't think any patients would be peeking into the nurses station, though...
Hatsumi: "As long as you're wearing that uniform, consider patients' eyes on you at all times!"
Hatsumi: "Don't drop your guard just because you're in the nurses station! You need to keep your wits about you. If you want to let yourself collapse, do it in the break room."
Uwah! Of course the Chief knew what I was thinking!
Nagisa: "Yes, m'am! I'm sorry!"
Hatsumi: "...Very well. And Sawai? Do you understand?"
Kaori: "I-I do! I'll be careful from now on!"
Hatsumi: "Very well. I'll hold you to that."
Kaori: "Yes, ma'am!"
...Urgh. It's like we're in the army... This is a hospital, right?
Yasuko: "Hahaha, what are we, a sports team?"
...Sports team? Is that what we're acting like...?
Yasuko: "Well, I'm out."
Yamanouchi picks up her bag and lightly slides out of the nurses station.
====================scr00118.kgo====================
Nagisa: "Sawai, are you all finished with work?"
Kaori: "Oh, yeah!"
Nagisa: "Then go on ahead. I've still got to finish up my reports."
Kaori: "Then...let me help! I mean, you always help me out."
Nagisa: "...Do I?"
Hatsumi: "How about you take her up on her offer, Fujisawa? You'll just cause trouble for the night shift nurses if you stay back too long."
Nagisa: "You're right... Okay. Sawai, can you take a look at Mr. Ryukaku's urine level?"
Mr. Ryukaku...he had heart failure, right? He's a pretty scary old man, too...
Kaori: "Just his urine level, right? I don't need to take his vital signs?"
Nagisa: "Don't worry, I took his vitals already. Oh, and can you tell me how much of his IV is left, too?"
Kaori: "Got it!"
Hatsumi: "Mr. Ryukaku's very testy, so make sure you say you've come to see him. And try and have some small talk with him, too. He really hates being treated procedurally."
Kaori: "Got it! Thanks!"
Oh...I guess he wants to be treated with a personal touch, which is why he was probably so angry when I made him wait. It's a little late now, but if I'd just answered his call and asked him what he needed, he probably wouldn't have been so cross with me. Because when you actually sit down and talk to him, Mr. Ryukaku's a pretty nice old man. Though I found him quite scary up until a little while ago.
Kaori: "Oh, hello..."
There's a man in the hall staring at me, so I bow my head before going into the nurses station....I wonder if he's visiting a patient?
Kaori: "I'm back!"
Kaori: "His urine level was 850, and remaining IV level was around 50. He'll put in a call when it's about to run out."
Nagisa: "Thanks, Sawai! That helps a lot."
Senpai jots down what I tell her.
Hatsumi: "...In-out, with out being a little small, but a bit better than before. I wonder if the diuretic actually worked?"
Kaori: "...?"
I tilt my head at the Chief's words. In-out? That's the amount that goes out and the amount that goes in, right? Which means that Mr. Ryukaku's urine levels are a little low compared to his water intake? The Chief takes a look at me and chuckles.
Hatsumi: "Do you know why Mr. Ryukaku's urine and IV levels are so important?"
Put on the spot...I probably can't give an answer.
Kaori: "No."
Hatsumi: "You know what Mr. Ryukaku's disease is, right?"
Kaori: "Right, his report says that he has heart failure."
The Chief nods in satisfaction when I answer.
Hatsumi: "Plenty of things can lead to heart failure, but in his case, age has taken its toll."
Hatsumi: "Since his heart function has weakened, you know that means you can't put pressure on it, correct?"
Hatsumi: "When you put water into the IV and increase the fluids in his body, that means his heart is going to have to get pumping to circulate it around his system."
Hatsumi: "The more the heart pumps, the more fatigued it gets, so you can't make the infusion too high."
Hatsumi: "But if you keep the infusion level too low, that would end up dehydrating him."
Kaori: "Th-This is pretty tricky..."
Hatsumi: "That's right, it is. And since Mr. Ryukaku's remaining IV is 50, that means he had an intake of 950 from this morning."
Hatsumi: "If his urine level was 850, a simple calculation shows that 100ml of water is still in his body."
Hatsumi: "Now normally you'd add in the fluid intake from meals as well, but Mr. Ryukaku passed out waste today, so we don't need to be that strict about it."
Oh... It's hard to follow along, but I have at least picked up that it's important to pay attention to in-out.
Hatsumi: "Water remaining in the body is fatal to older people like Mr. Ryukaku."
Hatsumi: "If the remaining water builds up in the cells, it causes swelling, remember?"
Hatsumi: "And if it builds up in the lungs, it causes a pulmonary edema. That's a buildup of fluid in the lungs, so it makes it hard to breathe."
Hatsumi: "Pulmonary edemas lead to pulmonary heart disease. Do you know why?"
Wait, I think I learned about this in school...! But I didn't actually understand it!
Kaori: "Um...I'm sorry, I don't."
When I honestly admit that I don't understand, the Chief looks at me with a warm smile.
Hatsumi: "In front of the lungs are the pulmonary arteries, and in front of those are the right ventricle and right atrium.
Hatsumi: "If the circulation from the pulmonary arteries into the lungs weaken, that starts to slow down other circulation."
Hatsumi: "If the pulmonary arteries' flow from the heart to the lungs slows down, that slows down the blood to the right ventricle, too. This leads to right heart failure."
Hatsumi: "This chain of symptoms is called pulmonary heart disease. You can't heal it with cardiotonic drugs alone, either -- you need to treat the flooded lungs before it'll get better."
Hatsumi: "Mr. Ryukaku's doctor administers drugs to keep him out of pulmonary heart disease and right-sided heart failure territory, and it's our job to follow through on his decision."
Ohh... The more you try to understand it, the more you have to actually know to understand it... Talk about difficult.
Nagisa: "Sorry, Sawai! Can you ask if Mr. Gorin's stone came out or not? He wasn't in his room last time I visited."
Kaori: "He's probably in the smoking area again. I'll take a look!"
Nagisa: "Thanks!"
The smoking area is right outside the outpatient emergency exit on the first floor, so......Hm? The man who passed me on the stairs...wasn't he in the hospital earlier? Am I just imagining things?
Kaori: "Huh? The outpatient ward's a little...loud?"
I can hear the wail of an ambulance approaching. Was there an accident, or something? Or did someone call an ambulance because an elderly person in the neighborhood had a heart attack? When I asked a bored looking Mr. Gorin in the smoking area about his kidney stone, he said it wasn't out yet... He's in the hospital for a rather large kidney stone, but he's almost never in his room. I know he likes his cigarettes, but he could at least try to buck the habit since he's hospitalized.
Nurse A: "Sorry, I'm coming through!"
Bang! Someone pushes my back.
Nurse A: "Sorry!"
I turn around, sticking close to the wall as the outpatient nurse apologizes to me. She hustles a stretcher along down the hall. I was at fault here, for just standing in the middle of the hall when a patient had to be carried through. But...
Kaori: "......!"
I saw it...! The bloody hand hanging over the side of the stretcher. The leg bent in an impossible direction. And the lukewarm stench of...of blood...!
Kaori: "Wh-What..."
Kaori: "......!"
???: "...ai? Sawai?!"
Kaori: "Ah?!"
Hatsumi: "Pull yourself together. The outpatient ward told me an internal medicine staff was sinking into the floor."
The Chief peers into my eyes.
Kaori: "Ch-Chief...!"
I find myself clinging to the Chief.
Hatsumi: "S-Sawai? What's the matter?"
Kaori: "I'm so scared...I'm just...so scared...!"
Hatsumi: "Scared? Did something happen?"
Did something happen...? All I did was catch sight of a bloodied patient being carried on a stretcher to the x-ray room....That's all I saw, but I just can't stop shaking...
Kaori: "Blood...a patient was just covered in blood..."
Kaori: "His hands were so bloody, and his leg was bent, and I could smell the blood...! Ahh, what do I do?! I'm so scared!"
Hatsumi: "This is a hospital. You're going to see accident victims."
Kaori: "But I'm scared! I'm going to end up like that one day...!"
Hatsumi: "Calm down, Sawai!"
The Chief gently hugs me.
Hatsumi: "Calm down, Sawai...that's not going to happen to you."
Hatsumi: "The dorm is close to the hospital. As long as you pay attention, you're not going to get hit by any cars. So don't worry."
She whispers into my ear. Her voice fills my mind...
Hatsumi: "You're just tired from learning your new job. That's why this impossible fear has taken you."
It's like her words are pouring into my cells...
Hatsumi: "Calm down, Sawai..."
The tension gradually leaves me. And when I think about it...I'm not sure why I got so scared.
Hatsumi: "...Feeling better?"
Kaori: "I-I am... Sorry for the trouble."
Hatsumi: "You were taking quite some time, so Fujisawa was worried."
Hatsumi: "And right then, we got that report. Fujisawa went completely pale."
Ah! Mr. Gorin's kidney stones!
Kaori: "I was supposed to help with her records!"
Hatsumi: "Don't worry, she's waiting for you to come back. Well...she just hasn't finished her reports yet."
The Chief giggles. Yeah, she's right...this is a hospital. Accident victims will get rolled in. I don't remember the accident I was in long ago, but I'm probably traumatized when it comes to big injuries or accidents. Perhaps I just never noticed it before, since nothing like that actually happened around me.
====================scr00119.kgo====================
Nagisa: "Sawai, are you ready?"
Kaori: "Yep, ready!"
Senpai and I exchange looks in front of room 306 and nod at each other with big smiles.
Nagisa: "All right everyone, it's IV time!"
The energetic little voices we can hear from outside all stop at once.
Nagisa: "Ah, this happens all the time. Everyone's used to it, right?"
Senpai holds up an IV bottle. I get ready to help her with a smile.
Nagisa: "All right, we'll start with you at the edge!"
With a big, nearly unnatural smile, Senpai holds up the bottle as little Sho desperately closes her eyes.
Nagisa: "Be a big girl for me, okay Sho?"
Since Sho's bed is closest to the door, she always gets the first shot. It looks like she knows how this works, but it doesn't mean she likes it.
Nagisa: "It'll sting a little, okay?"
Sho: "Eep...!"
Nagisa: "It won't hurt at all, not a bit! See, it doesn't hurt at all."
Sho: "I-It doesn't hurt...it doesn't hurt..."
She shudders with her eyes shut tight. Sho knows that if she acts like it hurts, she'll just scare the other kids... That's why she's enduring the pain. What a nice kid...
Nagisa: "Good job, Sho! You're so brave! Now, next up is..."
Kohaku: "A-Ahh! Wahhh!"
The moment she meets eyes with Senpai, Kohaku bursts into tears.
Nagisa: "Oh, er...ahaha, what's wrong? Don't worry, it'll be fine! It won't hurt a bit! You worked really hard yesterday, didn't you?"
Senpai scrambles to pat Kohaku's head as she cries.
Kohaku: "No, I don't want to! I want the nurse from yesterday! Wahhh!"
...She means...Yamanouchi, right? Yeah, she works amazingly well with children. Senpai looks at me with troubled eyes. I don't know what to do either, but maybe if I copy what Yamanouchi was doing, Kohaku'll stop crying?! I can't pull off what she did, but it's worth a try! Yamanouchi made a flower out of tissue paper to distract her while she gave her her shot... But I can't make a flower like that.
Nagisa: "There's nothing to be afraid of. It'll be over before you know it! And you do this all the time, right?"
Kohaku: "No! I don't want a shot!"
Is there anything I can do...? I rummage through my belongings and notice the pen in my apron. It has a cute rabbit character on it. I think this character is popular with kids, so maybe... I pull out the pen and hold it in front of Kohaku so she can see the character.
Kaori: "Hi there! I'm Gaburin! What's your name?"
Kohaku stops crying immediately and stares at the pen.
Kaori: "Will you tell me your name?"
Kohaku: "Ko...Kohaku..."
Kaori: "Kohaku! That's a nice name! And you know, Gaburin wants some friends! Will you be my friend?"
Kohaku stares at the rabbit character, then smiles.
Kohaku: "Sure! I'll be your friend, Gaburin!"
Senpai, now's your chance! The moment I look up, Senpai snaps into action and holds the IV needle.
Kaori: "You're a strong girl, Kohaku. Gaburin loves you because you work so hard!"
Kohaku: "Really?"
As Kohaku stares at the rabbit with shining eyes, Senpai quickly pricks the needle into her.
Nagisa: "And we're done."
Kohaku: "Huh?"
Kaori: "You're so strong, Kohaku! I'm glad we're friends, good job!"
Kohaku: "It's over already?"
Kaori: "Yep! You did a wonderful job!"
Kohaku: "Ehehe!"
Kohaku smiles bashfully. Then, I notice Ami staring at me just past Kohaku.
Ami: "So...I'm next. Isn't that right, Gaburin!"
Er...am I going to have to do my Gaburin routine with Ami, too? The high school student?
Sho: "Hey, I tried hard, too, right?! So that means Gaburin is also my friend, right?!"
Sho is romping about on the neighboring bed.
Kaori: "Of course you did! Kohaku, Sho, everyone -- you're all friends with Gaburin!"
The children laugh in excitement.
Nagisa: "Thanks, Sawai. That helped a lot."
After putting in Ami's IV needle, Senpai pats me on the shoulder in relief. I've really got to pick up a bunch of techniques to distract kids while I give them shots... And when I think about that...wow, being a nurse is a tough job!
====================scr00201.kgo====================
A dark, dark world...            Where am I...?           Am I in an ambulance?     Oh...when I think about it,     I was in a car accident as a kid, wasn't I.     But I don't remember anything from that.     I was still in elementary school and sustained severe     injuries, so my memories got scrambled...and I probably     don't want to remember it, either.  The flurry of confusing events might have made me forget...  or it might have been side effects of the anesthetic.  ...But lately,  I can't help the feeling that  I've forgotten something important.   However, I have no idea what I forgot,   and that just worries me to no end...      That's probably where my androphobia came from, too. My mother tells me that, after my accident, I grew terribly afraid around adult men, but I have no idea why...         ...It just might be...this image,         hiding away in my mind.      This man with a tense, fearsome face is tucked away      in a corner of my head.  I think that man is at the core of my fear  of men as a whole.  I wonder if that terrifying man was in the car that hit me?  Is that why he's stuck in my head...?         But no matter how much I think about it,         I can't remember a thing.         My absent memories provide no answer.        ...But        the fear that bubbles up        from that void just won't leave me...              "Kaori."
            I hear a voice.         It's calling out to me.            ...Who are you?    This isn't the first time you've appeared in my dreams.    Who are you?         "It's okay to forget.          All the pain...all the suffering...          you should just forget about it all."
          What?! I can't do that!        No memories are worth forgetting!      The pain, the hurt...      they're all dear memories to me!              "...Urgh..."
             It...hurts...?         "Ah...mm...!"
               Why?!        Why does it hurt so much...?!         "It doesn't hurt, Kaori.          It doesn't actually hurt."
          "Ah...            it hurts...urgh...!"
             This really, really hurts!           How can you say it doesn't?!           Help! Someone, anyone!              "......!"
Kaori: "*Pant*, *pant*..."
I'm...in my room...?
Kaori: "I had a dream again..."
And what was that dream about, anyway...? Who in the world was that girl talking to me, too? Is it a sign of something?
Kaori: "*Sigh*..."
I take a glance at the clock. It's half past four in the morning. A bit too early to wake up. But I won't be able to fall back asleep given how wide awake I am... What now?
Kaori: "...I sure worked up a sweat."
I'll take a shower, change, and go back to bed. I settle on that and decide to get out of bed.
====================scr00202.kgo====================
Kaori: "...Mm..."
Morning already...? Huh? Morning...? Wait, did I fall asleep again?!
Kaori: "Ahh, I have to go to work!"
What does the clock say?!
Kaori: "Hwaaaahhh?! It's already past ten?!"
I'm late! And not just late, either! Fatally late! Wh-What do I do?! The Chief's going to REALLY let me have it!
Kaori: "...Wait, huh?"
When I imagine the Chief looking at me in cool vexation, I come back to my senses.
Kaori: "Today's the sixth, right?"
I take a look at the work schedule on my wall. It lists everyone's work shifts in clear view. I check the intersection of the date and my name to see what initial is on it.
Kaori: "There's a ‘P' here, so that means I’m off...right?"
I'm not sure why they use this, but the "P"
stands for "public holiday,"
which is what my days off are referred to. Oh, the Head Nurse explained back on Monday when I had my first day on the job... "We're an eight break, four week establishment,"
she said. I asked about it later to hear it meant that we would get eight days off over four weeks. So basically, two days off a week. The hospital world sure has some roundabout terms... I run my eyes over Senpai's name and track her row to the present day.
Kaori: "Today, Senpai's got...‘A,' so she’s on the day shift."
"A"
is for afternoon, or the day shift, while the night shift is indicated by "I"
and "O"
the next day. "I"
stands for when you go in to the night shift, and "O"
for when you get out the next day. The night shift starts at 4:30PM and lasts until 9:30AM the following day. There's two hours of nap time included. During the night hours, everything falls on the night nurses to deal with......And I'm going to end up on the night shift some when I get a little more accustomed to the job...
Kaori: "Am...am I going to be okay?"
I let myself worry in front of the work schedule on my wall for a bit. Then, I notice something blinking in the corner of my eye.
Kaori: "Oh, I've got a message."
I flip open my phone and check my messages. There's two from Senpai. The first one is one saying good morning. The second...
Kaori: "...‘Working without you at my side just isn't enough. I miss you so much I can't stand it, Kaori!’...?"
Kaori: "...Er, Senpai...?"
Kaori: "Uhwah?!"
The phone shuddered in my hand.
Kaori: "Another message?!"
It's another one from Senpai.
Kaori: "Er...‘The last message was a joke by Yamanouchi!’, huh? Haha."
Yeah, that makes sense. Senpai wouldn't call me "Kaori."
It kind of made my heart leap, though.
Kaori: "I've got to send her a message back, though! Er..."
Kaori: "‘Good morning. I just woke up. My heart pounded a bit when I saw your message.’ And..."
Kaori: "‘Try not to give me a heart attack first thing in the morning!’ And there, send."
Now then. Since I've got the day off and I'm still a little tired...and since I had a really weird dream this morning, I'll catch a little more sleep. I can't hang out with Senpai either, since she's at work....Hm? Wait, she's at work now, right? Are things slow enough for her to send messages? I guess I'll send her a message later and ask... But for now, I feel kind of tired...
Kaori: "...I sure did sleep..."
Kaori: "Oh, I've got a message."
Kaori: "Let's see... ‘The Chief yelled at me because of Yamanouchi. She chewed me out for being on my phone during work...’ ...Ahhh."
Yeah, there's no way the Chief wouldn't get mad at her for being on her phone at work. Sorry, Senpai...
====================scr00203.kgo====================
Yasuko: "Cheers, to the new nurse in the internal medicine ward!"
Nagisa: "Cheers!"
Kaori: "Ch-Cheers..."
After waking up from my impossibly long nap in the evening yesterday, I found a message from Senpai waiting. It said that they were having a welcome party for me tomorrow. It would be in a bar near the hospital. Attendance would be free. According to Senpai, events like this were under "station expenses."
If we didn't have enough money, the Head Nurse and the doctor would cover us themselves.
Yasuko: "Thank you for working up the energy to attend our little get together! Eheh."
Yasuko: "Today's food and drinks are covered by station expenses, so Doctor Ono and Head Nurse Tokiwa will cover what we can't. Let's give them a round of applause, everyone!"
Wow, they're actually going to cover us! I kind of only half believed it when Senpai told me, but the doctor and Head Nurse are actually going to cover us. Are they rich, or something?
Yasuko: "So with the exception of the night shifters, those with small children and people with dates, pretty much everyone is here!"
Yasuko: "We'll only have another get together like this for our end of year party, so you really want to take advantage of the free food and drinks!"
A few of the nurses grimace. Yamanouchi doesn't exactly grasp the concept of a filter, does she... Though on the positive side, I suppose you could say she's...honest?
Yasuko: "So, does anyone want to come up and say something with the mic?"
...Silence. I mean, there's only a dozen people here. Would anyone really want to go as far as using the mic to say what they have to say?
Yasuko: "Since there are no takers, we'll move right onto introducing the newest member of the ward staff!"
Yasuko: "Here's the rookie everyone's got their eyes on, Miss Sawai! And now, surprise surprise, it's time for an on-the-spot interview!"
Wait, I'm getting interviewed all of a sudden?! No one told me this would happen!
Nagisa: "Don't just sit there, stand, stand!"
At Senpai's urging, I stand up. Everyone's eyes are on me...and I can't help but feel embarrassed.
Yasuko: "Good evening! So, Sawai, let's hear your full name!"
Kaori: "Um...g-good evening. My name is Kaori Sawai, and I've just joined the internal medicine ward."
Yasuko: "Stiff, newbie, really stiff! You the shy type?"
Kaori: "It's more like...I'm a little stunned since I didn't get the chance to prepare."
Yasuko: "And so honest, too! Well, it's question corner time. Could you tell us why you decided to be a nurse?"
Oof! There it is, the question you run into when you're new anywhere! Come to think of it, I heard this one a lot back when I was in nursing school...
Kaori: "Er, well...when I was little, I was severely hurt in an accident, but survived...so I was hoping to use my life to help someone...else..."
Hatsumi: "......"
Huh? The Chief is looking at me like she wants to say something... Wonder what it could be?
Yasuko: "Now that's a noble reason! A huge difference from some of us who're just in it for the money -- namely, me! Lend me a page from your book, would ya?"
We all laugh.
Nagisa: "Oh no, Yamanouchi's going to get her fangs in you, Sawai! Quick, run!"
Yasuko: "Hey, pipe down! Don't scare off the newbie!"
Another wave of laughter. Yamanouchi really knows how to move the mood... The party starts on smoothly, with Senpai jumping on the openings Yamanouchi makes for her. I've got to do my best, too! I want the staff here to acknowledge me as one of them as soon as I can!
Yasuko: "Now that said, let's have our new member steel herself and sing us a song!"
Kaori: "Huh?!"
No one told me I'd be singing!
Yasuko: "And you ain't gonna say no, right?"
Kaori: "I'll...I'll sing..."
Urgh...well, if the mood demands that I sing...!
Nagisa: "So, what'll you sing? I'll punch it in for you."
Kaori: "Er, I'll sing Little Wing, then..."
Yasuko: "Wow, now that's a song only a true fan would know! Remind me to grab a drink with you sometime, Sawai!"
Kaori: "Huh?"
A song only a true fan would know... Is this song that much of a hidden gem?
Kaori: "Well, I just picked it up from a friend who used to sing it a lot from my nursing school days..."
Nagisa: "Ah, that'll happen. You just pick up songs from karaoke sometimes."
Yasuko: "Tch, got my hopes up."
Nagisa: "That was lots of fun, huh Sawai!"
Kaori: "Yeah!"
Right after the party ended, Yamanouchi hurried home after getting an emergency message. The other staff don't live in the dorm, so they headed for the station after exiting the bar, leaving Senpai and me behind alone. Things were so loud and exciting, and now...silence. Sudden silence. The staff members who live in the dorm are Yamanouchi, who hurried home, Senpai, myself, and...the Chief.
Kaori: "Hey, where's the Chief?"
Nagisa: "I think she's probably back at the ward."
My eyes go wide when I hear that.
Kaori: "W-Wait, did she have another shift?!"
Senpai just giggles at that, though.
Nagisa: "No, no, you've got it all wrong. The night shifters couldn't come to the party, right? So she went to deliver them some goodies."
Kaori: "Ohh..."
Nagisa: "She may not come across as the warmest person on earth, but she is extremely considerate."
Nagisa: "You were probably too nervous to notice, but during the party, she was cleaning up plates, doling out food...just helping out a lot!"
Kaori: "Oh, I didn't know..."
I hadn't noticed at all.
Nagisa: "She probably sees Yamanouchi as the front of the operation, keeping everyone happy and excited, while she maintains the balance behind the scenes."
Nagisa: "And that's not something just anyone can do, you know? Working in the back like that without people noticing."
Nagisa: "If I were as considerate as the Chief, the person I would like to probably pay attention to me..."
Kaori: "Hwahhh?! Senpai, there's someone you like?!"
Nagisa: "Whoa, whoa! Forget I said anything! Pretend you didn't hear!"
There's someone in Senpai's heart...?
Kaori: "I hadn't noticed at all!"
Nagisa: "H-Hmph! Shhh! Shhh!"
Kaori: "I'm on your side, Senpai! I'll be with you every step of the way, so let me know if you need anything!"
Nagisa: "H-Hey, listen..."
I can't believe she had such a painful romance going on, waiting for her beloved to notice her existence...
Nagisa: "...Well, whatever. It's my fault for drinking too much."
Kaori: "Senpai?"
Nagisa: "Nothing, nothing! We've got work tomorrow, so let's head home and sleep!"
Kaori: "Yeah! I don't want the Chief railing into me for oversleeping again!"
I didn't get to speak with the Chief at all during tonight's party, but I'm sure I'll get chances to get closer to her later. So I've got to do the work I can now! I'm doing my best tomorrow!
====================scr00204.kgo====================
Today's the start of my second day on the job! There's still not much I can do, but I at least want to support the other staff! Like, I can clean up the desk if it's a bit messy, or be the first one to take a nurse call.
Kaori: "Hello, what seems to be the problem?"
...... Hm? There's no answer. When there's no answer on the other line, it might mean they accidentally pressed the button, but I've got to go check anyway!
Kaori: "There's a call from 302, but they're not answering."
Yasuko: "No answer, huh?"
Huh?!
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi, that was inappropriate."
Yasuko: "Eheheh, my bad, my bad."
Kaori: "Um, I'll be going to 302 to check up on him!"
Yasuko: "Hope he's not dead!"
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi!"
The Chief and Yamanouchi were saying something, but it's not directly related, so I'll just ignore it...!
Kaori: "I'm sorry, I'm here to check up on the c...!"
My eyes shoot open the second I step inside. Mr. Otai is curled over on his bed, vomiting.
Kaori: "Mr. Otai, are you all right?!"
I rush up to him and stroke his back. What do I do at times like these? As a nurse? Er... This is the second time I've helped a vomiting patient, but I can't use last time's experience at all! What do I do...?! Senpai, help...!
Nagisa: "Hey, Sawai, are you... !! Are you all right?!"
When Senpai comes in and sees Mr. Otai puking, she runs up to me.
Kaori: "S-Senpai, what should I do...?"
Nagisa: "E-Er...have you taken his vitals already?"
Kaori: "I came empty-handed..."
Nagisa: "Then I'll go get the blood pressure meter, so take care of Mr. Otai for me!"
With that, Senpai bolts out of the room. Ahh, that doesn't tell me what I need to do! Um... All right, I'll just rub his back for now, I guess...? Yeah...that's about all I can do. Mr. Otai pulls himself up.
Otai: "...I'm...I'm all right now..."
His voice is quiet and his face pale.
Otai: "...I'm glad you came. Rubbing my back like that really made me feel better..."
He smiles brightly at me.
Otai: "I'm sorry I messed up the bed, though..."
Kaori: "N-No trouble at all! I'll change the sheets right away!"
I fold over the dirtied comforter and hide Mr. Otai's refuse. Er...what else can I do...? Wahh! Senpai, hurry back!
Nagisa: "All right, I'm back! I'll take your blood pressure right now!"
Senpai takes Mr. Otai's blood pressure. As she takes care of that, I pick up the dirtied comforter and go into the hall.
Nursing Staff: "Hm, Sawai. What's the matter? Why the comforter?"
Kaori: "O-Oh, well, Mr. Otai vomited..."
Nursing Staff: "He did? I'll bring over a new one, then."
Kaori: "Huh? I was just going to change the sheet on top of it..."
Nursing Staff: "Well, if he vomited on the comforter, it's probably seeped through pretty deeply by now, right? Would you want to keep using something like that, Sawai?"
She...she has a point. I hadn't actually considered that.
Nursing Staff: "I'll take it to get thoroughly cleaned out. Oh, and you want to leave this kind of stuff to us staff -- you've got nursing stuff to do, right?"
Kaori: "Th-That's right..."
The nursing staff takes the comforter and walks off.
Kaori: "But what nursing stuff do I have to do now...?"
I know that she didn't mean anything bad by that. Really, I do. And I know she was being nice to me, of course, but... I'm still new here, so I don't know what other "nursing stuff"
I need to be attending to.
Nursing Staff: "Sawai, what are you doing in the hall?"
The same staff comes back with a new comforter in hand.
Nursing Staff: "*Giggle* Were you waiting on the new comforter to come? Well, here you go."
She hands it to me.
Nursing Staff: "We can't afford to have our patients get cold! Make sure you tell him to warm up, okay?"
Kaori: "Oh, uh...s-sure, thank you..."
The nursing staff walks off without waiting on my answer. She looks pretty busy... With the fresh-smelling comforter in my hands, I go back into the room.
Nagisa: "......"
Nagisa looks a little pale as she writes down notes on the back of her left hand. When I put the comforter on Mr. Otai, she stands up looking even more pale.
Nagisa: "His blood pressure's gone down a...urgh!"
Kaori: "Senpai?!"
She all put pushes me out of the way as she dashes out the room.
Kaori: "S-Senpai?!"
Mr. Otai's eyes widen from under the new comforter.
Kaori: "I-I wonder what happened to her? Uh, Mr. Otai, just give us a nurse call if anything else comes up, okay?"
He weakly smiles and bows his head. Huh? Senpai isn't here? I thought she would've dashed back to the nurses station... And here I thought she had to finish a report, or something.
Yasuko: "Ah, Sawai, you're fine?"
Kaori: "Y-Yes?"
Fine? ...Why?
Yasuko: "Fujisawa was pukin' her guts out in the bathroom a second ago."
Kaori: "!!"
She...did say she couldn't hold it in...! I didn't know what she couldn't hold in, but...oh. I guess now I do...
Nagisa: "A-All right, I'm back..."
Yasuko: "Fill up the pot on the way here?"
Nagisa: "Unfortunately..."
Yasuko: "Well, when ya think about how a certain someone blew it all on the floor in front of the patients last year...I'd say this ain't half bad."
Nagisa: "...Please don't bring that up..."
Th-That happened to Senpai last year...?
Yasuko: "Be real nice if ya could figure out how to quit barfin' when you see people pukin'."
Nagisa: "If there's some sort of medicine or trick to it, I'd love to know about it."
Hatsumi: "Enough chatter; get to work, all of you!"
Yasuko: "Whoops, headin' out on room patrol!"
Yamanouchi lightly slides out of the room. I think about what I need to do next, and...
Kaori: "Oh, I've got to write my reports..."
Nagisa: "Sorry, Sawai. Can you write this up?"
Senpai copies over the notes from her hand onto a piece of paper and hands it to me. Then, she staggers out of the station with a pale face. Senpai...are you going to be okay...?
Hatsumi: "You, too, Sawai! Eyes on your report and get to work. Time is ticking."
When the Chief scolds me, I scramble to pick up Mr. Otai's report.
Kaori: "S-Sorry, I'll get right on it!"
Hatsumi: "That frailty of Fujisawa's is going to be fatal..."
The Chief murmurs to herself while I write my report. Fatal...? Is it because I'm being useless and putting too much pressure on Senpai? Why...why am I so useless? Is it because I haven't tried hard enough? I thought I was working pretty hard, but maybe I need to push myself even more...
====================scr00205.kgo====================
Come to think of it. I think the posters that are always in the hall are really cute. And there are pictures of popular cartoons and game characters in 306, the children's room. Does the hospital get those from professionals?
Kaori: "I'm back."
Yasuko: "Oh, welcome back."
Yamanouchi is facing the nurses station desk. I think she's writing reports at first glance, but when I get a little closer...
Kaori: "Ahhh...!"
Yasuko: "Wh-What's gotten into ya?!"
Yamanouchi jumps a little. How could I keep quiet? She's got a marker in hand, but she's not writing, she's...!
Kaori: "Those are the posters in the hall!"
Yasuko: "Hm? Oh, yeah, they're mine. Pretty good, ain't they?"
She puts the cap on her marker and grins.
Kaori: "That's amazing! I thought a professional drew those!"
Yasuko: "Haha, don't stop there! Keep the compliments comin'!"
Kaori: "You're absolutely, positively amazing! I almost can't believe your art is so great!"
Yasuko: "And it ain't just pictures, either. Go ahead 'n open up that cabinet."
Kaori: "Which?"
Yamanouchi points with her marker to a document drawer in the bookshelf.
Yasuko: "Right there. Check out the pamphlets in the DM guide stuff."
Kaori: "DM? Direct message?"
Yasuko: "What'd they teach you in school, anyway? Ain't nobody need a guide for messaging people; I'm talkin' about diabetes."
Yasuko: "It's Latin. Diabetes Mellitus -- piss as sweet as honey."
Kaori: "Ohh..."
I open the drawer labeled "Diabetes Information."
As I flip through the organized stack of paper, I find...manga?!
Kaori: "Yamanouchi, you draw manga, too?!"
Yasuko: "A bit here 'n there."
Kaori: "That's amazing! You're like a real pro!"
I give the comic a skim to see that it's a cute girl and a beautiful nurse talking about diabetes. The fact that it's a comic makes it easy to read, and since it doesn't use any complicated medical terminology, it's not hard to understand, either. There's a pamphlet for more senior patients, too, with larger fonts and informative illustrations. She makes these with her audience in mind...and that's quite impressive. I go through her creations in admiration, but stop when I flip through a certain booklet.
Kaori: "Hm? What's this? ‘Diabetic Periods Made Easy With Manga’...?"
Yasuko: "It's for adults!"
Kaori: "...Y-Yeah...?"
The nurse in the miniskirt is awfully sexy...
Yasuko: "If there's manga for kids and old people, I've gotta make stuff for adults, too, y'know? Can't go discriminatin' and being ageist. That would be wrong."
...Is that the issue, Yamanouchi...?
Yasuko: "And besides, lost sexual potency is one o' the symptoms of diabetes! It gives many a young man troubles like you wouldn't believe."
...Oh, that's what she means. I flip through the book to see that it's...mostly about sex. And when I think about it, this stuff would probably be hard to just explain to a patient face-to-face. And the characters in this comic talk about breasts way too much! I mean, women's chests are appealing even to me, and just looking at them makes my heart race......Wait, where is my mind going?!
Kaori: "Th-This sure looks informative for our patients!"
Yasuko: "Yep, and that's why I draw 'em."
She sounds as confident as can be.
Kaori: "This is so cool... I wish I had a special talent like this, too. And I love reading manga, myself..."
Yasuko: "You're a comic fan, too, Sawai?"
Yamanouchi asks me as she twirls around the marker with her fingers.
Kaori: "Me? Yeah, I read quite a bit."
Yasuko: "What kind?"
Kaori: "I mostly read shojo manga, but I do read a lot of shonen manga, too."
Yasuko: "Oh yeah...?"
Saying just that, Yamanouchi looks back down at her paper. Huh? I-Is that all the reaction I'm going to get?
Yasuko: "...You seriously have time to hang around here?"
That's when I notice.
Kaori: "Ah!"
I came here to get the blood pressure meter! As Yamanouchi giggles away, I grab the meter and start heading out of the nurses station.
Yasuko: "Hey, if you're interested, how 'bout you come see how manga gets made?"
Kaori: "Huh?"
Yasuko: "I'm askin' if ya can help out a bit when I'm drawing manga or pictures."
Wait, she wants me to help out with those superbly created posters in the hall?!
Kaori: "I'd love to!"
Yamanouchi nods with a bright smile. Oh man, I can't wait!
====================scr00206.kgo====================
I've finished up my vital checks, so now I just need to do my report... I'm not looking forward to it at all... Writing reports is still a task I'm nowhere near mastering. I mean, I just can't write them well. How am I supposed to pen a record that anyone would understand easily? I haven't even fully grasped the patient's conditions yet; how could I possibly write a report that the Chief and Senpai would accept?!
???: "Miss Nurse!"
Someone hugs me from behind.
Kaori: "Hyah?! O-Oh...! Miss Asada!"
Asada: "Ah, there you go again, calling me Asada! You're supposed to call me Ami, remember?"
Kaori: "Y-Yes... Sorry, sorry."
Ami: "I wouldn't mind if you called me Amin, either."
Kaori: "Ah, that's a bit much..."
If the Chief overheard me calling her that, she'd really let me have it for being buddy buddy with a patient...!
Ami: "Say, Miss Nurse? Your name's Sawai, right?"
Kaori: "Oh, I haven't actually introduced myself yet, have I? My name's Kaori Sawai. Pleased to meet you."
When I bow my head, a shining, childlike smile comes over Ami's face.
Ami: "Great to meet you, Miss Kaori Sawai!"
Ami: "Nickname, nickname... Ah! I think ‘Kaorin’ would work!"
K-Kaorin?! Excuse me?!
Ami: "Good to meet you, Kaorin!"
Kaori: "S-Sure, good to meet you."
...I'm not sure why, but my face is all tense... Is this a generation gap...?
Ami: "*Giggle*, ‘Kaorin'...I really like that name! C’here, gimme a hug!"
She throws her arms around me. W-Wait, what?! Why's she hugging me?!
Ami: "Hey it's no fun if it's one-sided! Kaorin, you gotta hug me, too!"
Kaori: "U-Uh, sure..."
I put my arms around her frame, which is just a little shorter than mine. Slender shoulders, a delicate back, and beautiful shoulder bones ascending from it... It feels like if I push too hard, she'll shatter...
Ami: "...Kaorin, you...smell really good..."
Kaori: "R-Really?"
I can't really tell how I smell, but......hearing that is just a little embarrassing.
Ami: "...Can we stay like this a little longer, Kaorin?"
Kaori: "Huh...?"
Ami: "...I...I ended up in the hospital right after getting into school, so I'm really hungry for a friend's warmth."
Kaori: "Ami..."
Ami was hospitalized from April 1st, right? Which means that she hasn't gone to school, even though the new school term's just begun... And her medical report said that she'd been hospitalized twice last year, too.
Ami: "It's not that I'm lonely. The nurses here are friendly, and my doctor treats me well."
Ami: "...But sometimes I worry if it's okay for me to just...be here like this. O-Oh, only sometimes, really!"
So even ever-cheerful Ami is worried about her long hospital stay... I just wish there was something I could do for her...
???: "...What are you doing?"
Ami: "Oh, it's the Chief! Hiii!"
Hatsumi: "Hello, Miss Asada."
Ami: "Aww, Chief, you're supposed to call me Amin!"
A-Ami?! And the Chief is crazy strict, too. What a brave girl!
Hatsumi: "My, what a spoiled little girl you are, Amin. Good evening, Amin. You'll catch a chill out here in the hall, so why don't you head back to your room for the night?"
Hatsumi: "All righty! See you, Chief! And hang in there, Kaorin!"
Ami pulls away from me with a smile on her face and heads back to her room. Now, as for me... I...can't help but worry about the Chief's eyes on me.
Hatsumi: "...Go ahead and win Miss Asada over, but you don't want to hug in the hallway. People walk through here."
Kaori: "S-Sorry..."
Ignoring me as I apologize, the Chief heads off into the nurses station. Urgh... I'm not on her best side, am I...?
====================scr00207.kgo====================
_RE
Kaori: "*Yawwwn*... Mmm..."
I absolutely adore lazily rolling around in my nice, soft bed. I'm off today. One of the best things about being a nurse is probably how you get to just lie around on the weekdays, when everyone else is working. Though you do have to work your butt off when everyone else is resting.
Kaori: "Nnn...*Giggle*"
After enjoying as much of the covers' warmth as I can, I slowly pull myself up. I can laze around in bed all day, but I kind of want to stretch my legs a little today and go out into town. I mean, the only shopping I've done since I started working is at the convenience store. And I just can't have that. If I don't peek into a couple cute stores and enjoy me some shopping, my girlishness will wither away! The closest large town to Yurigahama is Kanakura, famous for being an old, storied town. It's two stations over from Yurigahama Station if I ride the Konoshima line. All right, time to change and get shopping!
Kaori: "I forgot just how great shopping could be...!"
I can feel my empty girl gauge filling up more and more! I buy a handy, cute and portable mirror, a spring skirt, a dress I can start wearing once summer comes around, and enjoy some window shopping as I nibbled on my crepe. Then, I stop.
Kaori: "...I think the others will be thrilled if I come back with a souvenir!"
All right, that's what I'll do! Let's check my budget... I open up my wallet.
Kaori: "...U-Urgh..."
I bought...way too much for myself. And my wallet's looking awfully lonely. I could head to the bank and withdraw some money from the ATM, but...that would put me in dire straits until next payday! ...What do I do?
Kaori: "Hmm...I want to thank everyone, though... Hmm..."
Kaori: "Ah!"
I just had a good idea! I'll buy a decent amount of treats for everyone, and get a bit of a present for the one who's helped me so much!
Kaori: "I might be pretty smart!"
And I can get the others presents after my next payday! But...there's a bit of a problem. Who am I going to give my first present to? Chief Hatsumi. Nagisa Senpai. Yamanouchi.
Kaori: "I think I should start with the Chief, since I'm always making trouble for her. It'll be like my apology!"
...I wonder what she'd like to get?
Kaori: "All right, let's go over what we know about her..."
She's super serious...strict at work...doesn't talk too much... But she's also surprisingly nice. I feel like if I had an older sister, she'd probably be like the Chief. I don't have an older sister, though. But I do have a younger one! Am I a good older sister to her, come to think of it...? It's probably that uneasiness that makes me want to be a big sister like the Chief is...and kind of think of her as my own.
Kaori: "What would a big sister like...?"
I don't know much about the Chief's private life, but I do get the feeling she'd like something she could use during work. What would a nurse need? Er...a stethoscope? Or perhaps a pen, or something?
Kaori: "Yeah, a pen wouldn't get in the way and it'll come in handy at work, so I think she'll like it!"
And come to think of it, the shop I bought the mirror from was selling some cute pens! I could get her one of the cute chipmunk pens! Or maybe she'd prefer one with a bear? Oh, a black cat one would be great, too! I can't wait to go back and check!
Kaori: "Let's go!"
I hope the Chief likes it... Or at least doesn't throw it back at me.
Kaori: "I think I've got to give this one to Senpai. This might be the first present I've given her since we reunited!"
I know that Senpai will like anything I give her, but I want to give her something she'd like best. I wonder what I should get her? What would a cheerful, hard worker like Senpai want? Maybe she'd like something that happened to match with something of mine.
Kaori: "Or maybe I could get us a matching pair of something new all together?"
Wait, I already have something! I got a cute mirror just big enough to fit into my uniform pocket! And there were a bunch of different colors, weren't there? And I'd really love it if we could fix up our makeup with matching mirrors over lunch break! I'm excited just thinking about it! Like, Yamanouchi would tease us for having the same mirror, and then we'd exchange grins...! Yeah, I can just see it now!
Kaori: "That's what I'll go with!"
I know Senpai'll like it!
Kaori: "Hmm...maybe I'll start with Yamanouchi? I mean, she is going to let me help her draw her manga and stuff later."
I'm not exactly plotting to get on her good side and hear her trade secrets, but she's always helping me out, much like Senpai. I want to take the chance to show her that I'm not just a needy newbie, and that I can be considerate, too...
Kaori: "Pictures and manga, huh..."
You can't see stuff drawn in pen from afar, and permanent marker tends to splotch up the little details. I want something more vibrant... Like a colored pencil... Oh! The shop I bought my mirror at also had a set of thirty mini colored pencils for sale! They're not like the super expensive things you'd use in an art class, so they're well in reach!
Kaori: "All right, I'll go with those!"
I wonder if Yamanouchi'll use them? Oh, I hope she will!
Kaori: "*Giggle*...I bought a lot of stuff..."
There's a special kind of excitement that comes with shopping! And buying sweets for the nurses station and a present just makes me even more excited. It'll be a bit tough until my paycheck comes in, but I'm not worried about that at all! Oh, I just can't wait for tomorrow!
====================scr00208.kgo====================
Kaori: "Coming!"
???: "It's me!"
Hey, that voice...!
Kaori: "Come on in, Senpai!"
Nagisa: "Don't mind if I do."
Kaori: "Welcome! Sorry it's so small."
Nagisa: "Small? You mean about the same size as my room."
Kaori: "Oh, you're right."
For some reason, just having Senpai come over is tons of fun. Though my general excitement probably explains that. I mean, I finally became a nurse like I'd always dreamed, and I just happened to meet Senpai at my new workplace... How could I not be over the moon?
Nagisa: "Your head's so high up in the clouds, Sawai. Have you really not grown much since high school?"
Kaori: "H-Hey, that's mean! I'll have you know I grew just a little!"
Nagisa: "Oh yeah? Like where?"
Senpai is grinning away.
Kaori: "Hmph! Since you're being so mean, Senpai, you're not getting any of this!"
I show off a chilled can of beer.
Nagisa: "Ah! S-Sorry! I was just kidding, I promise! It was a joke, no need to hold back the booze!"
Kaori: "Senpai, you're so fickle..."
Nagisa: "Ahaha, you're so nice, Sawai! That's what I love about you!"
Kaori: "You're going to have to try a lot harder than that to fool met."
Nagisa: "Hey, that hurts, Sawai! Are you going to just stomp on the loving heart of this pure maiden like that?"
Kaori: "You mean the plotting heart that just wants this beer?"
Nagisa: "Tch, you've gotten sharper. Anyway, let's crack 'em open!"
Nagisa: "To another day of work survived! Cheers!"
Kaori: "Cheers!"
I take a big swig of my beer. Senpai is also wolfing hers down.
Nagisa: "Phew! Nothing like a cold one after a hard day's work! It's like this moment is what I've been working all day for!"
She just looks so happy.
Kaori: "Senpai, you totally act like an old man sometimes..."
Nagisa: "Hmm? You've gone and caught yourself a young maiden and you're likening her to an old man?"
Kaori: "I-I didn't say anything!"
Nagisa: "Oh yeah? Well, that aside, I had a question. Sawai, why'd you come here?"
With the ball suddenly bouncing into my court, I look at Senpai in surprise.
Kaori: "...You mean, why did I become a nurse?"
Nagisa: "No, not that. I mean, why'd you come to internal medicine?"
Kaori: "Well, no reason in particular... It just happened to be where they assigned me."
Nagisa: "Ohh...so you hadn't put in any requests, or anything?"
Kaori: "Right. As long as I could work in Yurigahama General Hospital, I was fine with anywhere they'd put me."
Nagisa: "Ohhh..."
Senpai looks a little melancholic, beer in hand. I wonder why?
Kaori: "How about you, Senpai?"
She smiles a little when I say that.
Nagisa: "*Giggle* ...Me, I wanted to go into the surgical ward."
Kaori: "Huh, you did?"
Senpai takes another swig of beer and looks off with reminiscent eyes.
Nagisa: "I was pretty shocked when I heard they were putting me in internal medicine. Just...every day in nursing school, I would dream of going into the surgical ward."
Kaori: "It looks like a tough place to work. I think it's amazing how you'd volunteer to work there right after graduating!"
Nagisa: "Well, I actually ended up in internal medicine."
Kaori: "But that's why we get to work together, right?"
Kaori: "And besides, you can go to the surgical ward whenever you want. I think someone's going to scout you for the position before long!"
That gets a giggle out of Senpai.
Nagisa: "A scout? C'mon, this isn't showbiz."
Nagisa: "But...I do hope I get to go to surgery sometime."
Kaori: "Senpai..."
Noticing the worried look on my face, Senpai immediately puts on a smile.
Nagisa: "Kidding, kidding! Besides, I've got a coworker I've gotta take care of, so I'm stuck here for a while."
Kaori: "Uwah?! A-Are you talking about me?!"
Nagisa: "Who else could I be talking about? And you'd be totally lost without me, wouldn't you?"
Kaori: "N-No I wouldn't. I'd be completely fine by myself!"
Nagisa: "Completely fine? Weren't you on the verge of tears on your first day on the job?"
Kaori: "W-Well, I was kind of nervous and had a lot going on..."
Nagisa: "Hah! Not even admitting how happy you were I was there."
Kaori: "Th-That I can't deny."
Nagisa: "See? You need me, Sawai. That's why I've got to stay in internal medicine a bit longer."
Kaori: "Guh! W-Well, I'll get everything down on lock in a flash, so I won't need you, you'll see!"
Nagisa: "Getting mouthy again, Sawai! Taking the job lightly's only going to end in pain, you know?"
Kaori: "I'm not taking it lightly! I think about how hard it is every day! There's so much to do, and the patients' complaints never end."
Nagisa: "Ohh, now that's the honesty I wanted to hear."
Kaori: "And, well...that's why I respect you so much, Senpai."
Nagisa: "Hm?"
Kaori: "I'm truly happy you're in the ward with me, Senpai. I know you wanted to be in the surgical ward, but I'm grateful that you're in internal with me."
Nagisa: "H-Hey, you're going to make me blush!"
Kaori: "Owie! S-Senpai, that hurt!"
My back is throbbing. But...I can't say the pain doesn't put a little smile on my face.
Nagisa: "I think meeting up again like this is some kind of fate, and I wouldn't mind sticking around and helping you out for a while!"
When I see Senpai's bright smile, I realize we'll get to walk through life together again. Just like back in high school, I'll get to see Senpai, talk to her... That's what it's going to be like every day. I'm sorry Senpai didn't get what she wanted, but I know that if she ended up in the surgical ward, she probably wouldn't have come to my room and drank with me. So...
Kaori: "Looking forward to working together, Senpai!"
I'm grateful from the bottom of my heart that she's in my ward.
====================scr00209.kgo====================
Kaori: "...Urgh..."
I stare at my blank record sheet and let out a groan.
Nagisa: "Come on, get writing! There weren't even any events, what's there to think so hard about?"
Kaori: "Events?"
Hatsumi: "Tripping, falling, vomiting, needle removal... The word refers to all occurrences that should be recorded in the report."
Kaori: "Oh..."
Nagisa: "You don't need to think so hard about your reports. Just take it easier, all right?"
Nagisa: "You're writing it for the people in the night shift later and for review a few days down, so you don't just want objective data in there --"
Nagisa: "try putting in info that makes you recall the mood of the room when you were with the patient."
...Is that seriously her idea of taking it easy?
Kaori: "How would you write it, Senpai?"
Nagisa: "Good question. All right, take Mrs. Amino in 301..."
Nagisa: "She beckoned for a handshake with a smile, and smiled more when given one. Is her desire to move on her own increasing?"
Nagisa: "Perhaps adding play that she can enjoy into her rehabilitation would foster her desire to move even more?"
Nagisa: "...Then, I'd put an arrow right here and write ‘talk over with PT’... There we go."
Kaori: "Ohhh, I get it."
Senpai...really is something. She just wrote up a patient's review in one go.
Kaori: "Um, so what does PT mean?"
Nagisa: "It stands for physical therapist. They're in the rehab room, right?"
Kaori: "So they're called PTs..."
Hatsumi: "Now that was just an example Fujisawa gave you. Make sure you write yours in your own way, Sawai."
Kaori: "Y-Yes, ma'am."
Yasuko: "Fujisawa makes her reports readable as heck. They make a good base, but don't go totally copyin' 'em, all right?"
Kaori: "...All right."
Yasuko: "Say, Chief, when's our newbie going to have her night shift debut?"
Hatsumi: "Sawai's first night shift is still a ways away."
Yasuko: "Good for you, newbie! You don't have to drag yourself in at night for a while!"
Kaori: "H-Hmm...?"
Is that something to be happy about...?
Yasuko: "When you start doing night shifts, the patients you gotta take care of double. That's when ya really wanna start crankin' out yer reports."
Kaori: "T-Twice the patients?!"
Nagisa: "Well, yeah. Unlike the day shift, the two nurses on the night shift split up their patients, so that's what you'll end up with."
Twice the patients... Which means twice the reports...
Yasuko: "And if there's some big problem, you'll end up takin' on some of your partner's patients... And if worse comes to worst, you gotta take care of 'em all."
Kaori: "O-Oh...oh no..."
Hatsumi: "That's enough teasing the rookie. If you push her too much, you'll end up on her bad side."
Well, I'm not really going to go against Yamanouchi, but... Wasn't something along those lines said to the Chief before...?
Yasuko: "Bein' on our rookie's bad side wouldn't be too fun, so...how 'bout a fun story to lighten the mood?"
Yasuko: "So our night shift's pretty slowgoin'. Part timers go as far as to call it the sleep shift."
Kaori: "Wait, the night shift is slow?"
Nagisa: "...Well, I guess you could say it is."
Yasuko: "Ya get about two hours to nap on the sofa in the break room over there, blanket and all..."
Yasuko: "...but ya gotta take off your uniform when you snooze."
Nagisa: "!!"
Hatsumi: "......"
Kaori: "You do...?"
If you have to take off your clothes, it sounds like you can sleep easy...
Yasuko: "Y'sleep in shifts, and there are nursing assistants on the night shift, too, so if nothin' blows up, you can sleep like a baby."
Yasuko: "But this one time, oh boy, Fujisawa just waltzed on outta the break room in her skivvies!"
Kaori: "S-Senpai did what?!"
Nagisa: "Wait, WHAT?!"
Huh? Senpai's surprised, too? Oh, she's probably shocked that the secret got out here, in front of everyone.
Hatsumi: "...Fujisawa..."
Kaori: "So, what did Senpai do then?"
Yasuko: "...I think you're a touch too interested."
Kaori: "But I want to know!"
Yasuko: "Well, I guess you wouldn't be able to keep your wits about ya if your beloved Senpai was wandering around work in her underwear..."
Yasuko: "She must've been real tired, cause she stepped out in next t'nothing."
Yasuko: "Ahh, Senpai, I'm supposed to be the only one who sees who you like that!"
Kaori: "I wouldn't say that!"
Nagisa: "And I didn't do that!"
Kaori: "Hwah?"
I look at Senpai to see her face is bright red....Wait, does that mean...?
Yasuko: "Kiddin', kiddin'!"
Hatsumi: "...I think it's time for you three to get back to work. Now."
Yasuko: "Heh heh, we got told."
Kaori: "......"
She......She really got me good! Ahhhh!
====================scr00210.kgo====================
All right... I've done my IV rounds, and I've done the afternoon vital checks... But right then, I hear a loud sound and run off to it.
Kaori: "What happened?!"
Ami: "Owie, owie, ow..."
Kohaku: "Amin, I'm so sorry!"
Ami: "I-I'm okay, honest. Oww..."
Ami is sitting flat on the floor, surrounded by scattered tableware. Kohaku is standing next to her, looking around desperately and seeming like she's about to cry.
Kaori: "Wh-What happened?"
Kohaku: "It's all my fault! I wasn't looking, and I just...ahh, I'm so sorry, Amin! I'm really sorry!"
Ami: "It's fine, don't worry! A little fall like this is nothing! Right, Kaorin?"
A smile blooms on Ami's face. Ohh, she doesn't want to worry Kohaku...
Kaori: "Yeah, you don't have to worry about a thing, Kohaku!"
Kohaku: "Really? Is Amin gonna be okay? She won't have to...stay here longer, will she?"
Kaori: "Hey, Kohaku, I'm going to fix up Ami, so can you clean up here?"
Kohaku: "Sure! I'll clean this all right up!"
Kohaku nods, seeming to have finally calmed down, and she runs off to the rack with the scattered implements in hand.
Ami: "I'm sorry, Kaorin."
Kaori: "There's nothing to apologize about, Ami. So how is it, really? Does it hurt anywhere?"
Ami: "Well, when I fell, I kind of twisted my ankle...so it hurts a little. I think."
Kaori: "Then let's take a look at it... Ah, it's probably not a good idea to do this out in the hall. Can you stand, Ami?"
Ami: "O-Oh, sure! I can stand!"
I lend her my shoulder when I see her start to stagger, and take her back to her bed. When I sit her down on it...
Kaori: "Can you show me where it hurts?"
Her left ankle is starting to swell a little bit.
Kaori: "Can you move it?"
Ami: "Mm...like this? O-Ow, it kinda hurts..."
Kaori: "So you can move, but it hurts when you do... All right, I'll report this to the Chief and have you get x-rayed."
Kaori: "You might end up getting some more tests down in the surgical ward..."
Ami: "More? But I take enough tests already!"
Kaori: "Well, it'll be too late if we do it after something's already gone wrong..."
I find myself rubbing her ankle, trying to ease her pain however I can.
Ami: "Huh...?"
Kaori: "Hm? Is something wrong?"
Ami: "Well, um...I feel like it doesn't hurt anymore..."
Kaori: "Already? With how swollen it is?"
Ami: "B-But it honestly feels like the pain's eased up..."
Kaori: "R-Really...? Well...I guess that could happen."
Ami: "Oh! I think that might have been you, Kaorin!"
Kaori: "Huh?! U-Uh...I can't see how that would be the reason, though?"
Ami: "But when you started rubbing my ankle, the pain went away all of a sudden!"
Kaori: "That's just a coincidence..."
Ami: "No way! Your hand was just so warm, and it felt like the pain disappeared where you touched me! Kaorin, do you..."
She gulps and looks right at me with serious eyes.
Ami: "Do you have superpowers?!"
Kaori: "SUPERPOWERS?! What?! N-No way, there's just no way!"
Ami: "I don't think it's impossible! There's definitely some kind of power in your hands! Like psychic powers, or magic, or..."
Ami: "Hmm...maybe something a little more specific. I know! A healer! Kaorin the Healer! What do you think?"
Kaori: "A healer?"
Ami: "Like in RPGs and stuff! They have the power to heal people's wounds and HP."
Kaori: "Th-That's a little too out there..."
Ami: "No way! I just know you're a healer, Kaorin! Like, my pain's all gone! You've got to be a healer!"
It looks like Ami really, truly believes what she's saying. This is...awkward. Doesn't she know about the placebo effect? Or how nurses calm people down by touching them, and how that calm can soothe pain?
Kaori: "Ah, right...well, I'm just glad you feel better, Ami."
When I smile at her, she nods with a big grin in turn.
Ami: "Yeah, I'm totally fine now! Thanks so much, Kaorin!"
Kohaku: "Amin, is everything okay?"
Kohaku comes back and crouches next to Ami with a worried look.
Ami: "A-okay! Kaorin cured me."
Ami: "See? I'm totally fine."
After seeing Ami stand up, Kohaku looks at me with eyes of pure admiration.
Kohaku: "Wow, Miss Nurse, that's awesome! You're like a wizard!"
Ami: "Well, she really IS a wizard!"
Kaori: "A-Ami!"
Kohaku: "Wow, a real wizard!"
When she looks at me with those pure, innocent eyes, I just can't shoot her down.
Kaori: "Er...yeah, I'm a wizard. But this is a secret among the three of us, all right? You can't let anyone else know."
Kohaku shouts her answer with sparkling eyes.
Kohaku: "Got it! It's our secret!"
I guess this is fine. The placebo effect's pretty handy in treatment, anyway. I stand up with a big smile.
Kaori: "You'll be getting your tests after we talk with your doctor, but I'll bring you a patch to put on your ankle, okay?"
Ami: "Got it!"
After grinning with Ami at how excited Kohaku is, I head back to the nurses station.
====================scr00211.kgo====================
I don't want to forget what the patients told me while I did my rounds, so I go over all of it in my head as I return to the nurses station.
Kaori: "I'm back!"
???: "I heard da news, Sawai!"
Kaori: "Oww!!"
My back is throbbing! Yamanouchi is laughing away, not looking guilty at all for smacking me on the back. Should I just get used to this roughhousing...?
Yasuko: "So word is ya make people feel all better when you touch 'em?"
Kaori: "U-Um?"
It's such a sudden question that my eyes go wide.
Kaori: "Wh-What ever are you talking about?"
How does Yamanouchi know that?! Did Ami or Kohaku blurt it out? I told them not to, too! ...But, well. Ami did tell my that my touch made her feel better. And I've had other patients say they felt better when I rubbed them on the back or stroked them where it hurt. And I've been told that a lot, growing up. But I personally think that that's mostly in everyone's heads. I mean, anyone would feel better if someone was nice to them when they were going through something stressful, or when they were in pain.
Yasuko: "Word's spreadin' like wildfire among the geezers and the brats, and yours truly just happened to hear a bit."
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi, that's no way to refer to our patients."
The Chief wastes no time in chastising Yamanouchi's harsh words.
Yasuko: "I call 'em that out of love, though! Is that so bad?"
Hatsumi: "It's not pleasant to listen to, and it would blow up into a huge problem if a passing patient happened hear. Try not to do it again."
Yasuko: "Righto."
Yamanouchi looks at me and shrugs.
Yasuko: "I got chewed out."
She laughs with her tongue out....She's pretty strong, bouncing back after a scolding from the Chief like that.
Yasuko: "So, we talkin' the truth here?"
Kaori: "About...?"
Yasuko: "Do people seriously feel all better when you touch 'em?"
Kaori: "Isn't that the placebo effect?"
I quickly answer Yamanouchi's question. My school friends went wild when I touched them and their pain went away, saying that I had healing hands. That was back in middle or high school. I just think they were imagining it.
Yasuko: "Placebo?"
Kaori: "Well, it's this phenomenon where providing a patient with sugar pills or other fake medicine will make them feel better simply because they believe it's working, but..."
Yasuko: "I know what a placebo is, ya dork!"
Kaori: "Owie!"
I didn't even see Yamanouchi's hand move! That second blow's got my back throbbing even more!
Hatsumi: "...A placebo effect, is it..."
Hm? The Chief is looking at me with a bit of a difficult expression... Did I say something strange? I didn't, right?
====================scr00212.kgo====================
Nagisa: "*Sigh*... Today was a pretty rough one."
Senpai changes her clothes with a long sigh.
Kaori: "You have a lot on your plate, Senpai...having to deal with me on top of your regular work."
Today was dizzyingly busy at work, and now that it's time to go home, I barely feel like I can move another inch let alone get back to the dorm. Senpai must be even more beat than I am. I feel terrible about it...
Nagisa: "C'mon, don't worry about that, you're new!"
Kaori: "But..."
Nagisa: "I'm always busy. And besides, the harder you work, the sweeter the reward! Right?"
She looks at me with a soft smile.
Nagisa: "That said, let's drink!"
Kaori: "A-Again?!"
Nagisa: "Whaddaya mean, ‘again?' You saying drinking with me’s no fun?"
Kaori: "It's not that..."
I scramble to shake my head. Senpai, though, just giggles at me.
Nagisa: "You look pretty tired, too, Sawai. It's good to take the load off sometimes."
Kaori: "Senpai..."
She...she's being so considerate of me...!
Nagisa: "Then that settles it! We're buying drinks and snacks at the store on the way home and meeting in your room!"
Kaori: "Gotcha!"
Nagisa: "All right, we're drinking today!"
Kaori: "Again, anyway."
Nagisa: "Let's not waste any time!"
Senpai piles up the beer cans. They extend past the table and make it to the floor, too... W-Wait...
Kaori: "S-Senpai...you're not going to drink ALL of this tonight, are you...?"
Senpai grins devilishly back at me. Her lack of a clear response sends a chill down my spine.
Nagisa: "C'mon, don't be such a square. Let's crack them open!"
We sit at the table, and I pick up the beer Senpai offers me.
Nagisa: "Cheers!"
Kaori: "We got through another day! Cheers!"
Nagisa: "Ah-hah! This stuff's the best!"
Kaori: "It's great and all, but try not to drink too much. The Chief gets really scary when we're late."
Nagisa: "Huh? Hey, no worries, I got tomorrow off...!"
Kaori: "What?! No fair, I've got work!"
Nagisa: "Yep, I know!"
Kaori: "Uwah?! So that's why?! You're sneaky, Senpai!"
Nagisa: "Hahaha, I'm going to knock back so many tonight! And you're drinking up, too, Sawai!"
Kaori: "I'll pass. I'm worried about tomorrow, so let's calm the...w-wait, you're on your second can already?!"
Nagisa: "I gotta say, beer always tastes way better when you know you've got tomorrow off!"
Senpai belts out a laugh.
Kaori: "Mine tastes the same as always!"
Nagisa: "Ohhhh? That so? Sounds like someone hasn't had enough to me! C'mon, drink, drink, driiiiink!"
Kaori: "Hwah?! Senpai, I'm not done with mine yet!"
Nagisa: "Then y'shoulda said something, Sawai! I already went and opened it!"
Nagisa: "Hmph, fine, can't let good booze to waste! I'll drink it myself!"
Kaori: "Huh?! Senpai, you're on your third already...?"
Nagisa: "Woo! Now that really hits the spot!"
Kaori: "Senpai, you're going way too fast! Tomorrow's hangover is going to hit you like a meteor!"
Nagisa: "Hm? You got it all wrong, this is totally fine! C'mon, let's keep it up!"
Kaori: "If you keep it up, that hangover's going to be your last!"
Nagisa: "You can't drink if you're afraid of hangovers!"
Kaori: "But it's scary! Anyone would be afraid of a meteor hangover!"
Nagisa: "I'll drink some clam juice and sleep it off!"
Kaori: "Ahh, you're already drunk..."
Nagisa: "I'm not drunk!"
Kaori: "That's what they all say!"
Nagisa: "But I'm nnnot drunnnk!"
Kaori: "Yeah, yeah."
I know it's pointless to argue with a drunk, so I just nod. But... I am a tad baffled by her, yet I can't help but think Senpai's a little cute, being this defenseless.
Kaori: "*Giggle*"
Though back in high school, she was so fashionable and such a good leader that I thought she was more cool than cute. And even now, she's someone I admire. She's a nurse I look up to. But when I see her all laid out like this, drunk and defenseless as can be...I can't help but smile a little. The contrast is just delicious. Or do I just feel that way because I'm an older sister?
Nagisa: "Sawai! You drinkin'?"
Kaori: "Senpai, you've had way too much to drink!"
Nagisa: "I'm fine, I'm fiiine! Like, look...ah, I know. It's cheep cheep time."
Kaori: "Huh?!"
Wait, what's she going on about?! Senpai looks at me in dissatisfaction.
Nagisa: "Cheep cheep! You tellin' me you don't know cheep cheep?"
Kaori: "Ch-Cheep cheep? What's this ‘cheep cheep’?"
Looking as pleased as can be, Senpai puts her arms to her side and flaps her hands like little wings.
Nagisa: "Cheep cheep's cheep cheep. Not bleep bleep and definitely not creep creep -- we're talking about cheep cheep here. Got it?"
Kaori: "......"
Nagisa: "Ahaha, cheep cheep! Come on, let's do it together! Cheep cheep!"
Kaori: "Ahh, Senpai...!"
Not seeming to notice how I feel, Senpai keeps on flapping her hands with a big grin.
Nagisa: "I'll treat you to bunch today, Sawai, so cheep cheep with me!"
E-Er...? What's she even talking about?! And what do I even do?! I'll cheep cheep with you. Senpai...I'll bring some water....But it looks like I have no choice.
Nagisa: "Heyyyy, Sawaiii, where's your cheep cheep?"
I could search the whole world and not find a single person able to say "no"
to Senpai when she's coaxing this cutely.
Kaori: "Ch...Cheep cheep...?"
Nagisa: "Ahh, you gotta do it cuter! With your hands out, too, like this? All right, cheep cheep!"
I mimic Senpai and flap my hands.
Kaori: "Ch-Cheep cheep..."
Nagisa: "There we go! Let's cheep cheep some more!"
Kaori: "Cheep cheep..."
Nagisa: "More, more! C'mon! Cheep cheep!"
Kaori: "Ch-Cheep cheep!"
Nagisa: "Ahhh, Sawai, you're so cute! When you cheep cheep, it just looks so...right!"
Kaori: "Should I take that as a compliment...?"
Nagisa: "I'm praisin' you from the bottom of my heart! Cheep cheep again?"
Kaori: "Ch-Cheep cheep..."
Nagisa: "That's no good! You gotta be more yourself, more energetic! Cheep cheep!"
Kaori: "Cheep cheeeeep!"
Ahh! Someone, anyone, help! I can't help letting out a sigh as Senpai endlessly says "cheep cheep."
Kaori: "Senpai...I'll bring you some water."
Nagisa: "Awww! Kaori, you're being such a downer!"
Kaori: "Senpai, you've had a bit too much to drink. Any more would be unhealthy."
I pour some mineral water from the fridge into a cup and hold it directly to Senpai's forehead.
Nagisa: "Yeow, that cold...!"
Kaori: "Sobered up a bit?"
Nagisa: "Yeah, I'm totally back! Yeesh, you're pretty violent, Sawai."
Kaori: "Only when you're being a handful."
Nagisa: "What? A handful, me?"
Kaori: "Come on, you know you were saying weird things and enjoying my reactions."
Senpai giggles away. Urgh...she knew what she was doing the whole time!
Nagisa: "C'mon, it's just fun with my adorable junior. It's a kind of recreation!"
Kaori: "Well, it's not fun for me!"
Nagisa: "You should just join me, then -- it's fun!"
Kaori: "Well, you've got the day off tomorrow so you don't have to worry, but I've got work! You know that, right?"
Nagisa: "Ahh, I got told off! I'm sorry, I'll do better."
Kaori: "Then let's wrap up for today!"
Senpai looks like she's utterly shocked.
Nagisa: "N-No way...!"
I look at Senpai with eyes as cold as I can muster.
Kaori: "...If I'm late tomorrow, could you take responsibility and get yelled at by the Chief in my place?"
Senpai calms down.
Nagisa: "...I can't."
Kaori: "I'm glad you understand!"
When I cross my arms and nod, Senpai leaps at me and clings on.
Nagisa: "You're way too mouthy, Sawai! And you don't get to be mouthy! Quit whinin' and drink up!"
Kaori: "Eep?! I-I can't take anymore, though!"
Senpai forces a beer can on me, completely smashed.
Kaori: "Urgh...e-enough! I'm booting you out!"
Nagisa: "Sawaiii, you're being a tyrant!"
Kaori: "And you need to get back to your room and sleep off all those beers, okay?"
I stand Senpai up as she complains and try to force her out the door. She seems to give up, though, and walks out the door herself.
Nagisa: "Urgh...g'night..."
Kaori: "Good night, Senpai."
I watch and make sure she staggers back to her room, then let out a deep sigh. She was cute when she was just a little tipsy, but she was too much to handle when smashed... But... It was really cute when she was flapping her arms and going "cheep cheep."
I should've taken a picture! Heh heh. Feeling a tinge of regret, I start cleaning up the empty cans left behind.
====================scr00213.kgo====================
It's Sunday today. It's Sunday, but I'm at work. I know that hospitals don't have weekends and holidays off, but it's a little strange, being out here at work on a Sunday. The doctors don't come to the ward unless they're called, and the nurses are a little bit more laid back than usual. But maybe I feel like something's missing because Senpai is off today. Though she did send me a message before work, telling me to do my best, eheheh. Time to roll up my sleeves!
Yasuko: "Sawai, you free?"
Kaori: "Oh, yes, I am!"
Yamanouchi calls me out of the blue, so I quickly stand up.
Yasuko: "Yeah? Well, I'm about to do Mr. Ryukaku's BB, so can you help?"
Kaori: "B...B?!"
Yasuko: "BB, bed and bath. Cleanin'. You tellin' me you don't know about cleanin'...?!"
Kaori: "O-Of course I do! I know about cleaning! You wipe the patient down with a hot towel, right?"
Yamanouchi shoots me a mischievous grin. Urgh...I got teased again...
Yasuko: "That old man really likes his towels hot, and I mean HOT. You wanna bring some that'll give ya burns, he'll love 'em."
Kaori: "Oh, he likes the heat that much?"
Yasuko: "All right, I'll go up ahead and get him ready, so bring over some cleanin' towels, all right?"
Kaori: "Got it!"
There's some hot towels in the bed bath cart in the hallway outside the nurses station. The white towels are for wiping the body. The yellow towels are for private parts. But that aside, Yamanouchi is the senior nurse here, and she went out of her way to ask me for help. Does that mean...she's expecting good things from me? At the very least, it means she doesn't think I'm a burden...right? All right, now I feel way more motivated! I put five white towels and two yellow ones into a plastic bag and start heading for Mr. Ryukaku's room.
Yasuko: "Ah, there you are. Mr. Ryukaku, sorry for the wait!"
Mr. Ryukaku is already on his side with his back turned to me. Yamanouchi takes the bath towel off of his back.
Yasuko: "All right, Sawai, open up that blazin' towel on Mr. Ryukaku's back!"
Er...is she sure he'll like this? The towel is scalding to the touch, but I quickly open it up and stick it onto Mr. Ryukaku's back!
Ryukaku: "Uuooooooo!"
Kaori: "Eep?!"
Mr. Ryukaku lets out a mighty bellow. I can't help but take a step back.
Yasuko: "Feel good?"
Ryukaku: "I-I'm in heaven...!"
Oh, it looks like he actually likes it. Normally, you're supposed to open the towel, expose it to the air until it cools down a bit, then put it against the patient's back, but... Do we just ignore that for him?
Yasuko: "It's a bit early to go to heaven, gramps. Leave that for after ya fix up yer will."
!! D-Did she just say that?! The Chief would definitely yell at Yamanouchi for speaking out of turn if she was here, no joke!
Ryukaku: "You're awful foulmouthed for a nurse as usual, little miss."
Yasuko: "I prefer the term ‘honest.' And don't just stand around, Sawai, wipe ’im down."
Kaori: "R-Right."
I start wiping him down at Yamanouchi's suggestion, but...
Yasuko: "Workin' this job sure makes it real hard to be honest."
Ryukaku: "You're far TOO honest. What kind of nurse would tell a dying patient to not die until he fixes up his will?"
Yeah, Mr. Ryukaku is right. It's a bit...no, it's quite inappropriate for a nurse to say.
Yasuko: "Well, dispelling a patient's after-death worries is part of a nurse's job."
Ryukaku: "Hmph, hitting me where it hurts. Really, most of these days, I wish I didn't have this money to deal with."
Yasuko: "Yeah, it's not like you can take it with you."
Kaori: "!!"
The replacement towel falls from my hands. Did she say what I think she said?
Yasuko: "All right, I'm putting you on your back."
Yamanouchi turns Mr. Ryukaku on his back and puts a piping hot towel on his chest.
Ryukaku: "Uuuooooo..."
Yasuko: "Haha, now y'sound like you're well and ready to take your trip t' heaven. Your heart feelin' all right? Not havin' trouble breathing?"
Kaori: "Y-Yamanouchi!"
Yamanouchi just grins and gives me a look, then gets right to wiping down Mr. Ryukaku's chest.
Ryukaku: "How much easier it'd be if my heart stopped here and now!"
Yasuko: "Don't worry, we'll bring you right back with defib, heart massages, and drugs. Don't forget you're in a hospital!"
Ryukaku: "You're a regular devil in white."
Yasuko: "Well, angels and devils are all imaginary. Real humans are way scarier than any of that."
Ryukaku: "True words. Nothing harder to deal with than the living."
She quickly wipes Mr. Ryukaku's body down, then puts him into a new gown. I, on the other hand, just hold Mr. Ryukaku's body in place and lift his arms and legs up as needed.
Yasuko: "There, all finished! Lookin' real handsome, gramps!"
Ryukaku: "Wonder if the old lady on the other side'll fall for me all over again?"
Yasuko: "She couldn't regret passin' before you more, guaranteed!"
Kaori: "......"
Could she get any more inappropriate...? Is this conversation really...okay? I gather up the used towels and hurry out of the room, leaving Yamanouchi behind. I toss the towels into the laundry basket and get back to the nurses station, still flustered. After a bit of time passes, Yamanouchi returns to the station, too....She looks a little irked.
Yasuko: "Sawai, that definitely wasn't the right attitude to take. Ya really wanna rethink that."
Kaori: "...Rethink what?"
Because I think Yamanouchi's the one who should rethink things. The way she speaks, at least.
Yasuko: "If you just disappear without a word, you're going to worry your patients. Mr. Ryukaku was pretty surprised, y'know?"
Kaori: "......"
Worry? The way she spoke worried me!
Yasuko: "If there's something you want to say, say it."
Yasuko: "No one's gonna know what you're thinking if you don't out and say it."
Wh-What's she getting on my case for? I was keeping quiet because I didn't want to upset her! Well, I'll come out and say it, then!
Kaori: "Then I'll say it. Yamanouchi, I think what you were saying was very inappropriate."
Kaori: "I think the Chief would explode on you if she heard what you said."
When I gather up my nerve and say it, Yamanouchi lets out a great sigh.
Yasuko: "...Hey. Lemme level with you. We're nurses, right? Who're we taking care of?"
Kaori: "...Our patients."
Yasuko: "Exactly. And we gotta change what we say based on our patients and their mental states."
Yasuko: "Did you know Mr. Ryukaku was saying he wanted to die yesterday, lookin' as sunk as he could?"
Kaori: "What...?"
Yasuko: "And it wasn't even the depression of old age, either. This is a man that's lived for decades, goin' through the highs and lows of life...and he said he wanted to die. "
Yasuko: "You got any idea how much weight that has?"
Kaori: "......"
I...I had no idea Mr. Ryukaku said that.
Yasuko: "His drive to make sure his children didn't want anything backfired on him, and now his kids and grandkids're brawling with each other over who gets the pie he's gonna leave behind."
Yasuko: "Mr. Ryukaku's hurt. Hurt enough for such an old man to want to look away from reality."
Yasuko: "Which is why this dumb nurse skipped etiquette and brought 'im back to reality."
Yasuko: "Made him realize that even if he doesn't off himself, he ain't got much left. If he doesn't solve the problems on his plate, he ain't gonna be able to face his wife on the other side."
Kaori: "Oh...oh, that's what you were..."
Yasuko: "Now I know it's real rough around the edges, and it ain't something a nurse oughta say."
Yasuko: "But Mr. Ryukaku ain't got no time left. He ain't in any position to say he wants to die."
Yasuko: "It don't matter to me if people complain that I ain't being polite. That happens and I just quit and it's done."
Yasuko: "But I like that old man, and he understands what I'm sayin'. It gets through to him."
I feel...embarrassed. I had no idea what Yamanouchi felt or was prepared to do, and just assumed she was being rude...
Kaori: "I'm sorry...I had you all wrong..."
Yasuko: "Anyone would. Nobody says that normally, and you don't wanna say it to begin with."
Yamanouchi pats me on the head and sits in a chair.
Yasuko: "Wrack your brains, newbie. There's a lot out there you're never gonna see ‘less you think real, real hard about ’em."
Yasuko: "Think about it and find the kinda nurse you are."
Saying that without looking at me, Yamanouchi opens up Mr. Ryukaku's file and copies the numbers she'd written on her left hand onto it....This is some Yamanouchi-style education, huh...
Kaori: "I will."
...The kind of nurse I am. This is something you can't find in textbooks, stuff that they can't write in even if they wanted to. The kind of nursing knowledge that only comes with experience, and thought. Things I can't see unless I've thought really hard about them... I wonder if I'll be able to see what our patients really want some day? Like Yamanouchi can?
====================scr00214.kgo====================
After lunch, we go around the rooms to check on how much everyone has eaten. Unfortunately, Sho in room 306 has a "1"
in her meal intake column. Which means she left 90\% of her lunch...
Kaori: "What's the matter, Sho? Are you sick? Does your stomach hurt?"
Sho only answers my questions by shaking her head, with her mouth sealed.
Kaori: "So you're not sick at all?"
She nods in confirmation. All right, she's fine, but...why did she leave so much?
Kaori: "Are you not hungry?"
She shakes her head. I guess that means she is hungry...? What's up?
Hiro: "You gotta eat up your vegetables!"
The boy in the bed across from her, Hiro, blurts out. If memory serves, Hiro was in the hospital on asthma. And the boy next to him had caught a cold that developed into pneumonia.
Kaori: "...Vegetables?"
Hiro's statement fills in the blanks for me. Oh...so that's what's going on here... Today's lunch was bell peppers stir fried with meat. So that's why she didn't eat much of her food.
Kaori: "Say, Sho, do you happen to...not like bell peppers?"
Sho nods a little.
Kaori: "But you're just going to get hungry if you don't eat up. Do you really want to go hungry until dinner?"
Sho: "...Bell peppers are so gross, though..."
Kaori: "But you won't have a balanced meal if you don't eat them..."
Nagisa: "Sawai, you're not done yet?"
Kaori: "Oh, Senpai!"
Senpai is looking at me from the entrance to the room. I find myself desperately calling for her help in my mind. Senpai repays me with a troubled smile. It looks like my wish goes through, and she comes on inside.
Nagisa: "So what happened?"
Kaori: "Well..."
Hiro: "Sho didn't eat her lunch ‘cuz she doesn’t like bell peppers!"
Nagisa: "Oh yeah?"
Hiro: "You can't be a picky eater! You'll never get grow big and strong like that!"
Sho: "B-But...but...they're bitter and gross! I don't wanna eat them! Wahhh!"
Kaori: "Er...th-they're not bitter, though! How about you have a bite?"
Sho: "No! They're bitter and stinky!"
Kaori: "If you give them a try, they might be surprisingly tasty!"
Sho: "No! I won't, I won't, I won't!"
Kaori: "Well...if you're a picky eater, you won't grow big and healthy."
Sho: "I don't need to grow big! I don't wanna eat any peppers!"
Nagisa: "*Giggle* That's all a little unconvincing coming from you, Sawai...since you hate bell peppers yourself."
Hiro: "Huh?! You don't like them either, miss? Even though you're a nurse? Even though you're all grown up?"
Kaori: "S-Senpai?!"
Nagisa: "Oops, I let that slip. Sorry, Sawai."
Sho: "...You grew up without eating peppers..."
Kaori: "U-Uh, well, actually, I ate just a little. That's why I'm still a bit small, see?"
Sho: "Then eat some and show me!"
Kaori: "Huh?!"
Sho: "These peppers aren't bitter, right?"
Kaori: "Urgh..."
Sho: "And they're tasty if you try them, right?"
Kaori: "Urgh...!"
Sho: "If I see you can eat them, I wouldn't mind eating them myself!"
Kaori: "W-Well..."
Nagisa: "Do your best, Sawai! Don't let down these innocent kids -- show them what we grown-ups are made of!"
Kaori: "S-Seriously...?!"
Ahh...because Senpai made such a big deal of it, now all the kids are watching me! Ahhh! What should I do?! Eat them. Don't eat them. Urgh...I...I can't get away...
Sho: "All right, eat up!"
Kaori: "A-All right, all right!"
I think I heard somewhere that if you can block out something's smell, you'll taste a lot less of it. Which means I should be able to eat the stuff if I pinch my nose! At least, I think. Here goes! I glare at the plate in front of me. G-Get ready to be eaten up, peppers! I hold the plate of pepper stir fry in my left hand and pinch my nose with my right... Wait, now I can't eat!
Nagisa: "Don't worry, Sawai, I'll clean you off the floor."
S-Senpai, you're so mean!
Kaori: "Breathe in...breathe out..."
Nagisa: "You won't be able to eat like that, you know? Here, let me help you."
Kaori: "I-I'm fine!"
Nagisa: "C'mon, no need to be shy! Say ahhh!"
Senpai picks up Sho's chopsticks and plops some peppers into my mouth.
Kaori: "...Mm...gh...!"
Nagisa: "Hm? What's the matter, Sawai? Throwing in the towel?"
Senpai is enjoying this WAY too much!
Kaori: "Mmmghh...!"
This tastes AWFUL! It isn't "surprisingly tasty"
at all!
Nagisa: "What's the matter, Sawai? Remember, the kids are watching."
Kaori: "Mmmfine! Shempai, more, pwease!"
Nagisa: "My, you're giving it your all. Here, have some more, ahhh."
Kaori: "Mmf. Mmmff..."
It's SO bitter, and really...gross, in a leafy way!
Nagisa: "You're sweating in kind of a weird way...but you're fine, right? It's all tasty, right?"
Sho has her eyes squarely on me. I nod with tear-filled eyes.
Kaori: "Mmhmm! Vury teshty!"
Nagisa: "Glad to hear it! Have some more, then!"
Kaori: "M-More?!"
Nagisa: "Yep! Say ahh one more time!"
Eep! She keeps piling bell peppers into my mouth, and I almost want to really cry. And Senpai, of course, is grinning away with the kids as she watches me... Ahhh...
Nagisa: "All right, say ahhh... Hm? Wow, it's all gone."
Kaori: "Phew..."
A sigh of relief escapes me. But, wait...these were Sho's peppers, right?
Sho: "Sweet!"
Ahhh! I ate all of hers, too!
Kaori: "Th-That's not okay! You have eat your own vegetables or you won't grow big! And I ate my vegetables!"
Sho: "Awww!"
Hiro: "Really? I dunno...!"
Kaori: "R-Really!"
Hiro: "I dunno, that's kinda weird... Miss Nurse, can you REALLY eat peppers?"
Kaori: "S-Sure I can. That's how I got to be a nurse! Right, Senpai?"
Nagisa: "Huh? O-Oh, right, totally..."
Senpai quickly nods to back up my fabrication.
Nagisa: "I think I remember that. Yeah..."
Hatsumi: "How long were you two planning to take?"
I scramble to turn around when I hear the Chief's voice.
Kaori: "E-Er, well...Sho doesn't like bell peppers, so she left a bunch of her lunch behind, and I was worried..."
Hatsumi: "Bell peppers?"
She walks up to Sho's bed with a suspicious look. Then, she leans over to get down to Sho's eye level and crouches down.
Hatsumi: "You can't eat bell peppers?"
Sho: "Well, they're just so bitter..."
Hatsumi: "Ahh. Well, it is awfully hard to eat what you don't like."
Kaori: "Ch-Chief...?!"
Hatsumi: "It would be awful for you to force yourself to eat it and get sick, so I won't command that you do so, but..."
The Chief smiles gently and looks at Sho.
Hatsumi: "Eating a lot of different things makes you healthy...and gets you out of the hospital faster."
Sho: "R-Really?!"
Sho's eyes go wide open.
Hatsumi: "Bell peppers are particularly healthy, but you didn't eat yours...it's a bit of a shame."
Sho: "They are?!"
Hatsumi: "They really are. Bell peppers are packed with nutrients, so you'll get better much faster."
Hatsumi: "And if I remember right, a little girl left the hospital just the other day. She ate up everything on her plate, got better quickly, and went back home."
Hatsumi: "And that's not all, either. Sho, what would you think if someone said they didn't like you, even though you hadn't done anything bad?"
Sho: "...I'd be...sad, I think."
Hatsumi: "Exactly. And the bell peppers feel the same. They got cut up and stir fried just for you, but had to hear you say you don't like them..."
Sho: "......"
Hatsumi: "They wanted to make you healthy again, but didn't even get a bite. I'm sure they're crying now...poor dears."
Sho: "......"
Hatsumi: "Can you eat your bell peppers from now on? And your carrots, and your onions, too? Can you promise me?"
Sho: "Sure! I'll try real hard to eat them! I don't want them to cry!"
Wow! Nice, Chief! Sho hated peppers so much, but you got her to say she'd eat them on her own! That was a really skilled way of talking her into it. As Senpai and I watch her with impressed eyes, she looks back to us and smiles...
Hatsumi: "...That said, what are you two doing?"
Nagisa: "A-Ahh, sorry!"
Nagisa: "We'll be getting back to work now!"
As if forced by the Chief's voice, we dash out of the room.  When we get out into the hall, Senpai jabs me with her elbow.
Nagisa: "So, how were they?"
Kaori: "Huh? How was what?"
Nagisa: "You pinched your nose while you ate, right? Were they bitter?"
When I hear her eager question, I try to mumble out an answer......but she's going to see through me right away if I try to hide it, anyway.
Kaori: "...They were really bitter."
Nagisa: "You dummy. Just pinching your nose isn't going to make the taste disappear, you know? Your sense of taste and smell are different."
Nagisa: "I mean, you get olfactory information from the olfactory nerve, and your sense of taste runs on your facial nerve and glossopharyngeal nerve. You remember learning that, right?"
Urgh...I probably did, but I don't remember it at all...
Nagisa: "C'mon, don't make that face. At least you learned something, right?"
Kaori: "Well, yeah, but..."
Nagisa: "And I had lots of fun, feeding you peppers and seeing the hilarious faces you made!"
Kaori: "Ahh! Senpai, you're so mean!"
I pretend to beat up on her, and she just laughs and runs off.
Nagisa: "Ahaha, I'm just kidding! Lighten up!"
Yasuko: "Hey, you two, quit yer frolickin' in the hall."
====================scr00215.kgo====================
Yasuko: "Hmhmhm..."
I come back to the nurses station from a call to find Yamanouchi making flowers. She uses a needle to keep the edges of the origami paper crisp as she turns the paper around while intricately folding it. And before I know it, she's created a beautiful origami carnation!
Kaori: "Wow, that's really cool!"
Yasuko: "You think so? It's real easy if you learn how to do it, how ‘bout givin’it a try?"
Kaori: "I'd love to!"
I sit next to Yamanouchi and copy her movements to make a flower.
Yasuko: "There we go... You wanna hold down the paper, and wrap it around so it won't slip out... Yeah, there you go."
Kaori: "Wow, I actually pulled it off!"
I put my flower into the pile of Yamanouchi's creations.
Kaori: "It looks a little off next to the others..."
Yasuko: "Make two or three and you'll be an artist in no time! Ya gotta learn by doing!"
Kaori: "Ahh, okay."
I gently pick up some thinly cut colored paper and cautiously wrap the wire around it...
Yasuko: "Well, it looks like you can take care of these flowers for me, Sawai. I'll get to makin' some pamphlets for the next diabetic kids that get admitted, then."
I stick the wire on, wrap it around, and...hm. This is tough... Put the wire on the paper and...
Kaori: "......"
This time I'll make a perfect flower!
Hatsumi: "The night shift is about to come, so please clean up your desks."
Kaori: "Ah?!"
There's a mountain of paper flowers in front of me....Wait, did I make all of these?
Yasuko: "Pretty impressive that you've gone and gotten this good! so quick! Sawai, I've taught ya all I can!"
Yamanouchi chuckles as she picks up one of the flowers, then sticks it into my hair.
Yasuko: "Pretty cute on you."
Kaori: "Er...I..."
Yasuko: "Since you took care of the flowers for me, I had all th' time I needed to draft one of those diabetes pamphlets."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Yamanouchi waves the paper in her hand with a grin.
Nagisa: "Hmph! Sawai, you got too into it! You totally ignored me no matter how much I called you!"
Kaori: "S-Senpai, how long have you been there?!"
Nagisa: "Hmmmph! I've been writing my reports here the whole time!"
Kaori: "R-Reports?!"
Wait a second! I was making flowers, so I haven't touched my reports!
Yasuko: "Looks like you're fixin' to do some overtime, Sawai!"
Hatsumi: "Just so you know, overtime you've brought on yourself won't get you extra pay."
Kaori: "Ahh...a-all right."
I'm the one who chose to make flowers over doing my paperwork, even though the latter was more important. I focused too much on it...and that was my mistake.
Yasuko: "Well, no need to get all down and out about it. Fujisawa'll tough it out with you, so cheer up, yeah?"
Nagisa: "...Well, I am your preceptor!"
Hatsumi: "...You mean you just couldn't finish your reports on time."
Nagisa: "Ch-Chief! Shhh! Shhhh!"
Yasuko: "...Now listen, everyone here but Sawai knows how slow you write."
Nagisa: "Urgh..."
Senpai looks down, but I shoot her a smile.
Kaori: "Don't worry about it, Senpai! I know I feel a lot better knowing that we get to do overtime together!"
Nagisa: "S-Sawai! Ahh, you're so cute!"
Senpai hugs me tight.
Kaori: "Ahh, that's a little tight!"
Yasuko: "Oh-hoh, we done got a lovin' couple on our hands! I could use someone t' hug, myself! How about it, Chief?"
The Chief lets out a deep sigh as she sees the three of us frolic.
Hatsumi: "...The night shift is about to come, too. You know that staying behind for overtime will only make trouble for them, right...?"
====================scr00216.kgo====================
It's finally over... And taking off my uniform like this really cements that the day is done.
???: "Sawai, have you finished changing?"
Kaori: "Oh, yeah!"
Senpai pops out from between the lockers.
Nagisa: "It's a real shame that our lockers are so far away."
Kaori: "Yeah...we could change next to each other if our lockers were closer."
Nagisa: "Mhm, and I wanted to check how much your chest had grown while we were changing, too."
Kaori: "Eep! Senpai, you perv!"
I poke Senpai's shoulder with my own.
Nagisa: "Hey, I'm just kidding!"
Kaori: "I know, I know!"
You know, this is pretty fun. I wonder if the feeling of freedom after work is at play, too?
???: "Would you mind playing around somewhere else? I need to get through."
Kaori: "Hwah?!"
Nagisa: "Ch-Chief?!"
That's when I noticed the Chief was standing behind us in her uniform. We quickly get out of the way, and she passes between us. Then, she opens up a locker three past mine.
Hatsumi: "It's great that you two get along so well, but there's a time and a place for everything."
With that, the Chief pulls down her zipper.
Nagisa: "I'm sorry! Come on, Sawai, you too!"
Kaori: "I'm...I'm sorry..."
My eyes dart back and forth.  And how could they not? All of a sudden, the Chief is in her underwear...!
Hatsumi: "I didn't really want to say this, Fujisawa, but I'd like you act more the part of Sawai's senior. Dilly-dallying along with her won't get either of you far."
Nagisa: "R-Right..."
W-Wow... The Chief's such a...grown-up... Those large breasts, that tight waist, that raised hipline... Her entire being gives off an aura of womanliness that Senpai and I can't hope to match.
Nagisa: "...Sawai?"
Her underwear is so mature, too...!
Hatsumi: "...Sawai, are you all right?"
Ah!!
Kaori: "I'm sorry, I couldn't help staring!"
Hatsumi: "......"
Nagisa: "Wait, what did you say?!"
Kaori: "Huh? I...ahh!!"
         "I'm sorry,          I couldn't help staring!"
I said I was staring!
Hatsumi: "S-Sawai..."
Th-That makes me sound like a real weirdo!
Kaori: "Ahh...ahhh..."
Nagisa: "...Sawai?"
Kaori: "Uwahhh! I looked at the Chief in a really weird way! I-I'm so embarrassed!"
Nagisa: "W-Wait, Sawai?!"
Kaori: "Wahhh! I can't believe thiiiis!"
Nagisa: "W-Wait up, Sawai! Wait!"
Hatsumi: "...I think I'm the one who should run off in tears..."
====================scr00217.kgo====================
Kaori: "...*Sigh*..."
I blew it again... Today has been a rampage of mistakes. I was dozing off during the morning reports, I tried to put the wrong drugs in the IV bag even after the double check......then, I was accidentally rude when answering a nurse call, and the patient was really mad at me... I went to apologize, but I probably won't be forgiven for a while. Ahhh, I totally blew it...
Kaori: "I'm back..."
I'm sure Senpai would comfort me if she were here, but she's off today. I really need someone to lean on right now...
Hatsumi: "What in the world do you think you're doing?"
Eep?! I didn't expect to run into the Chief!
Hatsumi: "Dozing off during morning reports, putting in the wrong drugs, and after all of that, being rude to a patient..."
Hatsumi: "What do you even think you're here to do?"
Hatsumi: "I-I'm sorry..."
Hatsumi: "Apologizing won't cut it. No one needs an apology that's just words."
Kaori: "I-It's not just..."
Hatsumi: "I asked you what you thought you were here to do. I didn't ask for an apology."
Kaori: "......"
Hatsumi: "Answer me. What do you think you're here to do? Because this isn't a playground."
Kaori: "...I'm sorry..."
Apologies are the only answer I can come up with.
Yasuko: "Hey now, Chief, the newbie looks like she's really sorry and all..."
Hatsumi: "If all her being sorry means is that she'll keep making the same mistakes, I'd rather her not be sorry in the first place."
Yasuko: "Well, I guess a weak apology's just a waste of time to listen to."
W-Wait, Yamanouchi, weren't you on my side?
Hatsumi: "I kept quiet because you looked like you were enjoying yourself working with your friend, but you're far too laid back."
Kaori: "Yes, ma'am..."
I probably am a little too laid back.
Hatsumi: "We hold the lives of our patients in our hands. The smallest mistake you make can ruin the lives of not just our patients, but the people around them."
...Yeah, I'm completely at fault here...
Hatsumi: "You can regret making a huge mistake like that all you like, but it causes immense trouble for the hospital and the people you work with."
...I know I'm at fault, so I feel really pathetic...
Kaori: "......"
I know that. I...I think I know that. But I can't just think I know it. I need to realize how heavy the reality of what she's saying is and make sure I don't blow it like this again.
Hatsumi: "...Enough. Go wash your face and get back to work."
She lets out a sigh and turns her back to me.
Kaori: "*Sniff*...*sniff*..."
Yasuko: "Don't cry, newbie. You ain't got nobody to blame but yourself."
Her words are harsh, but Yamanouchi's voice is gentle.
Yasuko: "You know why you got called out, right? Today, your attitude's a bit much to see."
Kaori: "Urgh...R-Right..."
Yasuko: "But...y'know, the Chief was a little too harsh."
Right...I know it was all my fault, but she was...really harsh...
Yasuko: "But it ain't like she was saying anything wrong, so don't worry too much about it. Just do your best."
Kaori: "...*Sniff*...all right..."
I've thought this from before, but it feels like the Chief is...a little harsh on me. Is it wrong for me to have fun while I work with Senpai? I mean, it just ends up being fun. What am I supposed to do about that? Is the Chief really harsh on Senpai for happily chattering away as she works? I haven't seen that once. Then why does she only call me out? I know I'm at fault for blowing it, but she doesn't have to throw the book at me like that. Does she just hate me...? Ahh, this is so depressing... I wonder if a day will come when she compliments me...?
====================scr00218.kgo====================
Since I have a bit of time, Senpai and I are visiting the examination and x-ray rooms. We're on patrol, making our rounds.
Nagisa: "Now, they won't actually deliver the test or x-ray results. They just send us messages, just like the pharmacy."
Nagisa: "And they won't even send us messages when they're super busy, so we have to find pockets of free time to go get them ourselves."
Kaori: "They could at least give us a message, too..."
Nagisa: "Well, not really. When they've got a lot of orders in hand, they're just too busy to do anything but get through them."
Nagisa: "And we have times like that, too, so we have to be considerate to make work run smoothly."
Kaori: "Y-Yeah, you're right! That's a lot like you, Senpai -- being extra considerate of your coworkers so we can all get along!"
Nagisa: "H-Hey, flattery won't get you anywhere."
We giggle to each other as we walk down the hall. It's just between morning and afternoon examinations...or, rather, it's a bit before evening examinations, so there aren't too many patients about. That makes the hallways a lot easier to walk through. We came down to the outpatient floor, and after checking the examination room, we returned a medical report of a patient that had left the hospital quite some time ago to the receptionist.
Kaori: "Senpai, is this all we needed to do on the first floor?"
Nagisa: "Hmm...well, the orders we put in for the afternoon probably aren't ready yet, so..."
Then, I notice a boy running towards me from the corner of my eye. And right there, I feel a gust of wind from my feet.
Kaori: "Kyehhh?!"
Hiro: "Man, these are some lame panties!"
Komu: "And she went ‘kyehh,’ too!"
The boy who flipped my skirt was Hiro, the most mischievous of the kids in 306. He's watching me with a devilish grin.
Kaori: "Wh...wh...!"
I hurry to push my skirt down, but it's too late. He'd flipped it up high, and everyone had seen what was underneath...
Nagisa: "......!!"
Kaori: "Senpai!"
When I try to seek Senpai's help, she just looks away with her hands over her mouth. H-Help me, please...!
Hiro: "White panties, white panties!"
Komu: "Kyehh, kyehh!"
Kaori: "Hey! Quit it!"
The run around the hall, singing their taunting song at me. They're far too quick to catch, too, dodging my arms at the last second.
Hiro: "Oww! What was that for, you uggo?!"
Yasuko: "You've got a lotta guts sayin' that to the beautiful nurse Yamanouchi!"
Yamanouchi appears to have smacked Hiro with the rolled up cardiogram sheet she has in her hands.
Yasuko: "Y'all forgot to take your cardiogram."
She smiles at us. Hiro, on the other hand, stubbornly circles around her.
Hiro: "I'll flip your skirt, too!"
He's after Yamanouchi's skirt!
Yasuko: "It's ten years too early for you to be poking around women's underwear, brat!"
She wards him off with the electro-cardiogram chart as she signals with her eyes for us to get going. Completely red-faced, I hurry away with Senpai.
Yasuko: "Phew...ya really had it rough, huh Sawai?"
Yamanouchi comes back to the nurses station with a big grin.
Yasuko: "Well, I gave that brat a real good punishin'!"
Nagisa: "Wh...what did you do to him? He's just a kid!"
Yamanouchi waves and laughs off Senpai's worries.
Yasuko: "I didn't smack ‘im or nothin’. I just did to him what he did to Sawai."
Kaori: "You did the same thing?"
Yasuko: "I pulled down his pajama pants."
Kaori: "Whuh?!"
Nagisa: "Whaaaat?"
Yasuko: "I went a little hard and his undies went down, too, but that as just a lil' accident."
Yamanouchi grinned with a peace sign.
Yasuko: "White, just like yours, Sawai."
Kaori: "...Uwah!"
Yasuko: "Eye for an eye, y'know what I mean? Gotta teach those crappy kids how rough the world is."
Nagisa: "Don't come crying to me if his parents let you have it."
Yasuko: "No need to worry about that! If he complains that a nurse saw his underwear, they'd just say ‘yeah, and?’ and leave it at that."
...Ah, she probably has a point...
Yasuko: "But Sawai, that just wasn't okay."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Yasuko: "Yer underwear. It's a little...lacking. It goes up to your belly button, and it's white...I mean, people who are turned on by that sorta thing'd love it, but..."
Kaori: "I-It doesn't go up to my belly button! It goes right below!"
I shout before I realized it, so I quickly cover my mouth.
Yasuko: "That's the same thing, dummy. And even worse, the panty line's totally visible."
Okay...there she has a point. It doesn't stand out in the other nurse's uniforms, but for some reason, my line really stands out...it's weird.
Yasuko: "Sometimes your underwear's real visible when you're in nurse getup, so you want to be a bit more selective in what you wear."
Kaori: "Selective...?"
Yasuko: "Like, for example...picking some underwear with a hard to see line, or just going commando with some pantyhose."
Kaori: "C-Commando?!"
Senpai bursts out laughing beside me. I just watch Yamanouchi with wide eyes. I thought she was joking as usual, but she nods with a surprisingly serious expression.
Yasuko: "There's nurses out there like that, trust me. But...that's a bit more specialized. Most people just go with thongs or lacey wears."
N-Now we're talking about grown up underwear... Oh! That reminds me...
Kaori: "Like the Chief..."
Yasuko: "Hm?"
Kaori: "...The Chief wore some really adult looking underwear..."
Yasuko: "Hey, Fujisawa. Sawai and the Chief been comparing panties or somethin'?"
Nagisa: "Huh?! Why would you think that?!"
Kaori: "N-No, it's not that! I just ran into her in the changing room and...!"
Yasuko: "I know, I know, I'm just kidding. So, what kinda panties she wearin'?"
Kaori: "Er...she was wearing..."
I try to remember what she looked like a few days ago. 
Kaori: "It was a pink string, I think..."
Yasuko: "String?! Whoa...not bad, Chief!"
W-Wait, what? She seems awfully impressed, but I don't really want to dig deeper.
Yasuko: "And pink, too...! That's kinda adorable! Really adorable!"
Kaori: "W-Well, it wasn't a childish pink, it was more muted than that...oh, and it had a rose pattern, too!"
Yasuko: "A rose! A calmly colored pink rose pattern! That's something only a grown woman could pull off!"
Something only a grown woman could pull off... Yeah, she's right. I'd look a little off wearing that kind of underwear.
Yasuko: "And it was a string, on top of that! The Chief really is somethin' -- that's not somethin' some half baked chick could pull off!"
...Yamanouchi is really stuck on the string. Is underwear where the sides are strings actually that enticing...? ...Though, shape aside, I wonder if I can grow up into someone who can pull off that look... 
Kaori: "I think it was brown and lacey."
Yasuko: "Taking on the challenging brown color and owning it...now that's a mature woman's sex appeal! Totally different from your belly button panties, Sawai!"
Kaori: "They're not up to my belly button!"
As I shoot back, I feel a little down when I remember the Chief in her underwear. I...probably don't have an ounce of sex appeal. 
Kaori: "I think it was a black thong."
Yasuko: "Black!! Black, you said?!"
Kaori: "Y-Yeah, if I'm not mistaken..."
Yasuko: "Whoa, black panties? And they're a thong? Now that really gets the mind going! Yeah, a woman with a high salary's gotta have high quality panties!"
Y-Yamanouchi... I can't help but let out a sigh. I wish I could get some of the Chief's sex appeal, myself. Maybe I'd be a little sexy if I wore a thong? Hrm...would it suit me...?
Nagisa: "I think your white panties are fine, Sawai..."
Senpai whispers that, as if she's read my mind.
Kaori: "Hwah?"
Senpai's cheeks are just a little red as she looks away.
Nagisa: "...The way you are now...really suits you."
Kaori: "Senpai..."
Yamanouchi is looking back and forth between us with very interested eyes.
Yasuko: "Oh-ho, that sure sounds a bit suggestive!"
Nagisa: "Hmph! Let's quit talking about panties already!"
???: "I agree. This may be an all female office, but I do think talking endlessly about panties is unseemly. What if a patient overheard you?"
Kaori: "!!"
I timidly turn around.
Yasuko: "Ah, ahaha, Ch-Chief, you were back?"
Yamanouchi, your voice is breaking...
Nagisa: "W-Well, I think I'll go do my rounds of the ward..."
Nagisa stands up nervously. I scramble to stand up, too.
Kaori: "Huh?! W-Wait, I'm coming, too!"
Wahhh, talk about your bad timing! I got my skirt flipped up, I got my panties looked at... Today is just NOT my day!
====================scr00219.kgo====================
I finished my IV rounds, and I did all my vital checks. The ward's been awfully calm today. It's nice to just kind of relax like this. Senpai's off today, so I have to work really hard alone, but...at this rate, I think I'll be okay.
???: "Wahhh! Miss Nurse!"
I hear a sudden shout. It came from the children's room, right?! When I turn around, I see a girl dash from room 306 and cling to me.
Kaori: "K-Kohaku?!"
Kohaku: "Miss Nurse, it's really bad!"
Kaori: "Wh-What is?"
Kohaku: "Hurry! Hurry, follow me!"
Kaori: "H-Hang on...!"
Kohaku pulls me into room 306, and that's where I see...!
Kaori: "Ah...!"
There's a girl on the bed, shaking and foaming at the mouth.
Kohaku: "Wh-What's wrong with Kikyo?! Is she okay, Miss Nurse?!"
Her name was Kikyo, right...? I flip through the pages of Kikyo's report in my head, trying to remember what I can from the glimpse I took of it. What was she sick with, again...?
Kaori: "O-Oh my..."
What should I do?! I don't think there's anyone at the nurses station right now. The Chief is off and on call, and Yamanouchi is in the examination room on an emergency examination order. Kikyo is shuddering, with her eyes white and bubbles coming from the sides of her mouth. What...what's going on here...? Wh-What do I do? What should I do?! I feel like a cold hand has clutched my heart. A cold sweat runs down my back. Kikyo...oh, Kikyo, what's going to happen to you?! Is she just going to keep shaking, and then vomit blood, and then...die...?
Kaori: "...!"
My legs start to shake violently. I drop to my knees. What do I do...?! I'm...scared. I'm so scared I want to cry. I feel like I need to do something, but my body just won't move. She's having...convulsions. I wrote her temperature chart, if memory serves... She often has fevers, and I made her an ice pack once when her fever was over 37 degrees Celsius. If she has a fever and convulsions, does that mean these are...fever convulsions? A variety of words and fragments of memories float around my mind. But was there report that she had a fever in this morning's vitals check? I have the feeling there weren't any reports like that. Did she suddenly get a fever? ...If so, why?
Kohaku: "Please! Miss Nurse, help Kikyo!"
Kohaku clutches my arm as she looks up at me with scared eyes....She's right. I'm the one who has to do something here... Should I contact the doctor? But that would mean I'd have to leave here for a bit. Can I really leave her bedside when she's in this condition? What if something happened to her while I was gone?
Ami: "What's wrong?!"
Ami rushes into the room.
Ami: "Kaorin?! What happened to Kikyo?!"
Kaori: "W-Well..."
Ami: "I-Is she having a seizure?!"
Huh?
Kaori: "Ami, do you know what's happening to her?"
Ami: "This happens sometimes, I've seen it before!"
Kaori: "Really?!"
Ami: "Yeah. And I remember how to treat it, too."
Ami's been in the hospital for a long time, and she's the oldest in this room. She might know more about this than I do... So I should probably follow what she says. But Ami's not the one who went to nursing school here, so maybe I should do something myself. What do I do...? Do as Ami says. Do something yourself.
Kaori: "Can you tell me what to do, Ami? I'll give it a try!"
Ami: "Er, well, when she had a seizure last time, the nurse put her on her side."
Ohh! I've got to secure her airway first! I learned this in nursing school! With that, I scramble to get Kikyo on her side. The other children watch from their beds with worried eyes.
Kaori: "What's next?!"
Ami: "She put something in her mouth!"
Something in her mouth...? Oh, something to make sure she wouldn't bite her tongue. What was that instrument called again? Oh, a bite block! But I don't have one on me, and her seizure isn't so bad that she'd bite her tongue...
Kaori: "Did she do anything else?"
Ami: "She called for help with the nurse call next, and then kind of held her up so she wouldn't fall and checked to see if she was going pale...I think...?"
That's a good point. You'd want to hold down someone when they're having a seizure to make sure they don't fall out of the bed.
Ami: "Normally, she'd just go back to normal after a while, and when she does, the nurses would take her blood pressure and send her to the doctor...that kind of stuff, I think."
Kaori: "Ohh! That's a big help, thanks! I'm impressed at how calm you are in all this, Ami."
Ami blushes a little at the compliment.
Ami: "I'm just used to it. And I know this isn't really something you want to be used to, too."
Kaori: "You're probably right."
Kikyo's seizure calms down before I know it, and her breathing stabilizes. I let out a sigh of relief. Phew...I'm so glad Ami was here. And if Kikyo's seizure hadn't calmed down...I just don't know what I would have done.
Kaori: "I'll let the others know. Can you hit the nurse call if anything happens to Kikyo?"
Ami: "Sure."
I see that Kikyo has stabilized and leave room 306 for the nurses station....I can't depend on the patients. I'm the nurse here.
Kaori: "......"
What do I do? What should I do here? I put my hands to my chest and take a deep breath. I breathe in and out a few times. That helps to calm me down. All right, I'm going to be okay.
Kaori: "Ami, do you know why Kikyo is convulsing like that?"
Ami: "Well...I remember the nurse saying it was an epileptic seizure, or something..."
...Childhood epilepsy... Now this I learned about in school. The symptoms... And how to deal with it. All right, let's calm down first. What's the first thing we should do?
Kaori: "First, I need to secure her airway."
I slowly hold Kikyo up as I put her on her side. I allow the bubbles that had built up in her mouth to come out, and then wipe off the exterior. I have to pull up the bed rails to make sure she doesn't fall off, too. The other kids are watching me from their beds with worried eyes, so I pull out a smile.
Kaori: "Kikyo's going to be fine. She can't rest if everyone's making a fuss, though, so let's try to be a little more quiet."
The kids seal their lips and nod in understanding. Epileptic seizures shouldn't last too long, but I measure the time just in case. I take a look at my watch. It looks like about five minutes have passed since coming into the room. You should really start to worry if it goes on for thirty minutes or longer, but......I take a look over at Kikyo to see that she's mostly calmed down.
Ami: "Wow, Kaorin, that was amazing..."
Ami whispers in awe.
Ami: "You're so cool!"
Kaori: "Well, I'm still a nurse."
Saying that with a bit of a joking tone, I let out a quiet sigh. I'm relieved that worked out somehow... Kikyo slowly opens her eyes.
Kaori: "Oh, Kikyo, have you come to?"
She nods at my voice, like she's just woken up.
Kaori: "I'll go get some supplies, so can you give me a nurse call if something happens, Ami?"
Ami: "Leave it to me!"
Kaori: "So, Kikyo in room 306 had an epileptic seizure that ended in about five minutes. Her vitals had returned to normal levels afterwards."
Hatsumi: "That sounds like quite the episode. Good job, Sawai."
That ends my nervous report to the chief. I let out a tense breath. Yamanouchi lightly pats my shoulder.
Yasuko: "Pretty good for a newbie, I do declare! Good job not freakin' out and actually dealing with the situation. Ya sure have grown, Sawai."
Kaori: "Ahaha, I was terribly nervous, actually!"
Yasuko: "Nah, you did real well! Your average newbie would freak out and fall apart if they saw someone having a seizure."

Kaori: "To be honest, Ami told me what to do. If Ami hadn't been there to give me advice...I don't want to think about it."
Yasuko: "Oh, Ami, huh? Yeah...she's a bit more in the know than your average, sloppy newbie..."
Hatsumi: "...Was that true, just now?"
Eep! Did the Chief just hear me?!
Hatsumi: "You had a patient help you? Do you have any sense of responsibility as a nurse?"
Kaori: "I-I'm sorry..."
Hatsumi: "Fortunately nothing happened, but what if something had? You can't shift the blame to the patient."
Kaori: "Yes, ma'am..."
Hatsumi: "You need to realize that you are a medical professional. Realize that, and study."
Kaori: "Yes, ma'am..."
After lecturing me with a harsh glare, the Chief hurries out of the nurses station. Yamanouchi just silently pats my shoulder. Ahh, she's taking pity on me... I'm still a crummy nurse, aren't I? I've got to try a lot harder. All right! First I'll learn about our patients! I'll start with what I can, bit by bit. I try to rouse myself out of despair and open up Kikyo's report. 
Kaori: "I-I tried my best..."
...Honestly, I was at the end of my rope. If I didn't have my little spell, I'd definitely have been crying. But I don't think anyone would believe me if I told them that.
Hatsumi: "I'm glad to hear that. Keep up the good work."
After smiling at me, the Chief leaves the nurses station. Eheheh...did she compliment me...? I eagerly open up Kikyo's report, feeling joy bubble up in my chest.
====================scr00220.kgo====================
Kaori: "Oh, I'll take it!"
Nagisa: "Hey, thanks."
The Chief laid into me for being too laid back last week, so I've got to be more proactive on the job! I'm not going to get chewed out for that again!
Kaori: "Hello, what seems to be the problem?"
Patient: "...I feel a little...dizzy..."
Dizzy? Does that mean it's Miss Choto, with the Meniere's? Let me check the room! 305, bingo!
Kaori: "I'll be right over."
Nagisa: "...Who was it from?"
Kaori: "It was from 305, so I think it was from Miss Choto. Anyway, I'm off!"
Nagisa: "Take care!"
Kaori: "Miss Choto? How's your dizziness feeling?"
Choto: "Oh...well, it does feel a little better. I'm sorry for calling, I know you must be busy..."
Kaori: "Please, don't apologize. That's what we're there for. So, do you feel nauseous?"
Choto: "Not that much. But, well...I do feel like I've been on a boat this whole time..."
On a boat... Come to think of it, I remember reading something like this before. I've done a lot of studying since last time!
Kaori: "Excuse me, I'm going to need to touch you for a moment."
I hold up both her cheeks in my hands and peer into her eyes. Her pupils are moving around irregularly. Is this that Meniere's disease symptom, nystagmus?
Kaori: "Have you taken your medicine?"
Choto: "I don't feel nauseous enough to take it, don't you worry."
Kaori: "I'll take your blood pressure, then."
Choto: "Hm? I may be just imagining this, but my dizziness feels much better..."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Choto: "Perhaps seeing this young nurse do her best to work with me eased my pain. *Giggle*"
Kaori: "Um..."
I'm right in the middle of measuring her blood pressure... What should I do? I should probably measure it, anyway. I mean, I did get a nurse call, and that's why I'm in this room now, so I think I'd need a record...
Kaori: "Y-Your blood pressure is 122/76. Nothing to worry about there."
Choto: "Thank you kindly. Say, how about one of these?"
She holds out a box of sweets with a bright smile....But I can't give in.
Kaori: "...I-I really appreciate the gesture..."
Choto: "My! You're still young, but you're talking like a veteran already!"
Miss Choto seems strangely...happy that I turned down her offer?
Choto: "You sure have grown! Oh, I'm so proud of you!"
Huh? ...Is this how a nice older lady would feel after watching a little neighborhood girl finish her first errand? Would that mean I'm the little girl who got her errand done after countless trials, then? I'm not exactly sure how to feel about this....But I am grateful that there's someone watching over me. That's something to be happy about.
Choto: "You make a lot more mistakes as you get more accustomed to the job, but we've all been there, so don't let it get under your skin too much."
Choto: "I know you can become a veteran if you work hard!"
Kaori: "Yes, ma'am! I'll do my best!"
We've all been there, huh... Good point. I get yelled at a lot, but everyone got yelled at when they were new. I'm sure that the Chief, Yamanouchi, and even the nurses who work part time here were all newbies at some point! And thinking that makes me feel a lot better!
Kaori: "I'm back!"
Nagisa: "Welcome back! How was it?"
Senpai looks a little worried. Senpai, I'm going to do my best to catch up to you!
Kaori: "Miss Choto's dizzy spell seems to have healed. She wasn't nauseous, but she did have nystagmus. Her blood pressure was 122/76, and she didn't drink her medicine."
Nagisa: "..."
She stares at me with her mouth agape....Did I say something strange?
Yasuko: "Not bad, newbie. Write that down and you'll have a great record on your hands."
Kaori: "Eh?"
Kaori: "Hwahhh!"
That's when I see Senpai throw her arms around me.
Nagisa: "Sawai, I can't believe how much you've grown! I couldn't be more proud of you!"
Kaori: "S-Senpai?! I just thought that this is the kind of report you would give, so..."
Nagisa: "But still! Even if I taught you well, I'm still really proud at how far you've come! Ohhh, what am I going to do?!"
Yasuko: "It's not like you have anything to do, Fujisawa."
Nagisa: "You just don't understand this joy, Yamanouchi. *Sniff*...My Sawai's grown up so fast."
Senpai strokes my head with her arm still around me. Wow...I didn't think she'd be this happy to see me grow...
Kaori: "Then I'll work even harder! I'll put in so much work that I'll overtake you, Senpai!"
Nagisa: "Hmph! There you go, letting a tiny compliment get to your head! That's not cute at all, Sawai!"
She pinches my nose.
Kaori: "Thath hurths, Thenpai!"
Hatsumi: "...Would you two mind getting back to work...?"
====================scr00221.kgo====================
Kaori: "I'm back!"
I've gotten pretty used to the job. Even some patients comment on how far I've come, so I must be doing something right. Like, I can take care of Mr. Otai when he's vomiting by myself now. And I'm a lot smoother with my reports now, too. I get to the nurses station table, quickly write up a report, and do a big stretch.
Hatsumi: "Everyone, attention, please! Who changed Mrs. Amino's diaper this morning?"
The Chief asks that as she steps through the door and looks over us.
Kaori: "Mrs. Amino...?"
Senpai, Yamanouchi and I were on diaper changing duty this morning, and we started from room 301.
Nagisa: "S-Sawai and I changed it..."
Senpai timidly raises her hand. Senpai and I had handled Mrs. Amino, while Yamanouchi handled Mr. Ryu next to her.
Kaori: "Er...is something the matter?"
Hatsumi: "...So, it was you two..."
She seems both unsurprised and flustered.
Hatsumi: "Mrs. Amino's stool was leaking out of her diaper."
Kaori: "What?!"
I reflexively stand up when I hear that.
Hatsumi: "There's no need to move, I changed them already."
Kaori: "B-But if her diaper leaked, that means..."
Hatsumi: "I changed her diaper, pajamas, bed sheets and bandages, and I explained everything to her family. So you don't need to do anything."
Nagisa: "....."
Senpai's face is completely pale. Come to think of it, I saw her family with her grandchild a while ago... Her family said that her grandchild hadn't seen her in half a year, either. But every time she moved, the smell of feces would follow, leading the rare meeting to a premature end.
Hatsumi: "I see how hard you've been working, Sawai. And Fujisawa does, too."
Hatsumi: "But you don't want to start slacking off because you've gotten used to the job."
I-I'm not...slacking off......But am I? Can I say that I didn't think diaper changing wasn't even a little bit of a pain with a straight face?
Nagisa: "I-I understand what you're saying, Chief, but we weren't trying to cut corners when we changed her diaper!"
Senpai covers for me.
Nagisa: "And Sawai, like I did, tried to change it as quickly as possible so that she wouldn't catch a cold."
Nagisa: "Though we had definitely messed up in not noticing that the diaper wasn't placed properly..."
Hatsumi: "...Say..."
The Chief puts her hand to her temple as she lets out a sigh.
Hatsumi: "If you two were bedridden and had your underwear put on inside out because someone didn't want you to catch a cold, how would you feel?"
Kaori: "Ah, well...my butt would feel tight, and the front would feel really stiff."
Hatsumi: "How many hours could you stand that?"
Nagisa: "......"
Kaori: "I..."
Hatsumi: "I checked. Mrs. Amino had the out of place diaper put on her after breakfast and has felt uncomfortable since."
Hatsumi: "She wanted to have it redone, but she has aphasia and didn't want to ask, so she just endured."
Hatsumi: "But she couldn't hold it and excreted before lunch. In front of her visiting family, no less."
Hatsumi: "She knew she would dirty her bed if she did that with her diaper out of position, but she couldn't help it."
Hatsumi: "And then lunch came in, so she hid it the whole time while eating with her family."
Hatsumi: "...You have to wonder how she felt. How would you two feel?"
I try to imagine how she felt. I imagine myself doing the same thing in front of my mother, father, and sister...and it just makes me want to cry.
Kaori: "I'm...I'm sorry..."
Hatsumi: "I'm not the one you should apologize to."
Nagisa: "Th-Then we'll go apologize right now!"
Hatsumi: "You're going to interrupt their family time? At least wait until her grandchild goes home before you apologize."
She shoots us down like flies.
Nagisa: "...Urgh."
Senpai is sobbing quietly next to me. Oh, it looks like...like we feel exactly the same way... When I think that, I feel a strange fix of despair, guilt, and relief as tears come to my eyes.
Kaori: "...I'm sorry..."
Nagisa: "...I-I'm very sorry, too..."
Hatsumi: "Crying won't solve a thing!"
We jolt up when yelled at.
Hatsumi: "You should know who wanted to cry most of all, don't you?!"
Kaori: "...!"
...She's...she's right... Mrs. Amino wanted to cry the most, but after having to deal with the awful mistake her subordinates made, the Chief wanted to cry, too... And it was all because of us. We don't have the right to cry...
Hatsumi: "It's laudable that you've gotten used to the job, but we deal with people's hearts and lives in this line of work."
Hatsumi: "If you slack off and cut corners, someone will get hurt. That someone may be a patient or a coworker, but you'll end up hurt most of all."
Nagisa: "...Yes, ma'am."
Hatsumi: "Remember this. Everything you say, everything you do, will always come back to you."
I resolve to carve the Chief's words into my mind. I don't want to cut corners like this ever again.
Yasuko: "...*Sigh* Wow. Was wondering what would happen to you two."
Yamanouchi pops back in with her regular tone. That voice eases the tense air of the nurses station in an instant.
Yasuko: "Well, I guess it's nice that you got caught before ya got ahead of yourself and gotten into bad habits? Overconfidence'll do stuff to ya."
Senpai's relief seems to get the better of her, and she crouches down and starts crying. I hug her shoulders and start crying, myself. I don't want to go through this ever again, and I don't want to put a patient through it, either.
Hatsumi: "Your discipline isn't over yet."
Kaori: "...Hwah?"
Nagisa: "...Discipline?"
Senpai and I raise our tear-ridden faces when we hear that. As Yamanouchi grinned away, I couldn't believe the words our stone-faced Chief delivered. After work, Senpai and I are looking at each other in my room.
Nagisa: "...Are we really going to do this?"
Kaori: "...Well, we can't not do it, right...?"
Nagisa: "...Well, point there, but..."
We're facing each other, and in between us are two paper diapers. "Experience excreting in a diaper for yourselves when you get back to your dorm rooms. You can take back as many diapers as you need."
"Write about your experience in a report and hand them to me tomorrow morning. Understood?"
"Hey, trust me on this -- you ain't pullin' a fast one over the Chief, so don't bother."
Nagisa: "...But...she wants us to poop in diapers? ...Hey, how about we just pretend we did when we write our reports?"
I think Yamanouchi is right. I can't imagine we'd be able to pull off lying to the Chief. And who knows how much she'll yell at us when she finds out...? And it would be fine if all she did was get mad at us, but I have the feeling she'd look down on us, too. But...she wants us to go in diapers...? Wh-What should I do...? But we've got to do it. She won't know if we keep quiet. But...we made our beds and now we have to sleep in them. I really, really don't want to do this, but I know there's a point to it.
Kaori: "I...I think I'll do it."
Nagisa: "Seriously?!"
Kaori: "Well...we're talking about the Chief, you know? She'll see right through us, there's no way she won't. We can't just hide it the whole time."
Senpai makes a difficult face as she thinks it over.
Nagisa: "...True, I think it'd be a little tough to hide something from the Chief like that... I don't think I could pull it off."
Kaori: "Exactly. And if she sees through us, we'll probably get a lot more than yelled at, too."
Nagisa: "Y-Yeah, I could see that..."
Senpai shudders, and I'm sure it's out of fear.
Nagisa: "W-Well, let's give it a shot, then... So. who's first?"
Senpai picks up a diaper with a resolved face. Looks like she's ready. This is when women are at their strongest! Time to show the Chief what we're made of!
Kaori: "How about...instead of an order, we do it at the same time?"
When I timidly ask that, Senpai goes a little red and nods. Then, I pick up my diaper...
Nagisa: "...We can't talk to anyone about today, all right?!"
Her face is beet red now.
Kaori: "Wh-Why would I want to talk to anyone about this?!"
I go just as red as Senpai when I reply....So, what happened? Well....Ahhh, I really don't want to say.
Nagisa: "W-Well, now we can write a realistic report!"
Kaori: "W-We sure can. No one's going to doubt the report we write... Not the Chief, not Yamanouchi, not anyone...right?"
Nagisa: "R-Right! I mean...i-if they did..."
Kaori: "......"
Nagisa: "W-Well, I'll be heading back to my room to write up that report...so... See you tomorrow, Sawai."
Kaori: "Y-Yeah...see you tomorrow!"
After seeing Senpai off as she leaves my room with her used diaper, I set down at my desk.
Kaori: "T-Time to write that report! Yup! This report's going to dazzle the Chief!"
Hatsumi: "I read your reports."
...H-Here it comes...
Hatsumi: "...I think they were very well-written. Seeing you put this much effort into it was a pleasant surprise."
Hearing the Chief say that fills me with relief. I look at Senpai to see her smile at me with tears in her eyes. I'm so moved that I can't help tearing up, either.
Hatsumi: "I didn't think you'd actually do it, so I expected you to fake it, but...it looks like I'd underestimated you two."
Hatsumi: "Keep up the good work, and don't forget what you learned."
Nagisa: "Yes, ma'am!"
Kaori: "We'll do our best!"
...Thank goodness... I'm really glad that we got over how gross it was and just did it. The more I think about it, the more I don't want to do this at all.
Kaori: "...W-Well, if we keep quiet, she won't know...right?"
Nagisa: "...If we just use our imaginations and write something that sounds convincing..."
I gulp.
Nagisa: "And don't even think about doing it on your own and making yourself look good, all right?"
Kaori: "S-Same to you, Senpai..."
Hatsumi: "I read your reports."
...H-Here it comes...
Hatsumi: "...You couldn't have told a more obvious lie. I'm disappointed in you two -- reading these reports was a waste of time."
!! She saw through us?!
Hatsumi: "You can go now. I don't want to waste my time lecturing people who aren't willing to improve. Just make sure you aren't rude to our patients."
Nagisa: "......"
Kaori: "......"
We should have just done it, after all... The Chief looked genuinely hurt. She'd gotten angry at us for our sake, but we betrayed her... I'm sorry. Chief, I'm really sorry...
====================scr00222.kgo====================
Nagisa and I are going about the ward, checking patients' vitals, when...
Komu: "Hey, you can have this!"
Komu from the children's room offers up a can of soda.
Kaori: "Huh?"
Komu: "I'm giving you this!"
He pushes it closer to me. I...don't know what he's getting at. It's cold and looks tasty. But not accepting gifts from patients or their families is a basic hospital rule. I have to turn this down.
Kaori: "I'm sorry, Komu. I appreciate it, but we're not allowed to accept things like this."
Komu doesn't give ground.
Komu: "I said I'm giving it to you, so it's yours!"
He looks behind him with a troubled expression for a moment, then stubbornly pushes the soda at me. Hm. What should I do...?
Nagisa: "Well, why not just take it? Kids won't really listen to you, and if the Chief yells at you for it, I'll cover for you."
Urgh, Senpai's not taking this seriously at all... But Komu looks like he's about to cry, so I can't quite bring myself to turn him down.
Kaori: "All right, since you seem to really want to give it to me. Thanks, Komu."
When I try to put the soda into my pocket, though, Komu starts sounding anxious.
Komu: "Ah! No! You gotta to drink it right here, right now!"
Kaori: "Ri-Right here?! But I'm on duty, I can't..."
When I start objecting, Senpai pokes me.
Nagisa: "How about you just pretend to drink it and then bring it to the nurses station later?"
Kaori: "Oh, good idea."
That way, I won't get clamped down on by any other staff, and I won't upset Komu. Ideally.
Kaori: "Hm?"
I take a good look at the soda can. Hey, I loved this brand in high school. It's sweet, but the fizzy bubbles keep you coming back for more. I didn't know they had an orange flavor! It looks delicious!
Kaori: "Gwahhhh?!"
Hiro: "Got 'em! Oh man, it worked!"
Komu: "Yay, we got her!"
Kaori: "......"
Wait, what is going on...? Komu and Hiro gave each other high fives and celebrated after seeing my blank expression.
Kaori: "Um...?"
Sticky soda drips from my hair. Wait a second...
Nagisa: "Oh NO you didn't!"
Hiro: "Ahh! Let's beat it!"
Nagisa: "Hold it right there, you brat!"
Hiro: "Hah hah, catch me if you can!"
A game of tag starts in the children's room. The other children seem to enjoy the show. And why wouldn't they? There's no other recreation in the hospital....But still, that was pretty awful. Eventually, Senpai captures Komu and brings him to me.
Komu: "I'm...I'm really sorry, miss."
Komu then goes on to explain what this was all about. First, Komu can't stand up to Hiro. Which is why Hiro made Komu give me a can of soda that they'd shaken up beforehand....Which means that Hiro was behind this little trick.
Kaori: "Aha, ahaha!"
I find it all funny and burst out laughing. It's not like scolding him will get me anywhere, and this was a childish trick. I've got to laugh it off and forgive them... Urgh...
Kaori: "Y-You sure got me good, ahah. N-Not bad!"
There's no point in pushing harder now. Komu looks relieved to hear me say that and lets out a bashful laugh. This is why you just can't hate kids. I take another gulp of the canned soda in my hands.
Kaori: "That was a terrible trick, but this soda tastes great..."
Nagisa: "S-Sawai, you've got no time to sip your soda! Don't you need to change?!"
Kaori: "Ahh!"
My hair and uniform and soaked and sticky.
Nagisa: "Hmph, that brat sure knows how to make an escape!"
Kaori: "Ahaha...well, I'll go get changed. Can you take care of this for me?"
I hand Senpai the half-filled can and head for the exit to change.
Hiro: "Ahhh! Gross! An indirect kiss!"
Huh?! When I turn back to Hiro's voice, I see that Senpai has her lips to my soda can...and is completely frozen.
Hiro: "A kiss! You kissed!"
Komu: "Oohhhhh!"
Nagisa: "Wh...!"
Kaori: "An...indirect kiss?"
Hiro: "A kiss! A kiss!"
Senpai's face goes completely red as the kids egg her on, and then... Crack! She slams her knuckles onto Hiro's head.
Hiro: "Ah...wahhhhh!"
Nagisa: "Huh? W-Wait!"
Hiro: "Waaaahhhhh! It hurrrrrrts!"
Kaori: "S-Senpai..."
Nagisa: "W-Wait, no way! After all the horrible pranks you've pulled, THAT'S all it takes to make you cry?!"
Nagisa: "And I didn't even hit you that hard! C'mon, quit it, stop crying!"
Hiro: "Waaaahh! It really hurts!"
Senpai desperately tries to calm him down, but Hiro just cries louder and louder. But...that punch was pretty loud... It...might have hurt a bit...
Hatsumi: "...What's all this fuss?"
A voice electrifies the room, and we all turn to the entrance.
Hatsumi: "...Fujisawa. Would you care to do the honors of explaining why you made a patient cry?"
Nagisa: "W-Well, uh, there's a reason..."
Hatsumi: "And you, Sawai. What in the world has happened to your uniform?"
Kaori: "U-Um, I, er...a can of soda sort of exploded on me..."
Hatsumi: "Soda? You're not going to tell me a patient gave it to you, are you?"
Kaori: "U-Um, well..."
The Chief's cold eyes pierce through me, and sweat mixes with the soda dripping down my face. There's only one thing to do.
Kaori: "I-I'm sorry! I spilled the soda Komu gave me all over myself!"
This calls for a strategic retreat! I've got to apologize!
Hiro: "Wahhhh! The nurse hit me!"
Nagisa: "H-Hey! Shhhh!"
Hatsumi: "She...hit you?"
The Chief's glasses glint. I'm like a frog being glared at by a snake! I can't move!
Nagisa: "N-No, you've got it all wrong! There's a reason for--"
Hiro: "Wahhh! Wahhh, it hurts!"
Hiro pretends to cry as he steals a glance at me and sticks out his tongue.
Nagisa: "Hey, quit pretending to cry, you coward!"
Hatsumi: "...Fujisawa."
Nagisa: "Eep! Y-Yes ma'am?!"
Hatsumi: "...Come to the break room later. Both of you."
Kaori: "...Yes, ma'am..."
Nagisa: "......"
Ignoring our despair, the Chief glares at the children in the room.
Hatsumi: "I understand that you must all be bored here, but our nurses are working for your sake. Playing mean-spirited tricks on them for laughs is completely unacceptable!"
Hatsumi: "Especially you, Komu and Hiro! I'll be reporting this to your parents and leave the scolding to them."
Komu: "Wh-What?!"
Hiro: "That's no fair! Why you gotta do that, you old hag?!"
Eep! Did he just call the Chief an old hag?!
Hatsumi: "......"
The Chief looks at Hiro with cold eyes. Senpai and I hold each other's hands as we watch in breathless fear.
Hatsumi: "......"
Hiro: "Wh-What's with you...?!"
Hatsumi: "......"
Hiro: "......!!"
Hiro looks like he's on the verge of tears.
Hatsumi: "......"
Hiro: "...I'm sorry for calling you an old hag. I-I really think you're a beautiful nurse... Uwahhh, I'm sorrrryyyy!"
Hiro actually apologized?! Through genuine tears?!
Hatsumi: "...Well, as long as you're sorry and won't do it again."
Hiro: "Wahhhh! *Sniff*, *sniff*...!"
Without comforting the crying Hiro, the Chief simply leaves the room as if nothing had happened. The children all go back to their beds in silence....This is such a strange scene to see... Komu pats Hiro on the shoulder. And Hiro goes back into his bed, still in tears.
Nagisa: "...Sawai, you should go change...I'll clean up here."
Kaori: "A-All right..."
Chief...I'm glad you're protecting us, but...being able to make a kid cry with a single glare really is something. But I mean, it's my fault for falling for a kid's trick so easily in the first place... *Sigh* I've still got a long way to go down the road to being a good nurse.
====================scr00223.kgo====================
Two days after the diaper incident, I find myself on lunch break with Yamanouchi.
Yasuko: "...So, how was your report?"
She asks me directly, not even trying to hide her curiosity. And come to think of it, Yamanouchi was off work yesterday. 
Kaori: "The Chief liked it. She said it was-well written."
Yasuko: "Which means...ya actually done gone and did it."
Kaori: "We did. And I think it's a good thing we did, too."
When I say that resolutely, Yamanouchi giggles.
Yasuko: "Ya got a good face on ya. That's a nurse's face."
She complimented me a lot more directly than the Chief did, but I feel excitement build inside me.
Yasuko: "So, Sawai, I got a question for ya."

Kaori: "...She saw through me..."
Yasuko: "Say what?! Wait, you mean ya didn't do it? After I went ‘n warned ya so much? Are y’all really that stupid?!"
Kaori: "Urgh...I totally regret it..."
Yasuko: "Yeah, you'd better regret it! Chewin' someone out takes a TON of energy! Y'all know how much she's putting into you?!"
Yasuko: "She cleaned up after you while having her own work to deal with, and did extra work after hours to teach you the ins and outs of the job...and ya went and betrayed her!"
Uwah... Yamanouchi's statements stab into my heart.
Kaori: "...I'm really sorry abo--"
Yasuko: "Even a monkey can feel sorry, ya moron!"
She pulls no punches.
Yasuko: "So that's why the Chief's been lookin' awful blue since this morning...tch."
Kaori: "...Ahhh..."
Yasuko: "You're getting off easy because this is Chief Otsuka yer dealin' with, but yer coworkers'd really be givin' it to ya in any other hospital. You got that?"
I know that I'm at fault, but the more I remember what I've done, the more I want to cry...
Yasuko: "...Don't make that face. If you're truly sorry, then cheer yerself up and work even harder than before."
Kaori: "But...but the Chief said she was disappointed...that the whole thing was a waste of time...!"
Yasuko: "Ahh! Quit yer wailin'! Of course it was a waste of time to the Chief -- she was just tellin' the truth!"
Kaori: "But, but...!"
It stings my heart to know she is disappointed in me, and I wish I had made better choices. But what stings my heart the most is the hurt look on the Chief's face......and the fact that I am the one who caused that.
Yasuko: "I told ya to quit yer cryin'! It mighta been true, but it was only true yesterday. You got plenty o' time to redeem yerself!"
Kaori: "Redeem myself...?"
Yasuko: "It's real rough to flip a negative opinion to a positive one, but it ain't somethin' ya can't do if ya give it yer all."
Kaori: "You think so...?"
Yasuko: "Yeah, dependin' on how far yer willin' to go. Think you can put the work in and change yer future?"
Yamanouchi's eyes challenge me. How far...am I willing to go? Am I willing to put in the hard work to open a path for myself? I...
Kaori: "I'm willing! I don't want to let anyone down again!"
Yamanouchi giggles and ruffles my hair.
Kaori: "Hwah!"
She's a little rough, but I can't help but smile at the awkward gentleness I feel in her hands.
Yasuko: "So, Sawai, I got a little suggestion for ya."
Kaori: "You do?"
Yasuko: "How 'bout you have a change of pace?"
Kaori: "A change of pace? What do you mean...?"
Unable to follow Yamanouchi, all I can do is tilt my head in confusion.
Yasuko: "Lemme give it to ya straight. Sawai, ya like manga?"
Kaori: "Yeah. I get completely absorbed when I read, and I kind of forget about reality when I'm in a story."
Yasuko: "Oh yeah...? What else?"
Kaori: "Well, I kind of sink into the character and feel like I'm going through what they are... Hm, that's true of reading books, too."
Yasuko: "Yeah, definitely. So, what kinda manga did you like, again?"
Kaori: "I buy shojo manga myself, but my little sister likes shonen manga a lot, so I read both."
Yasuko: "Oh? So if ya buy shojo, does that mean you like romance?"
Kaori: "Well, I don't feel too strongly about it? I just like stories where the main character works hard, and there's some romance in there, I think."
Yasuko: "Oh, I hear that! Like, when that whole do-they-like-me-or-not thing goes on and on, you just want her to up and ask 'em!"
Kaori: "Shojo manga might be all about enjoying that frustration, but I'm a little iffy on protagonists that don't move on their own..."
Yasuko: "Exactly, exactly! You wanna cheer on girls that work real hard and sink yerself into them!"
Yasuko: "I think you'd make a real good drinking partner, Sawai!"
Kaori: "Eh, eheh..."
I'm glad that she's beaming at me, but it's a little embarrassing...
Kaori: "E-Er...right now, I'm really into OPERA."
I said the name of my favorite manga to hide my embarrassment, but...
Yasuko: "Wait, you're into OPERA?! I bought the latest volume just yesterday!"
Kaori: "No way?! I knew it was out, but I haven't had the chance to get it!"
I mean, there aren't any book stores with a decent selection of manga in Yurigahama. So I've been thinking of going to Kanakura after work and buying it there, but I've just been so busy with overtime lately that I haven't been able to. Yamanouchi gives me a proud look.
Yasuko: "...Wanna come read it?"
Kaori: "Hwah?"
Yasuko: "People almost never give me back books I lend ‘em, so I'm on a no lendin' policy, but...you can come on over and read it if y’want."
Kaori: "Really?!"
I find myself grabbing Yamanouchi's hand.
Kaori: "I'll come over! I'd love to! Today? Tomorrow?! When's good for you, Yamanouchi?!"
Yasuko: "I don't mind you comin' over today! Oh, we can postpone it till tomorrow if you've got overtime. I don't got time to stay after work with ya."
Kaori: "O-Overtime? I'll...do my best not to get anyway!"
I'll be fine if I just do my best! And when I do, the ultimate encouraging manga is waiting for me... I've got to read OPERA as soon as I can! And the latest volume, number twelve, is the last one! I can't begin to describe how much I've been looking forward to this volume...!
Hatsumi: "I'm glad you're so eager, but it's about time to get back to work."
The Chief peers into the break room with a sour face.
Kaori: "O-Oh, right! I'll be right on it!"
...I let out a bit of a cold sweat when I realize that Yamanouchi's room belongs to that person in the tracksuit I ran into at the lobby, but......but this is the last volume of OPERA! Ahhh, I've got to read it! Back then I didn't really know Yamanouchi, so I should be able to handle seeing her in her tracksuit this time around! I just know it! All right, so this is her room, right? She did say it was 407! Urgh, my heart's kind of pounding... I pushed my body and mind to their limits so I could read the last volume of OPERA, and somehow managed to get off with just ten minutes of overtime. I can't say I feel too good about leaving Senpai behind, but when the Chief told me to get out of there so I wasn't in the way of the night shifters, I couldn't stick around. Yamanouchi's already home. I take three deep breaths in front of her door.
Kaori: "Here goes...!"
Yasuko: "A warm welcome to ya!"
Kaori: "!!"
Sh-She's in her tracksuit again... She's such a beautiful, skilled, and considerate nurse in the hospital, but in her off clothes, there's no mistaking it. She looks like a massive...nerd.
Yasuko: "Hey, c'mon, we don't got all night! I don't want the whole floor t'see me like this."
...She's keeping this a secret...? Yeah, I can see that. The contrast is a bit much, putting it lightly. I'd need a bit of courage to step into her room, but...this is for OPERA!
Kaori: "Sorry for the wait..."
Kaori: "Whoa..."
Yasuko: "Sit wherever ya like."
It's a little rude to say this, but Yamanouchi's room is surprisingly tidy. On top of her table is the last volume of OPERA I can't wait to read, and...
Kaori: "Hey, is that..."
A sheet of paper about twice the size of a notebook leaf, and pencil-drawn...manga...?
Yasuko: "Ya wanna check it out, doncha?"
Kaori: "Eep!"
I freeze up when she peers at me from behind.
Kaori: "U-Um, er, I-I..."
Yasuko: "Cool yer jets, Sawai. Deep breaths, c'mon. In, out..."
Kaori: "In...out..."
I take deep breaths matching Yamanouchi. All right...I feel a little bit better. Is this the same as my little spell? Heh, as if. I take a look at the papers below again.
Kaori: "Er...this is a manga manuscript, right...?"
Yasuko: "What else does it look like?"
Yamanouchi smirks at me. Getting smirked at when she's in her nurse uniform is one thing, but when she's in her tracksuit......she's t-terrifying...
Yasuko: "So. You've gone ‘n seen my secret, and I know you’re real dexterous, so I got a request to ask ya."
She's...got a request?! For me?!
Kaori: "S-Sure! If it's something I can do!"
Yamanouchi unleashes another smirk.
Yasuko: "...It doesn't have t'be all the time, but can ya lend me a hand with my manuscripts?"
Kaori: "Huh...?"
Manga manuscripts...? Is that something an amateur like me can help with? But she did say I was dexterous, so maybe she thinks I actually can help. And I do want to do what I can, since she complimented me... But...
Yasuko: "Well?"
...It's THIS Yamanouchi we're talking about, right? Like, she's in her tracksuit. And I don't know if it's a school-issued tracksuit, but it probably is, right? That is explosively suspicious. If I say I'm going to help, that means I'm going to have to be with her for a really long time after work, right? And besides, can I even help with her manga? I might be able to hear some handy tips about work while I'm helping her out... And getting instructions from someone the Chief acknowledges like Yamanouchi is rather appealing, but...I feel like she'll say that she doesn't talk about work after hours...
Kaori: "Er..."
Help out. Flake out.
Kaori: "...Is it actually something I can help with?"
Yasuko: "Well, I ain't well gonna ask you to do somethin' you can't do. I asked ya because I know ya can do it."
She knows...I can do it...? Huh? Is this emotion I feel bubbling up in me...joy?
Kaori: "U-Um, I'll probably mess up a lot at the beginning, but I'll listen to everything you say!"
Yasuko: "That's what I like to hear! Get ready to learn, newbie!"
Yamanouchi bumps her chest with her fist and grins....That grin is just so scary...
Kaori: "I'm quite flattered that you asked, but...I don't think I can handle it, and I do kind of want free time after work..."
Yasuko: "So yer turning me down?"
Eeeeeep!
Kaori: "W-W-W-Well, it's more like, I'm really up to it, and..."
As I stumble over my words, Yamanouchi grins and pokes my head.
Yasuko: "I'm kiddin', ya dummy."
...... Relief. But, in all honesty...Yamanouchi, you look incredibly off-putting.
Yasuko: "Well, that said, I'm gonna be working on my manga, so you go ahead and read OPERA."
Kaori: "O-Oh, thanks..."
She hands me the last volume of OPERA that I've dreamed so much of and I sit down where she tells me to....Do I not have to help her today? I feel a little bad, just coming over to read manga...
Yasuko: "Really, I want ya to help me out a bit, but...there ain't anythin' for you to help with yet."
Yasuko: "I'll have ya rub out the pencilin' when I'm done inkin', though."
Can Yamanouchi tell what I'm thinking? Man, both the Chief and Yamanouchi are really good at reading people's minds. I wonder if I'll be able to tell what people are thinking by the looks on their faces someday, too. I hope I can pull that off sometime. *Sigh*...I read it all in one go... I've got to do my best at work so that people will cheer me on, like they cheered on Vega in OPERA! ...But, as for Yamanouchi...
Yasuko: "......"
She's been seriously focusing on her desk this whole time.
Kaori: "Um...I finished the volume..."
Yasuko: "...Mm..."
Er...that wasn't really an answer, was it? She's not listening to me, is she? It looks like she's deeply focused, so I don't want to bother her. I'll just leave a note and slip out...
Kaori: "Er, let's see...‘Thanks for inviting me over today. I don't want to disturb you, so I'll see myself out’... There we go."
Kaori: "Oh, and I'll add...‘I want to take after Vega and be more positive about work'. I think that’d be nice."
Kaori: "Um...well, I'll be going now."
Yasuko: "...Mmhmm..."
It looks like she really can't hear me. I'll just go.
====================scr00224.kgo====================
It's the weekend today, so the normally busy outbound patient ward is very quiet. All I can hear are my plodding footsteps echoing throughout the hall, and it's a little scary......but what am I getting all scared about in the middle of the day? I'm on my way to the examination room to pick up some test results, but I notice Ami sitting alone on a bench in the empty waiting room.
Kaori: "Hey, Ami. What brings you here?"
Ami: "Oh, Kaorin!"
With a smile bursting over her face, Ami stands up.
Ami: "I just thought it was so weird how quiet this place is. It's always so busy down here, but when the weekend comes around it sure quiets down. I can't believe it's the same place!"
True. The usually bustling outpatient ward is so silent that it's hard to imagine how it usually is.
Kaori: "It's a little lonely when it's this quiet. The waiting room looks pretty deserted, too."
Ami: "Yeah! I felt like the sofa was crying out for someone to just sit on it, even though people are always battling each other to get a seat here!"
When Ami giggles, she reminds me of someone for a moment...
Ami: "...Kaorin? Is something wrong?"
Kaori: "Oh...well, I just thought you looked kind of like someone I know..."
Ami: "Someone who looks like me?"
Kaori: "Yeah."
I flip through my acquaintances one after another, trying to figure out whose smile that is. Then, a certain someone's face comes to mind.
Kaori: "Oh, I know! Ami, I think you look like my little sister!"
Ami: "R-Really?! Your sister? Wait a second, Kaorin, you have a little sister?!"
Kaori: "Wait, why's that so surprising?"
Ami: "Huh? W-Well...*giggle*"
Ami giggles a little.
Ami: "Well, Kaorin, you're not really like a big sister..."
Kaori: "Hey, that wasn't nice! Like, I'm a new nurse here, so I'm kind of at the bottom, but I'm a total big sister back home!"
Ami: "Well, what's your little sister like?"
When Ami asks, I imagine my little sister.
Kaori: "Well, in a word, I'd say...she's kind of a ditz?"
Ami: "A ditz?!"
Kaori: "Yeah. She forgets her lunch a lot when she's going to school, and she's left her bag at the door before."
Ami: "Whoa, I can...kind of like, understand that..."
Kaori: "Really? When she goes to take a bath, sometimes she'll forget to bring a change of clothes and just walk out in a towel."
Ami: "Ahaha! Oh man, that's totally me!"
Kaori: "It's really something when we have guests over, too. She'll just try to walk out, so I have to dash back to her with clothes in hand."
Ami: "Oh man, I'm jelly! She gets to have you take care of her and stuff."
Kaori: "I've brought her lunch to her classroom more times than I can count..."
I let out a theatrical sigh.
Kaori: "I've had to deliver all sorts of other stuff to her classroom, too, so the other kids know I'm her sister. On top of that, even kids I don't know will call me ‘big sis.’"
Kaori: "Even teachers will look at me and say ‘ah, you're Sawai's older sister'...and they're teachers from different grades! I don’t even know their names!"
Just remembering it gets me in a state...!
Ami: "W-Wait, like, if you think I'm like your sister, does that mean you think I'm a ditz?!"
Kaori: "Mmm...you're kind of like my little sister, but it's not like you're a ditz..."
Ami: "You're pretty sharp, Kaorin. I bet I've got the same scent as your sis, and you picked it up!"
Kaori: "......"
Ami can be surprisingly unreceptive and just not listen sometimes...
Ami: "Like, I forget stuff a bunch, too. And I get things wrong a bunch, too! Like, I'll mishear and misread things all the time!"
Kaori: "You'll misread things?"
Ami: "Mhm. Like sometimes when I see the word ‘bandana' I'll think it says 'banana’, and stuff like that."
Oof, that sounds like something.
Kaori: "So what kind of things do you get wrong?"
Ami: "Well...it's really embarrassing to come out and say, but...I'll talk!"
You're actually going to talk, Ami...?
Ami: "Well, you know how there's that black thing you use in vision tests?"
Kaori: "Oh, an occluder."
Ami: "Ohh, so that's what it's called? Well, I'd put the occluder over my eye, but I'd close the other one."
Kaori: "Come again?"
Ami: "So I'd have one eye covered and one eye closed...so I wouldn't be able to see a thing. So whenever the doctor asked me, I'd just go ‘I can't see, so I don't know.’"
Kaori: "That's pretty goofy to imagine!"
Ami: "So the doctor thought it was weird and came to take a look at me, and then told me that obvious I wouldn't be able to see anything!"
Kaori: "My sister said she just guessed her answers when she couldn't see them."
Ami: "Oh, I've done something like that before! I'll get worried that the other kids are answering when I can't see a thing, I'll say the same thing the kid next to me says."
Kaori: "That's a little bit worrying to hear as someone in the medical field. You can't exactly call that an examination at that point..."
Ami: "Oh, and once when I went to the pool with my friends, I forgot my swimsuit bottom!"
Kaori: "You what?! That sounds crazy!"
Ami: "There weren't any stores nearby that sold swimsuits, and I didn't want to stay out of the pool, so..."
Kaori: "Wait...don't tell me..."
I gulp when I imagine her answer.
Ami: "I ended up swimming in my underwear."
Kaori: "N-No way...!"
Ami: "My swimsuit came with a pareo, so I figured I'd be fine if I didn't go too wild, but...my friends noticed."
Kaori: "Wow! Ami, you're pretty daring."
Ami smiles bashfully as her face goes red.
Ami: "Like, it would've been a total wash if I didn't have a pareo, though. And that was when I learned that panties get see-through when they get wet!"
Kaori: "...That's not something to say loud and proud."
Ami: "Eheheh!"
Kaori: "Swimsuits, huh...you know, that reminds me..."
Ami: "Y-Yeah?!"
Ami leans forward with excitement written all over her face.
Kaori: "Back when we were in elementary school, we'd gone to swim in the school pool during summer vacation, but my sister had worn her swimsuit all the way from the house."
Kaori: "And I wore my swimsuit under my clothes."
Ami: "Yeah, I do that a bunch!"
Kaori: "We were sitting on the bench near the bus stop on the way home, right? So when the bus came and we got up, I noticed that the place my sister was sitting at was all wet..."
Ami: "Oh my gosh...! Don't tell me, did she...?"
Kaori: "I thought the same thing, so I asked her right before we got on the bus. And when I did..."
Kaori: "She said she'd forgotten to bring a change of underwear, so she'd just worn her wet swimsuit under her clothes. Ahh, she was so nonchalant about it, too!"
Ami: "Ahaha, well, I'm glad she didn't wet herself!"
Kaori: "I asked her why she didn't just say something, and I ended up laying my towel on her seat on the bus... I was so nervous back then, let me tell you."
Ami: "When you wear swimsuit under your clothes, it's like, super easy to forget to bring underwear and stuff!"
Kaori: "Really?! I thought it was just my sister that did that!"
Ami: "I do that a lot, and end up going home commando! I'm like, a commando pro!"
Kaori: "Th-That's not something to sound so proud about!"
Ami: "*Giggle*!"
After having ourselves a good laugh, Ami gazes at me with a rare, serious expression.
Ami: "Kaorin, you're such a nice big sis."
Kaori: "I'm not, really. She just messes up a lot, so I just have to help her along."
Ami: "But you're seriously nice! Y'know, I always wanted a sister just like you!"
Kaori: "You're an only child, Ami?"
Ami nods.
Ami: "Yeah, I'm an only child. I don't have any sisters, big or little."
Am I just imagining the hint of sadness on her face?
Ami: "I always wanted a nice sister like you, Kaorin."
Kaori: "H-Hwah? But there are a bunch of other big sisters way nicer than me."
Ami: "No way, I want you, Kaorin! You're the best one!"
She hugs me tight. I softly push her away and smile at her....The Chief wouldn't let me hear the end of it if she happened to see us.
Kaori: "I'm honored to hear that, but...I'm sorry."
Ami: "If you were my big sister, Kaorin, I just know you'd protect me from all sorts of things with everything you've got..."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Ami: "Like, if I had trouble at school, or if I was worried about something...you'd hear me out and help me, right?"
Kaori: "I-I don't know about that? I probably wouldn't notice, since I'm pretty dense, eheh."
Kaori: "If we were in school together, I don't think I'd ever be lonely or scared..."
A-Ami...? When I see the lonely look on Ami's face, something feels...off. But she puts on a smile immediately, as if nothing were wrong.
Ami: "Oh, I know! Kaorin, how about you be my big sister? Just while I'm in the hospital?"
Kaori: "Hwaahhhh?!"
Ami: "Please, Kaorin! I'm stuck in this hospital and can't even go to school -- please, take some pity on this adorable, innocent patient of yours!"
Kaori: "...Th-That's not something to say yourself..."
I'm taken aback at the sight of Ami clasping her hands. She's looking at me with eyes full of expectation....But.
Kaori: "I'm sorry, I can't do that."
A wave of disappointment comes over her face.
Ami: "Wh...but, why...?"
I wouldn't mind her calling me "big sis"
that much, truth be told. But I'm a nurse at this hospital, and Ami is a patient. And in a work environment like this, that would be inappropriate.     "Patients aren't your friends.      What do you think you're doing,      having a patient call you ‘big sis’?"
Ahh, it's so easy to imagine her saying that...! And besides, if Ami calls me big sis, the other kids will want to, too. Because she's not the only one lonely in the hospital. The other kids in the room look pretty pleasant, but I think they're just hiding their loneliness. They've been separated from their families, and they're away from home... And when I think of that, I realize I can't give Ami special treatment....Though I do feel bad for her.
Kaori: "I'm sorry, Ami. I'm really glad you feel that way, truly."
Ami purses her lips when she hears that.
Kaori: "I'm grateful that you're being so familiar, but I'm a nurse and you're my patient. We have to set a line somewhere."
Kaori: "And I'm still new and have a lot on my plate, so I know I'd just disappoint you..."
Ami: "Oh...yeah..."
Ami looks disappointed. It really stabs at my chest, but I can't let myself fold.
Kaori: "I'm sorry, Ami...but I appreciate how you feel."
Ami: "O-Oh, don't worry about it! Honest! I just wanted to be a little needy, that's all!"
Kaori: "...All right."
Ami: "Besides, it's not like I'm not allowed to call you big sis in my head!"
Kaori: "Well...yeah, I suppose..."
Ami: "I'll go with that, then! That's all I need!"
She hops up from her seat.
Ami: "Well, I've been out way too long, so I'll be heading back to my room!"
Ami saying that jogs my memory.
Kaori: "Ahh! I was on my way to get some emergency examination results!"
Kaori: "Take care, Ami!"
As Ami smiles and waves, I raise a hand to her and turn around. But right before I turn my back, Ami looks like she's about to cry... I'm sorry... Right now, apologizing to you in my mind is all I can muster.
====================scr00225.kgo====================
Nagisa: "Sawai, we're going to go check everyone's IVs."
Kaori: "O-Oh, right!"
I stop writing my report and get up to follow Senpai out of the nurses station, but...
Hatsumi: "Fujisawa, hold on a second."
Nagisa: "Yes?"
Senpai stops when the Chief calls out to her. I stop, too.
Hatsumi: "There's something I want to check with you. Can you come over here?"
Nagisa: "A-All right..."
What could she want? And I can't actually go checking IVs on my own... After mulling over it for a little, I decide to keep writing my reports.
Hatsumi: "You're in charge of Mrs. Amino in room 301, correct?"
Nagisa: "I am."
Hatsumi: "Have you checked her condition?"
Nagisa: "Huh?"
Hatsumi: "What is Mrs. Amino's condition?"
The Chief is looking directly at Senpai.
Nagisa: "Er...she has a cerebral infarction that's left her with right side paralyzed and aphasia."
I was trying to ignore it, but I find my eyes sucked in to the scene between Senpai and the Chief.
Hatsumi: "So she can't move the right side of her body and can't communicate with words, then."
Nagisa: "Right."
Hatsumi: "Did you happen to organize the area around her bed when you went to clean her?"
Nagisa: "Oh, yes, I did."
Hatsumi: "I see. So what do you need to look out for when you do that?"
Nagisa: "Hm?"
Hatsumi: "Did you just clean up her bedside without thinking of anything?"
Nagisa: "W-Well, I..."
Hatsumi: "It looks like you're not seeing what I'm trying to get at. Mrs. Amino's nurse call was placed on her right side. Did you have a reason for putting it there?"
Nagisa: "Ah...!"
Hatsumi: "Did you have a particular reason for placing the nurse call on the right side of a patient who can't move the right side of her body?"
Nagisa: "......"
Hatsumi: "She has aphasia, too, which means she can't call out to anyone, even if she'd like to. And as the nurse in charge, you should know that, right?"
Nagisa: "I...I should..."
Hatsumi: "You need to think of your patients' conditions, what sort of illnesses they have, and what you should do as a nurse."
Hatsumi: "If you aren't constantly alert and thinking of how you can provide patients with the appropriate care, there's no point in being a nurse."
Hatsumi: "Don't you think so?"
The Chief's tone isn't harsh, but I can feel the seriousness with which she takes the profession in her words. Senpai is looking down as she listens to the Chief's warnings, biting her lip.
Nagisa: "......"
Hatsumi: "This was a bit of an incident, but piling these up could cause a massive problem. Try to be more careful."
Nagisa: "I will..."
The Chief lets out a sigh and leaves it at that as she heads out of the room. Left behind, Senpai still has her head down, biting her lip. Urgh... What should I say to her, at a time like this? And the mood is pretty heavy, too... I have to do something for her.
Kaori: "H-Hey, Senpai! You've been taking care of me on the job, so you're going to make a mistake or two, right?"
Nagisa: "......"
Kaori: "So you don't have to get all down! You're amazing at this job, Senpai, really!"
Kaori: "That talent is why she wants you to give every patient individualized treatment. There's no way I could pull that off -- I can barely put in the bare minimum as is, and..."
Nagisa: "Sawai..."
Kaori: "Y-Yes?"
Nagisa: "Sorry to show you something so...sorry. I'm kind of pathetic, aren't I..."
When Senpai strains out an embarrassed smile, I vigorously shake my head.
Kaori: "No way! You're always so perfect, Senpai, so this just balances it out!"
Kaori: "If I didn't see this side of you, I'd be too scared to ask you anything. When I see you like this...I feel like you're a bit more relatable. It's actually pretty nice."
Nagisa: "*Giggle*... Thanks."
Senpai's smile looks just a little tense...or am I only imagining that?
Nagisa: "Well, time to cheer up and get those IV rounds done!"
Kaori: "Y-Yeah, let's go!"
Phew... Senpai's back to her normal self. Always quick on the job, always cool, with so much more knowledge and experience than me... The Senpai I look up to...
Nagisa: "Hey, no spacing out."
She lightly flicks my forehead, so I let out an embarrassed giggle.
Kaori: "Ah, sorry."
Nagisa: "Well, let's get going!"
Yasuko: "Welcome back, y'all."
We get back to the nurses station to find Yamanouchi writing reports.
Yasuko: "Hm? What's got ya all down in the dumps?"
Nagisa: "...Well, I got called out a little a bit ago."
Yasuko: "Ah, by the Chief? She's been goin' pretty wild about incidents this and incidents that lately."
Kaori: "Um...what does she actually mean by incident?"
Yasuko: "Ah, she basically means near misses."
Kaori: "Near misses...?"
Yasuko: "Basically, they're small messups. They ain't big enough to be medical accidents, but they can lead t' somethin' awful if people ain't careful."
Kaori: "Oh, I get it."
Yamanouchi takes a look at me and giggles.
Yasuko: "But you're a walkin' near miss yerself, Sawai!"
Kaori: "Whah?!"
Th-That's really rude!
Yasuko: "I'm always nervous seein' how much yer head's in the clouds."
Nagisa: "...You might be right."
Ahh. You too, Senpai?!
Kaori: "Th-That's not true! I've gotten a lot better, haven't I?!"
Yasuko: "You're sayin' that even after the panty thing a while ago?"
......! Ahh, I forgot that the boys from 306 flipped my skirt in the outbound ward, and everyone saw my underwear!
Kaori: "Uwah! Th-That was unavoidable!"
Yamanouchi is just grinning away.
Yasuko: "Have ya quit wearing panties up to yer belly button?"
Kaori: "That's none of your business!"
Yasuko: "I bet you think of the Chief's panties every night."
Kaori: "N-No I don't! I just happened to remember them that one time!"
Yasuko: "That time, you were lookin' blankly into the distance, and when ya whispered about the Chief's panties...hooboy, that gave me a startle!"
Kaori: "W-Well, they were really nice!"
Yasuko: "Hear that, Chief? Your panties were really nice!"
Kaori: "H-Huh?"
Yamanouchi's remark makes me turn around to see the Chief, standing at the entrance with her arms folded. Just like she had a few days ago. This...this is some nice deja vu. This feeling of helplessness...of deflation.
Hatsumi: "Thank you very much for complimenting my underwear. It's an honor."
I can't sense an ounce of joy from her tone. Why did she have to show up now, of all times?! The Chief takes a deep breath...
Hatsumi: "If you have time to go on about people's underwear, then get back to work!"
Yasuko: "Whoa, here comes the thunder!"
Kaori: "Y-Yes ma'am!"
I peer over to Senpai to see her quietly writing her reports. Come to think of it, she didn't actually join in on the conversation. Does she not like the topic much?
Yasuko: "Hey, what kind of panties do you think Fujisawa's got on?"
Yamanouchi whispers into my ear.
Kaori: "Hwah?"
Unable to ignore us talking about her, Senpai shoots Yamanouchi a glare with a bit of red on her face.
Nagisa: "They're normal! Hmph! Could you not ask Sawai weird questions, please?"
Yasuko: "Heh heh... Y'know, Fujisawa looks prim and proper, but I bet she's got a real fancy pair on."
There was a cute striped pair in her room. Let's get back to work!
Kaori: "When I visited her room the other day, I saw a cute pair of white and blue striped panties hung out to dry."
Yasuko: "Oh-hoh-hoh! Striped panties, now that I didn't see comin'! Adorbs!"
Nagisa: "Saaawwwaiii!"
Senpai slams her hand on the table and glares at the two of us.
Kaori: "Eep! S-Sorry!"
Kaori: "Let's get back to work! Senpai, can you help me out with this part here?"
I pretend to not hear Yamanouchi's question and run up to Senpai.
Yasuko: "Urah! Sawai, ya traitor!"
Hatsumi: "Would you like me to fill in? You seem desperate for someone to talk about underwear with."
The Chief extends a frigid offer.
Yasuko: "Ahh, the offer moves me to tears, really, but I'll hafta refuse on account o' fearing what comes next."
Yamanouchi meekly turns back to doing her reports. Senpai and I, on the other hand, exchange looks and giggle at each other.
====================scr00226.kgo====================
When afternoon came around, a message came in asking if there were any records left in the ward of patients who had already been discharged. We happened to find said records, and since I was free, I went down to the outpatient ward to deliver them to the receptionist...
Kaori: "Hey, I'm here from the internal medicine ward! I brought down the medical records of the patients who've been discharged."
Receptionist: "Oh, thanks for coming all the way down here. Watch out for any others, all right?"
Kaori: "We will, sorry about this."
I hand over the records, and when I take a step back to leave the room...
Kaori: "Yeeps?!"
I bump into someone.
Kaori: "I-I'm so sorry!"
I bow my head to the person I bumped into.
Man: "......"
He's staring right at me with a surprised look. Is he a patient here? I feel like I've seen him somewhere... But where...? His entrapping, piercing eyes send a chill down my spine. For some reason, my legs won't listen to me.
Man: "......"
The man silently bows his head and leaves, but...
Kaori: "...Phew..."
When the tension breaks and relief pours in, I nearly plop down right there. What was up with those piercing eyes...? I feel like I've seen them somewhere before...
Nagisa: "Now there's just one left...!"
Senpai files her finished report into the binder and lets out a big stretch.
Nagisa: "Sawai? What's up? You've seemed a little down."
Kaori: "...A little..."
Yasuko: "Did something happen down in the outpatient ward? Y'been real quiet since coming back."
Kaori: "...No..."
There's a reason I haven't been speaking much. Because I remembered who the person I bumped into was....He was the man that was staring at me in the hall on this floor a few days ago, wasn't he? I thought he was here to visit a patient and didn't worry about it, but it's quite strange when I think about it. If a patient was going to have a visitor, they would've said something to us in the nurses office, and the visitor wouldn't be wandering around the outpatient ward like he was. And if he was an outpatient, then he wouldn't be wandering around our ward, either. Though it is plausible that he would want to check out the ward if he's an outpatient with plans to enter the hospital... But that wouldn't be a reason for him to stare at me, or to look at me with such surprise in the outpatient ward. It looks like he knows me. And those sharp eyes, that expression that looks like he had something to say...like he hates me... A shock runs through me. The terror of someone I don't know knowing me starts to settle in. And what's worse, he might hate me...
Nagisa: "Hmph, no need to hold it all in! C'mon, cheer up! Work's done!"
Senpai smacks me on the back. She's right...and I don't want to worry her.
Nagisa: "If you stick around until I finish writing my reports, I'll treat you to dinner!"
Kaori: "Ehehe, I think I'll wait around, then!"
Yasuko: "See y'all later, then. Take care, Chief!"
Hatsumi: "Take care."
I only have to wait for Senpai for five minutes. We leave the nurses station together. She's right beside me, but...what if we run into that man from before? Just thinking about it freezes my legs up. I really don't want to go down these stairs... But if I don't, I won't be able to get to the changing room, and I won't be able to get home...
Nagisa: "Sawai? Seriously, what's eating you today?"
Kaori: "......"
She peers into my face with a worried look. What should I do? Should I talk it over with Senpai?
Nagisa: "Do you want to talk about it? I'll hear you out."
Nagisa: "I might not be able to help much, but I can at least listen."
Kaori: "...U-Um...I'm not sure how I should talk about it..."
My legs are frozen... What should I do? I can't move at all...
Nagisa: "Sawai? What's wrong?"
When she sees I'm not moving, she takes another worried look at my face. And the man is right behind her...!
Kaori: "Eep...!"
The fear compels me to throw my arms around Senpai.
Nagisa: "S-Sawai?!"
Kaori: "I'm so scared, Senpai! There's someone watching me!"
Nagisa: "Huh?!"
Senpai turns around and checks behind her.
Nagisa: "But there's no one there. And outpatient hours are over, so...you're just imagining it."
Kaori: "But...but..."
Senpai puts her arms around my back and gently pulls me in. She strokes her hands up and down along my back to calm me down. Her gentle warmth makes me feel just a little better.
Nagisa: "It's okay. I'm right here, so it's going to be okay..."
Kaori: "Senpai..."
Nagisa: "This is a hospital, there's no way anything would happen. And if it does, I'll scream for help for you."
Kaori: "I...S-Senpai..."
Nagisa: "I might not be able to do much, but I'd do my best for, Sawai."
Nagisa: "Sawai, would you...depend on me?"
She looks at me with a worried, but somehow strong smile. I cling to her uniform even tighter.
Kaori: "Of course I will...having you by my side would just...make me feel so much safer."
Nagisa: "Thank you, Sawai."
Senpai hugs me tight one more time and gives me a bright smile. That smile gives me relief from the bottom of my heart. I have Senpai with me. Everything is going to be all right.
====================scr00227.kgo====================
I bought the Chief a souvenir yesterday, but I haven't had the chance to hand it to her. Before I know it, it's already evening. I can't help but feel like handing it to her when other people are around is like handing her a bribe, and I really wouldn't that that...so I've been trying to get alone with her. But the more I watched the Chief, the more I noticed that her job wasn't to just stay in the nurses station. It seemed surprisingly tough. I mean, I didn't think she'd have an easy job, being the chief nurse of a medical ward. But it's a lot worse than I thought... While writing some document at the doctor's desk, the Chief seems to consider something, stand up, and head for the break room.
Kaori: "!!"
An opportunity! I scramble over to the break room after her.
Kaori: "U-Um! Chief! Please, take this!"
Feeling too embarrassed to look the Chief in the eyes when she turns around in suspicion, I find myself closing my eyes as I hold it out. She gently takes the small bag in my hands.
Hatsumi: "...What's this? May I open it?"
Kaori: "Y-Y-Y-Yeah, go right ahead!"
Hatsumi: "...Oh, my! This is adorable!"
I crack my eyes open to see the Chief smiling, chipmunk pen in hand....Thank goodness, she likes it...! I think!
Kaori: "U-Um...please, take it, if it's not too much trouble. I just wanted to thank you for how much you do every day!"
???: "I'm jealous, Chief, really jealous! Sawai, where's mine? Don't have anything for me?!"
Suddenly, I feel a great weight at my back!
Kaori: "Ugah...! ...Sh-Shempai...!"
W-Wait, Senpai's leaning her ENTIRE weight onto me, isn't she?! Sh-She's really heavy...!
???: "Ooh, Sawai, ya gotta lotta guts."
When I turn back in surprise, wondering who's there this time, I shake off Senpai to see Yamanouchi grinning at the door.
Kaori: "Wh-What do you mean by that?"
Yasuko: "Givin' somebody somethin' to write with or on means you want 'em to study more."
Kaori: "!!"
I had no idea! Th-That isn't the message I wanted to get across at all!
Hatsumi: "I-It's fine, really, don't worry about it! I'm glad you bought such a cute pen for me."
The Chief scrambles to make me feel better. But...that kindness just makes it hurt more... Picking up on how I feel, Senpai pulls away from my back.
Kaori: "Uwah...Chief, I'm really sorry... I thought that a pen wouldn't get in the way, and it would be something you could use at work..."
Hatsumi: "It's fine, honest. Don't worry about it. Thanks, Sawai, I love it, and I'd love to use it...all right?"
Kaori: "...All right."
I nod, with my head still drooping down.
Hatsumi: "...*Giggle* You know, for some reason this makes me picture underwear with the same kind of chipmunk print on it."
Nagisa: "W-Wait, Sawai, you're still wearing childish panties like those?!"
Kaori: "N-No I'm not!"
Yasuko: "Whoa, does that mean you've come commando?"
Kaori: "That's not what I meant!"
Nagisa: "Ahaha, aww, Sawai, that's so cute! You have chipmunk panties?"
Kaori: "I told you! I'm done with wearing kiddy panties like those!"
Yasuko: "If you're done with them, that means ya used to wear 'em, huh?"
Kaori: "Ahh, quit it!"
Why do the nurses here love talking about underwear so much...?
Hatsumi: "......"
Kaori: "D-Don't just laugh, Chief, stop them! You opened the door for this!"
Hatsumi: "...Well, they're cute, so why not?"
Kaori: "Hweh?"
Hatsumi: "Chipmunk panties, I mean. I like them."
Yasuko: "So, the Chief is into younger women who wear cute panties..."
Kaori: "Ahhh, enough of that! Come on!"
Things have definitely gotten out of hand, but the Chief has on the most gentle smile... I had no idea that giving her a pen would have that sort of meaning, but I'm glad that she likes it....But why did the Chief know what panties I always wear...? Do I really look that childish? Ahh, I want to be more grown up, fast!
====================scr00228.kgo====================
_RE
Kaori: "*Giggle*..."
When I pick up my gift for Senpai, I can't help but giggle to myself.
Kaori: "I think Senpai's doing night reports about now..."
With that in mind, I lean on my bed and type her a message.
Kaori: "Ah?!"
It looks like I fell asleep a little.
Kaori: "C-Coming!"
Nagisa: "Hey, thanks for inviting me, and...wait, you've been asleep this whole time, haven't you?"
Kaori: "Hwah?! How did you know?!"
Nagisa: "There's some clothy fuzz on your cheek."
Kaori: "Eep!"
I quickly wipe my cheeks down. Senpai smiles and slips into my room like she's very comfortable being there.
Senpai: "Well, thanks again for the invitation."
Kaori: "Come on in!"
I lay out the beer Senpai brought on the table, and...
Nagisa: "Wooo! Nothin' like a beer after work to just blow away all the fatigue!"
Kaori: "You know it!"
Nagisa: "Whaddaya mean? You had the day off today, Sawai!"
Oh! I almost forgot!
Kaori: "Senpai, I have something for you!"
I hand her the wrapped mirror.
Nagisa: "Hmm? What's this thing?"
Kaori: "Go ahead and open it!"
Nagisa: "My, what a cute little mirror!"
Kaori: "Ta-da! It matches with mine!"
Nagisa: "Blahhh!"
Kaori: "Wh-Why're you blahing me?!"
Nagisa: "Ahaha, I'm just giving you a hard time!"
She looks pretty pleased, for all her booing.
Kaori: "I went to Kanakura and found this mirror. I thought it'd be pretty nice since it fits perfectly in our uniform pocket."
Nagisa: "...Wait, this cost you a lot, right? I mean, when you think of the part timers and temp workers..."
Kaori: "Aww, Senpai, you've got it all wrong. I only bought enough for the two of us."
Kaori: "I bought sweets for everyone in the nurses station, because if I got mirrors for everyone...well, I'd end up bankrupt."
Nagisa: "......"
Senpai falls silent for a moment.
Kaori: "U-Um...should I have bought something for everyone...?"
Nagisa: "A-Ah, no way, that's not it! I was just touched that you bought something just for me! H-Hmph, that's so nice!"
Kaori: "R-Really...?"
Nagisa: "Yeah! My little Sawai's grown up enough to do nice things for her senpai... You've made your big sister proud!"
Kaori: "...Senpai, are you already drunk?"
Nagisa: "Uwah! Why've you gotta say it so cold?! I don't remember raising you to be so mean!"
Kaori: "...And I don't remember being raised by you either, Senpai!"
I say it as cheekily as I can.
Nagisa: "Hey, when'd you get so mouthy, Sawai?!"
Even so, Senpai throws her arms around me.
Nagisa: "*Giggle* I'm in such a good mood today, though, that I'll let that slide. Aren't you glad, widdle Kaori?"
Kaori: "Uwah?!"
She rubs her cheek against my shoulder, like a cat would.
Nagisa: "Widdle Kaori's all miiine..."
Kaori: "Wh-What are you going on about, Senpai?"
Nagisa: "Say that you're mine and mine alone!"
Kaori: "Ahh, fine, fine. I'm yours and yours alone, Senpai."
Senpai: "*Giggle* Glad to hear it! I'll give you a kiss as thanks!"
Kaori: "Eep?! Senpai, personal space, personal spaaace!"
I reflexively push my hand out and guard against Senpai's advance.
Nagisa: "Tch, fine. I'll just push our cheeks together for today."
Kaori: "...Senpai, I have no idea what you're talking about anymore..."
Still, it looks like she really liked the mirror, so this turned out well! ...Right?
====================scr00229.kgo====================
I decided to come to work a little earlier today. I have the colored pencil set that I bought yesterday in my hands. I just hope she likes them...!
Hatsumi: "Oh, my. You're rather early today, Sawai. Good morning. Did you get enough rest yesterday?"
Kaori: "Good morning! I got plenty of rest, and I managed to explore a little bit!"
Hatsumi: "I'm glad to hear that. Well, go ahead and put that energy to work today."
The Chief leaves the nurses station with a smile. The day shift hasn't even started, but she seems pretty busy...
Yasuko: "Oh, g'mornin'! Yer pretty early today, newbie."
Kaori: "Oh, g-good morning! Um, I wanted to give you this...as thanks for all the help you've given me."
Yasuko: "Hm?"
Kaori: "Well, you draw pictures and stuff, and I found this in Kanakura yesterday, and I hoped you might find it handy, and...!"
Ahh, I'm tripping over my words left and right! This is frustrating!
Yasuko: "Oh yeah? Well, the stuff I use in here is on the hospital's bill, and it ain't like I use colored pencils at home."
Kaori: "...You...don't use them...?"
But...I thought she'd like the pencils when I bought them...
Yasuko: "...Pff, why the long face?"
Kaori: "Well...you said you don't use them, so..."
Yasuko: "I'm just kiddin' with ya! Don't take it seriously, silly."
Yasuko: "You went ‘n bought 'em for my sake, right? I'm not such a hardass that I’d step on that generosity."
Kaori: "A-Ahh..."
Yasuko: "I just acted like that 'cause you were being real cute. I wanted to bully ya a bit."
Kaori: "B-Bully me...?"
She giggles and puts her hand on my head.
Yasuko: "Hey, thanks. I won't use this present at work, but I'll be usin' it in my room."
She strokes my head a bit, then goes into the break room to put up the colored pencils. I just gaze at her back as she goes. As I do, I feel joy steadily bubble up in my heart. The tears of sadness that welled up in my eyes are still there, but they've taken on a different meaning.
Kaori: "...Looks like she liked them...eheh."
====================scr00230.kgo====================
Nagisa: "Sawai, have you finished your morning reports?"
Kaori: "...N-Not yet..."
I don't even know what to write! I've been staring at a blank piece of paper this whole time! Ahh, if only I could just lash out like that...! But the reality is I just don't have the skill to pull this off. Ahh...
Hatsumi: "Would you two mind going on lunch break? The people on the later break won't be able to take theirs if you don't."
Nagisa: "O-Oh, right! Sorry, we'll get right to it."
Kaori: "Senpai, what about your reports...?"
Nagisa: "We'll just have to write them with our evening reports."
Kaori: "S-Seriously?"
I haven't even finished my morning reports yet, so thinking of my evening ones just makes my head hurt... But on the other hand, I can't really ignore my lunch break in favor of staring at my report. I reluctantly let Senpai take me by the hand into the break room.
Yasuko: "Howdy, hope ya don't mind the company!"
Yamanouchi is already in the break room. Oh yeah, she's on the early break shift today, too. And today, her lunch is...microwave rice and seasoning.
Yasuko: "What's up with that face, Sawai? You right look like you're about to burst into tears. Fujisawa been bullyin' ya?"
Nagisa: "Wh...?! I wouldn't bully Sawai!"
Yasuko: "Well, y'know what they say, you always bully the girl you like. So I figured that's what was goin' on."
Nagisa: "Wh-What are you talking about?! Besides, that only applies to kindergarten boys!"
Yasuko: "Well, you're pretty close, ain't ya?"
Senpai: "No I'm not! I'm really not! I'm a girl, you hear me, a girl!"
Yasuko: "Yeah, a girl...a little girl."
Nagisa: "......"
Yamanouchi is taking Senpai for a ride pretty easily......but I find that I really can't enjoy it.
Nagisa: "Look, if you have something to say, then by all means, come out and say it!"
Yamanouchi slowly puts down her chopsticks and crosses her legs.
Yasuko: "Heh. So y'want me to say it, then?"
Picking up on something fearsome, Senpai quickly shakes her head.
Nagisa: "A-Actually, I'll pass!"
Yasuko: "...Hey, no need t'turn me down so passionately. S'gonna leave a mark."
Kaori: "......"
Yasuko: "I'm hopin' to have that newbie over there smooth over this heartbreak."
Kaori: "...Hwah?"
Nagisa: "S-Sawai, get out of here! Before it's too late!"
When Senpai calls my name, I come back to my senses.
Kaori: "Um...what are we talking about?"
Yasuko: "I'm sayin' that since yer senpai ain't gonna comfort me, I want you t'do it instead."
Nagisa: "Don't do it, Sawai! Don't fall for Yamanouchi's tricks!"
Kaori: "......"
I'm not really sure what's going on here...
Kaori: "If you'll comfort me, Yamanouchi, I'll comfort you as much as you want."
Feeling powerless, I just say what's on my mind.
Yasuko: "Did you hear that, Fujisawa?! She said she'd comfort me!"
Nagisa: "And did you hear her condition? She said if you'd comfort her!"
Yasuko: "Oh, right, right! So what's up, Sawai? If ya got a problem, big sis Yamanouchi's got you covered!"
Yasuko: "I'll comfort ya with this bountiful bust o' mine as much as ya want -- somethin' Fujisawa could never pull off."
Nagisa: "H-How rude!"
Senpai looks indignant, but I don't even notice.
Kaori: "I...I just don't know why I can't write reports..."
Yasuko: "......"
Nagisa: "......"
Kaori: "Senpai's been teaching me really well, but when I actually have the report paper in my hands, my mind just goes blank..."
Kaori: "And when that happens, I just have no idea what I should write."
Nagisa: "...Sawai..."
Yasuko: "Now that's...a pretty serious problem, right there."
Urgh, Yamanouchi looks really taken aback...
Yasuko: "Hey, Sawai. How many years ya been a nurse?"
Nagisa: "Y-Yamanouchi! Sawai just became a nurse, and..."
Yasuko: "I ain't askin' you, I'm askin' Sawai. How many years?"
Kaori: "...I didn't work on my first day, so I've only been here for a week."
I feel so disappointed and pathetic that it takes all I have to hold back my tears.
Yasuko: "Yeah, exactly. If someone on their third year said that, I'd chew 'em out, but ya literally just got here."
Yasuko: "Ya don't know a thing -- yer completely green. So of course you're gonna blank out when it's report time."
Kaori: "But...I learned this stuff in school..."
Yasuko: "School 'n work are different. How was it for you, Fujisawa?"
Nagisa: "...They were totally different... When I got to the hospital, nothing went as I'd planned..."
Yasuko: "Yeah, you were cryin' every day."
Nagisa: "H-Hey, you don't need to say that in front of Sawai...!"
Kaori: "Senpai did that...?"
Yasuko: "Patients would tell her off, she'd mess up on the job, she'd get scolded by the Chief, she wouldn't finish her reports on time, she'd oversleep...and cause a bunch of trouble."
Nagisa: "...Urgh...enough already..."
Yasuko: "We've all been there. Ya realize there's so much ya can't do, and you start to hate yourself...feelin' all pathetic, wondering if you're no good..."
Yasuko: "Which is why you wanna try get better bit by bit. Even if ya can't be better than yesterday, try to be better than last week, or last month."
Yasuko: "If ya keep at that on the job, then one day, you'll just realize...you can pull it right off"
Kaori: "Is that...really how it works...?"
Yasuko: "Fujisawa. Ya remember what I said to Sawai on her first day on the job, and to you on yours?"
Nagisa: "...‘Don't make fun of newbies, we've all been there,’ right?"
...That's Senpai for you. I hadn't remembered it at all, but she remembered it perfectly.
Yasuko: "It takes five years for a nurse to grow into the job. A veteran, laughing at a newbie...that ain't right. We were all newbies at one point."
Yasuko: "You got a lotta stuff to pick up, and ya can't do none of it now. So don't cry yourself to pieces after just one week."
Kaori: "......"
Yamanouchi's words pour into my heart. Strangely enough, the feelings of inferiority thin out and are replaced by warmth.
Yasuko: "When you worry, cry, and go through somethin' real bitter...you never forget it. And that's what's gonna make you grow."
Kaori: "Yamanouchi..."
Tears well up at her gentle words.
Yasuko: "And if you ever wanna cry, this big rack's open to ya. I can't measure up to the Chief's massive honkers, but I figure they'll be comfortin' enough."
Yasuko: "And ya don't need to be all bashful and turn that down like Fujisawa here did last year. That wasn't cute at all, lemme tell ya..."
Nagisa: "...Just when I thought you were being inspiring..."
When I hear how exasperated Senpai is at Yamanouchi's joke, I can't help but laugh.
Hatsumi: "It sounds like you're having a nice conversation and I hate to be the party pooper, but...you only have ten minutes of break left."
Wait, ten minutes?!
Hatsumi: "I don't want Fujisawa and Sawai to start their afternoon shift without lunch. I'd appreciate if you were considerate of that as well, Yamanouchi."
Nagisa: "Sawai! Our lunch!"
Kaori: "Eheheh, now that I'm done crying, I've realized how hungry I am!"
We both scramble to open our lunch boxes. And the very moment we do...
Yasuko: "Yasuko takes her cut!"
Before I can blink, we're both missing pieces from our lunches.
Nagisa: "Ahh! My cheese steak roll!"
Kaori: "Eep! I'm missing a chicken nugget!"
Yasuko: "Consider it a lesson fee -- don't be so stingy!"
When I see how satisfied Yamanouchi looks as she chews away, I lose my will to get mad at her. When I look at Senpai, she seems to feel the same way and just laughs it off. Then, we rush to scoff down our lunches.
====================scr00301.kgo====================
Kaori: "Nurse Sawai speaking, what seems to be the problem?"
Patient: "Grgh...guh..."
...Huh?
Kaori: "Umm...hello?"
Yasuko: "Whaddaya mean ‘hello'? That ain’t a phone."
Yamanouchi stands up in exasperation and snatches the phone from my hand.
Yasuko: "We'll be right over!"
Yasuko: "C'mon, get going, newbie! Babbling with them over the intercom's just gonna be a waste of time."
She gives me a light pat on the shoulder. Oh, I see. Since it's like a phone, I wanted to try and ask what was going on, but it would be a lot faster to go and check. Asking might have been a waste of time, like Yamanouchi said.
Kaori: "All right, let's go!"
Kaori: "We're here! So, who gave the call...?"
Toshiru: "Gnaw! Grah!"
Mr. Toshiru raises his right hand. And the nurse call in his left hand is...in his mouth...? His mouth?!
Kaori: "M-Mr. Toshiru, you're eating the nurse call!"
Kaori: "Y-You're not supposed to eat this!"
Toshiru: "Can you believe my wife? These hard fish cakes're all she makes for me!"
Kaori: "Ah! Th-The nurse call isn't a fish cake! You can't eat it!!"
Mr. Toshiru bites away at the nurse call. I try to take it away from him, but it's covered in drool and too slippery to get a good grip on. And I'm too scared to force it out -- I might break Mr. Toshiru's delicate arm or fingers! Ahhhh! What am I supposed to do?!
???: "Sawai! Get a rice cracker from the nurses station!"
Yamanouchi rushes in and holds Mr. Toshiru down for me.
Kaori: "Hwah?!"
Toshiru: "Y-You can't have this, missy! This fish cake is mine! Miiine!"
Yasuko: "Get a rice cracker, now! And if there ain't any, just get anythin' crunchy and bring it here!"
I have no idea why Yamanouchi is asking me for that, but...!
Kaori: "A-All right!"
I leave the rest to Yamanouchi and rush back to the station.
Hatsumi: "Sawai, I think running in the halls will only worry the patients."
Kaori: "I'm sorry, but this is an emergency! Mr. Toshiru is eating his nurse call!"
Hatsumi: "Oh, I see."
Wh-What was that reaction...?!
Hatsumi: "There are some rice crackers in the break room, so bring him one of those."
Kaori: "G-Got it!"
I scoop up a rice cracker packet from the break room and dash back to Mr. Toshiru's room.
Hatsumi: "I told you not to run, too..."
Kaori: "Yamanouchi, I'm back! I've got a rice cracker!"
Yasuko: "Ya took your time, Sawai!"
I peel the wrapping off of the rice cracker and put it into Yamanouchi's hand as she holds Mr. Toshiru down.
Yasuko: "Hey, gramps? You don't wanna eat that tough old fish cake. See this rice cracker? You're gonna wanna munch on this!"
Toshiru: "Hm?"
Mr. Toshiru lets go of the nurse call. Yamanouchi wastes no time in scooping it up and vigorously wiping it down with disinfectant tissue.
Yasuko: "Ain't got no scratches or nothin'. We're real lucky he hardly has any teeth."
If it had been damaged, we'd have to replace it. I've heard, though, that sometimes when a patient breaks hospital equipment, they won't pay even when asked to. I'm new and haven't been through this before, but apparently, sometimes the patient can countersue us, saying that the nurse provided insufficient surveillance. And an even bigger problem would be if Mr. Toshiru swallowed part or whole of the nurse call. We'd have to put him through examinations and possibly surgery in that case.
Kaori: "Ohh..."
Phew... I'm so glad Mr. Toshiru is okay...
Mr. Toshiru: "This soy sauce flavoring is to die for... Hoh, hoh, hoh..."
...When I see him sucking on his drool-covered rice cracker, though, I feel the tension just escape me. Yamanouchi sticks the nurse call back where it belongs and lets out a big stretch.
Yasuko: "Now, then...you REALLY owe me, y'know that?"
That grin of hers sends a chill down my spine.
Kaori: "I-I owe you...?"
I was definitely relieved when Yamanouchi showed up, but...she wants me to pay her back for it?!
Yasuko: "Well, hey, let's get to that later. We gotta head back to the nurses station first."
Oh...oh no... What's going to happen to me...? We walk back to the nurses station, with Yamanouchi's arm around my shoulder.
Yasuko: "So tell me -- if you were alone in that room, what were you gonna do?"
Kaori: "W-Well, I..."
The first thing I'd have to do is get the nurse call away from the patient....But I couldn't actually do that. But...even if I'd gotten the nurse call out of his hands, I'm not sure what I should've done next. Would I have been able to solve that situation by myself?
Yasuko: "Exactly. Which means I'm the one that solved that, so you owe me."
When I think about it...she did solve the problem almost by herself....Though I don't want to admit it...
Kaori: "Y-Yeah..."
Yamanouchi grins at me.
Yasuko: "Now, then...how'll we have ya repay me...oh, and don't even think about skippin' out on yer debt."
Eep! Someone, help!
Kaori: "A-Ahh..."
Yasuko: "Aww, you're quiverin' like a little bunny rabbit. That's real cute."
Kaori: "P-Please, don't bully me..."
Yasuko: "Your eyes're gettin' all moist, too...makes me wanna do something real wrong. Heh heh..."
O-Oh no...
Yasuko: "Sawai, I think I'll have ya repay this with your body. I mean, you're already makin' me grin by bein' all cute."
W-With my body?! Ahhh! What's she going to do to me?!
Kaori: "Um...er...well..."
Yasuko: "And you're not even thinkin' about sayin' no, are ya?"
Hatsumi: "...What are you two doing?"
Yasuko: "Nothin' at all, nope! Right, Sawai?"
Yamanouchi pressures me to agree. And if I say that something IS going on, she's definitely going to glare at me!
Kaori: "Right...nothing at all..."
Ahhh, I wish I could ask you for help! Help, Chief, help!
Hatsumi: "...Then wrap up your playtime and get back to work, if you could."
Huh? Did she just...smile?
Yasuko: "Come to my room after work."
!! Oh...oh no, what IS she going to do to me?! And Senpai isn't here, when I need her most! Wahhhh!
Kaori: "U-Urgh..."
I'm in front of Yamanouchi's room, back and forthing on whether to ring the doorbell.
Yasuko: "Don't just stand there, get in!"
Kaori: "Hwahhh?!"
Yamanouchi grabs my hand and pulls me into......a surprisingly neat, tidy room...
Yasuko: "All right, siddown there!"
Kaori: "R-Right, I'll sit down there!"
Yasuko: "Pick up that eraser!"
Kaori: "I-I've picked it up!"
Yasuko: "Now give the manuscript a rub over! Every page!"
Kaori: "Awah?!"
There's a stack of papers on the table that appear to be her manuscript. Wait...there's like, fifty pages there...?
Yasuko: "Well, good luck!"
Kaori: "H-Hang on a second, Yamanouchi!"

Yasuko: "There ain't no time to hang on! Didn't you say you'd help out?!"
Kaori: "I will, really, but!"
Yasuko: "No buts, only action! Show me yer guts!"
Kaori: "I'll help you out, seriously! You helped me today, so I'll gladly do what you need me to!"
Kaori: "But I have a question first!"
Yasuko: "Well, out with it! I'm in the middle of hell over here!"

Yasuko: "I don't got no time to wait! You're payin' me back with your body today!"
S-So this is what she meant by "with my body"...
Kaori: "B-But I'm just a beginner..."
Yasuko: "Everyone was a beginner at the start! Even a total novice can do a rub over!"
Kaori: "Th-That's why I want to ask my question first!"
Yasuko: "Then out with it! I'm in the middle of hell over here! Get the hint!"
Kaori: "What's a rub over?"
That makes Yamanouchi completely freeze. Huh? She...she heard me, right?
Kaori: "Umm...really, what's a rub over?"
Yasuko: "*Siiiiigh*..."
Huh? W-Was it something I said?
Yasuko: "Listen. A rub over's when you take yer eraser and give the pencil lines on a draft a good, clean rubbin'."
Kaori: "Ohh, I see! So it's a comic-specific term!"
Yasuko: "Specific term, huh...hahaha..."
Kaori: "A rub over...all right, I've got it memorized!"
Yasuko: "...Haha... Well, can ya handle it?"
Kaori: "Sure! I think I can handle this!"
Kaori: "Urgh...my right hand really hurts..."
Yasuko: "Nice! It's rubbed out all nice ‘n clean! I sure made the right choice in askin’ you, Sawai!"
Yamanouchi checks over the manuscript paper and smiles, seeming satisfied with my work.
Yasuko: "Rub overs are surprisingly tough, y'know? The pencil lines get real stuck on the paper and are hard to rub out, and sometimes y'end up messing up the paper, too."
Yasuko: "And sometimes you'll have clear eraser marks, or little bumps on the paper, but...you were pretty fast and clean, Sawai."
Eheh...it feels nice to get complimented.
Kaori: "Is there anything else you need? I've still got the energy to keep going."
Yasuko: "Mmhmm, got forty four pages of the main thing ready to be rubbed. Hey, thanks, this is a huge help!"
Then, Yamanouchi hands me a small bottle.
Yasuko: "Take this from my stock. It works real well on tired muscles!"
I take a look at the bottle to see "Gigamin S"
written on the label.
Kaori: "...An energy drink..."
Yasuko: "Oh, did you see what it was about while you rubbed out the lines?"
Kaori: "Oh, I didn't actually look at the story or anything...was I allowed to?"
I figured I wouldn't be allowed to read the story, so I rubbed out the pencil lines while averting my eyes as much as I could.
Yasuko: "You got some real skills, you know that? And I wouldn't show you somethin' I didn't want you to see. I trust you, y'hear?"
Kaori: "Y-You trust me?"
Yasuko: "'Course I do! I really believe in ya, Kaori!"
Kaori: "...Eheh..."
Yamanouchi called me by my name... Ahh, that makes me want to blush a little!
Yasuko: "Daww, Kaori, you blushin'?"
Kaori: "W-Well..."
Yamanouchi slowly takes off her dirtied glasses and holds up my chin. Uwahh! Yamanouchi! She's back to her beautiful self, and her face is way too close!
Yasuko: "Hey, Kaori. You'll accept all of me, right?"
Kaori: "Hwuh..."
That cheerful, beautiful smile is that of the Yamanouchi I know, the nurse who does everything with such speed and skill in the ward...
Yasuko: "And you'll keep on helping me, right?"
Kaori: "Awawa...y-yeah..."
I absently nod a few times.
Yasuko: "*Giggle* You're so cute, Kaori."
I feel a softness on my forehead.
Kaori: "Uwah?!"
Then I lunge back reflexively and end up falling on my butt.
Yasuko: "Ahaha! Yer a real riot, y'know that?!"
Ahh, she's back to her usual nerd self! But with my heart pounding, I can't get back to my usual self...! This is no fair...
Yasuko: "Well, I've still got some work piled up, so you can mosey on back to yer room."
Kaori: "O-Oh, all right..."
Yasuko: "See ya next time, all right?"
Next time... There's a next time? I'm going to do this again? This wasn't just a one time thing?! Sure thing. No way. Then next time I'm helping her out, I'll take my time and read the manga she's made!
Kaori: "Sure thing!"
Yasuko: "*Giggle* You really are cute, Kaori."
...... Maybe I picked the wrong choice... This is some pretty rough manual labor.
Kaori: "Again? No way..."
Yasuko: "*Giggle* You're just not being honest with yourself, Kaori!"
....... W-Wait, does that mean I can't escape?!
====================scr00302.kgo====================
I head towards room 306 with more of a skip in my step than usual. I hadn't even been aware of the goofy grin on my face. I looked so goofily out of it that the Chief scolded me and told me to get serious, Yamanouchi mocked me, and Senpai just didn't know what to say. But I can't help it! I'm just so happy!
Kaori: "Hello, hello!"
Ami: "Oh, Kaorin!"
Ami turns around, the only thing different in this familiar room.
Kaori: "Ahhhh! Ami, you look amazing!"
Ami: "Eheh, r-really?"
She goes red with a bashful smile, wearing a cute school uniform instead of her regular pajamas. And since she's in a uniform, that means...
Kaori: "...It's really time to go, huh?"
I can't keep the emotion out of my voice when I say that. Senpai, who'd come to see Ami off as well, giggles next to me.
Nagisa: "Hey, no saying how sad it'll be to see her go, all right? Because this is a very happy moment for her."
Kaori: "I-I know that!"
I purse my lips a bit in protest. Senpai is right, though. I am sad to see her go, and I'll miss her. Just a bit. How could I not? Ami is the patient I was closest to, so I'm definitely going to miss her. But! There are plenty of patients who can't leave even if they wanted to, or who leave without all their limbs intact, so it's great that she can leave the hospital on her own two feet!
Kaori: "Congratulations on your recovery!"
I really believe that from the bottom of my heart. The uniform-clad Ami smiles shyly. She seems so much more mature than usual, and her smile has such spirit in it that it's hard to believe she was in the hospital until today.
Ami: "Thank you so much, Kaorin. I'll...I'll do my best out there!"
Ami looks right at me with dewy eyes. Ahh...d-don't look at me with those eyes, you're going to make me cry, too... But I can't shed any tears. I couldn't ruin my send off for Ami with tears. I've got to see her off with a smile!
Kaori: "Is that your school's uniform, Ami? It's really cute!"
Ami smiles bashfully again, then grips the hem of her skirt and twirls around.
Ami: "Isn't it? I really love this uniform's design."
Kaori: "Well, I'm glad you got to wear it again! Though, you'll probably end up wearing it every day from now."
Ami: "Ahaha, you know it. I'm going to be wearing this to school every..."
Right there, though, she trails off.
Kaori: "...Ami?"
Ami: "O-Oh, sorry, ahah. My mind just wondered a little bit."
My heart rustles when I see her force a smile. But...am I just imagining that?
Ami: "I-It's nothing, promise! No need to look all worried, haha."
I feel relieved when I hear her cheerful voice and smile back at her.
Kaori: "Hey, can I ask what your school's like, Ami?"
Ami: "My school?"
Ami's eyes grow a little distant.
Ami: "It's a school with a lot of history behind it. I'm in the branch school, and it's like, all girls. It's pretty classy, too."
Nagisa: "Wow, a classy girls' school? I bet everyone's really prim and proper there."
Ami: "You know it. We even have tea parties here and there, too."
Kaori: "Wow, Ami, I didn't expect that kind of classiness! Nursing school was all girls, too, but it wasn't nearly as cultured!"
Nagisa: "Yeah, it didn't have a drop of class! It was more like a battlefield back there, honestly."
Ami: "Well, it's just a branch school, so there's plenty of students like me who aren't super or rich or anything like that, too."
Ami: "But...there's some girls there that couldn't make it to the main school, and the name kind of grabs attention on its own, so it can get a little tough sometimes..."
Ami's tone drops. I bet that rich girls have to put in a lot of work we regular folk don't understand, and have a bunch of harsh rules they have to follow.
Ami: "Like, for example, our school has a unique program, the Tutor System. It's a little strange."
Kaori: "Tutor System?"
Ami: "Basically, it's a system where the girls in higher grades take care of the ones in lower grades. It's mostly one-on-one, so you go through school life like sisters."
Kaori: "Ohh, that sounds like an interesting system."
The system of older students looking after younger ones had a nice feeling of noblesse oblige to it.
Nagisa: "That sounds kind of like preceptorship in nursing."
Kaori: "Oh, you're right!"
Senpai has taken care of me quite a bit since I got here, but that might be a bit of a different system...
Kaori: "It was a school of the arts, right? And you play an instrument, Ami?"
Ami: "Yes, I play an instrument called the forteleu. It's really hard to play, and my teacher...well, she's beautiful, but also super strict."
Nagisa: "She's a woman?"
Ami: "She is, and probably the strictest teacher in the school, too. She's always going off on me."
Ami: "And even though she's harsh, she can be pretty nice, too. She's good at taking care of people, and she's amazing at the forteleu... I look up to her."
Kaori: "Ooohhh...she sounds like a good teacher."
Ami: "She sure is! But there's actually someone I look up to even more!"
Kaori: "Your tutor in school?"
Ami: "Nope, the person I'm talking about is a professional forteleu player, Miyafuji! She graduated from the main school, and the music she plays truly warms your heart!"
Ami: "I've looked up to her ever since my teacher played one of her CDs."
Ami's cheeks are a little flushed as she tries her best to explain this Miyafuji to me. All it took was a CD to get Ami to look up to her? She must really be something. This is pretty grand, when I think of it. I don't know a thing about music, but the look on Ami's face and her tone tells me just how amazing this person's playing is. She must really look up to them. And as I see her excitement, I can't help but smile myself.
Ami: "I've been working hard at my forteleu playing to make it sound like hers, but I'm just so far away..."
Kaori: "Hey, don't be discouraged! If you keep working hard at it, your dream'll come true! You can't give up!"
Nagisa: "Yeah, your dreams'll come true if you don't give up on them. Like, even Sawai here managed to become a nurse!"
Kaori: "S-Senpai?! What do you mean ‘even’ me?!"
Senpai's just grinning away. Th-That's awful! On Ami's last day in the institution, no less!
Nagisa: "Wait, Sawai, you mean you didn't know? I was pretty worried that you'd be in a job where you're in charge of people's lives...!"
Kaori: "Hey, that's mean! And weren't you running the student council while hiding who you really are?"
Nagisa: "Now that's awfully rude. You trying to say that I was deceiving everyone?"
Kaori: "Did you think you weren't?"
Nagisa: "I wasn't pulling one over anyone -- I just know how to act appropriately when the situation calls for it. It's called tact."
Kaori: "Wow, I guess you can make anything sound good."
Ami takes a look at me puffing up my cheeks and giggles.
Ami: "I'm jealous of how well you two get along. I wish I had a tutor like Nagi!"
Kaori: "Well, you can borrow her if you want!"
Nagisa: "My! Well, I'd love to have a cute student like Ami -- my door's always open!"
Kaori: "Hmph!"
Nagisa: "Hmmmph!"
When she sees us puff our cheeks up and put our faces together, Ami giggles even harder.
Ami: "It's like I'm watching Miyafuji and my teacher go at it. They get along well with each other, so I always get left behind."
Ami: "They graduated from the main school, so they're quite close...and they always talk about their school days."
Ami: "When my teacher's talking about her...she looks so happy that I can't help feeling jealous. I just know they have all sorts of great memories together..."
After a mile long gaze, Ami smiles and turns to us.
Ami: "I think they're a lot like you two...and now I really wish we went to the same school."
When I hear that, Senpai and I exchange glances. Then, Senpai's eyes go wide, as if she's realized something.
Nagisa: "Hey, isn't it about time to see her off?"
Whoa! I quickly take a look at my watch.
Kaori: "Ahh, I got too into that silly bit with Senpai and totally forgot the time! Sorry -- your ride's about to come, right?"
Nagisa: "S-Silly bit?! Hmph! That's awfully rude, Sawai!"
Ignoring Senpai's pursed lips and protests, I smile at Ami.
Kaori: "I'll carry your bags, Ami. Let's head over to the lobby."
Ami: "Sure, thanks a lot."
I pick up her bags, but before we leave the room, Ami takes a quick look back at her bed.
Ami: "I didn't mind being here..."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Ami shakes her head a little.
Ami: "It's nothing. Let's get going, Kaorin!"
Ami: "I guess this is the last I'll be seeing of the hospital for a while..."
Nagisa: "Not quite yet, right? You still have check-ups to come for, don't you?"
Ami: "Oh, I sure do! And...can I come visit the ward?"
Ami asks in a hopeful tone. I...guess I'm saying goodbye to her voice that I've grown used to, as well...
Ami: "Thank you so much for everything!"
She bows her head. It strikes me all at once just how much I'm going to miss her, and the tears start to build up in my eyes.
Kaori: "Hey...take care out there, all right?"
Ami: "I will!"
Kaori: "And I'll always be here to talk to you if you need some advice, all right? Don't burden yourself with stuff all alone, okay?"
Ami: "Got it!"
Kaori: "Come pop in sometimes so I can see you healthy, all right?"
Ami: "You know it!"
She smiles happily at me. She's all better now, and she has to be glad to go back out into the world, but she seems kind of...sad. Am I just imagining that...?
Ami: "Hey...when I get a lot better at the forteleu, can you come listen to me play...big sis?"
Hearing ‘big sis’ brings on the tears!
Kaori: "I will! I definitely will! Even if I have work I can't get out of that day, I'll just have Senpai cover for me!"
Nagisa: "...Hey, Sawai."
Ami: "...It'll just be harder to go if we keep at this, so I'll get going."
Kaori: "Yeah. Take care, all right? And don't push yourself too hard..."
Ami: "I won't. Thank you."
With a smile and a wave, Ami turns her back to us. Her long school skirt flutters in the wind. Senpai and I watch her go until she disappears into the distance.
Nagisa: "...Let's get going, Sawai. A patient getting discharged isn't a rare thing, and her leaving so healthy is something to celebrate."
Kaori: "...Yeah."
Nagisa: "And you've got me, all right?"
I can't help but smile at that. She's really trying to cheer me up...
Kaori: "Yeah...you're right..."
Nagisa: "H-Hey, no need to sound so lukewarm. Am I not what you wanted?"
Kaori: "N-No, it's not that at all..."
Nagisa: "Psshh, there goes my girl, tacking it on. Hmph!"
Kaori: "...It's like...my first discharge was a healthy one, so I think I got a little emotional..."
Kaori: "I can't exactly describe it. It's a mixture of joy and sadness...though her getting out healthy is definitely something to be happy about."
Nagisa: "...Yeah. It's...probably important that you hang onto that feeling."
Suddenly, Senpai stops joking around and speaks with a serious expression.
Kaori: "Huh...?"
Nagisa: "I'm saying, you don't want to forget the basics. Not of the job, or how you feel."
Nagisa: "When I had my first discharge, I was just as happy as you were, and just as sad."
Nagisa: "When my first patient died, I was in such despair that all I could do was cry...beat myself up over not having enough knowledge or skill..."
Senpai...
Nagisa: "I'd get so emotionally attached like you did, feeling joy and sadness over each patient...and seeing this kind of brings me back."
Senpai chuckles to herself as she looks into my eyes.
Nagisa: "You don't want to forget those feelings, all right?"
Kaori: "I won't!"
I answer with a vigorous nod. My patient got better and left the hospital with a smile. That's a wonderful occasion, something to celebrated. Though part of me wanted to get closer to her and spend more time together, I'm a lot happier to see her go home with a smile. And I'd love to see off more smiling patients like this. So I have to work even harder. And for that sake, I vow to myself to become a more competent nurse.
====================scr00303.kgo====================
Yasuko: "Sawai, how much of the black have you filled in?"
Kaori: "I'm sorry, I'm still on the eighth page."
Yasuko: "Nah, it's real impressive that you've pulled off that level and that speed of work on your first try!"
Yamanouchi sounds awfully pleased....So, I'm helping Yamanouchi after work again. Today, I'm doing this process where I have to fill in places she's marked with an "x"
in black pen. It's a surprisingly demanding task. You can't color outside the area, and if you're too soft, you'll end up with a weak grey. And of course, you don't want to miss a spot. Urgh...I've focused so hard my eyes are starting to hurt... And my shoulders and hips are all tensed up, and my right hand hurts, and my eyes are flickering......But, it has gotten a little fun. Come to think of it, Yamanouchi went somewhere yesterday, since it was her day off. I wonder if she went out in those pretty clothes hanging on the wall? It's Golden Week, and it's probably boring if work's all you have going on, like me...
Yasuko: "Hey, I'm starvin' as all hell. Could eat a horse! How 'bout you, Sawai?"
Whoa, she doesn't pull any punches.
Kaori: "I am feeling a little peckish, but..."
Yasuko: "But? But what?"
Urgh...she's honing in on what I said. Can I say it? Should I come out with it?
Kaori: "I think you could say that a bit more delicately..."
Ahh, I said it!
Yasuko: "Delicately...?"
Sh-She's not mad...?
Yasuko: "Words are just decoration! The people on top don't get that!"
Kaori: "Hyahhh?!"
Yasuko: "Hahaha! Gotcha good, did I?"
Wait, she seems...like she's in a pretty good mood. Where'd all this energy come from, anyway?
Yasuko: "But ya know, I'm real happy you came to this hospital."
Kaori: "R-Really...?"
Hooboy...I really can't keep up with Yamanouchi's vibrancy, here...
Yasuko: "Sometimes people from Tokyo really don't like my accent, so I was real careful at first, know what I mean?"
Tokyo? But...but we're not in Tokyo... Maybe it's all the same to people from Kansai.
Yasuko: "So I worked real hard not to be off-puttin' with my speakin' and the like, but..."
Yasuko: "I didn't last half a month!"
She burst out laughing. Yeah...she's not a bad person. I just can't follow her energy, that's all. But she does her job really well, so it's not like it leads to any problems...
Yasuko: "Kaori, you don't like how I say rough things sometimes? You can't accept it?"
Kaori: "H-Hwahh?"
She looks up at me with wet, puppy-dog eyes, and it does my heart no favors...
Kaori: "I-I don't dislike it..."
Yasuko: "Nice, good t'hear! Now I'm starvin' as all hell! Sawai, go buy us some grub!"
...... How in the world does she switch gears so quickly? Grasping that is just beyond me.
Yasuko: "I'll give you enough to cover what ya need, so buy whatever you want at the store."
She hands me five one thousand yen bills.
Yasuko: "It'll be nice to get some fresh air too, y'know?"
Yamanouchi's grin is, as usual, as suspicious as can be. 
Kaori: "I'm really hungry..."
I went to sleep when I got back from work without eating a thing, but... It's so late, and yet I'm practically starving.
Kaori: "What should I do...?"
All that's in the fridge is water, alcohol, and other drinks. All the snacks are gone, too. Meaning the only choices available are going out to the convenience store to buy food, or just going to sleep. The store's a little far away, but the trip will provide food for days. It would be easy to just sleep, but that would mean I'd go to work without eating anything tomorrow.
Kaori: "Considering tomorrow...I'll have to go to the store."
With that, I check to make sure there's money in my wallet and get going.
Staff: "Thank you, come again!"
Kaori: "...I think I bought a bit too much."
I wobble out of the store with the heavy bag in both arms. This should tide me over! Ahh...the dorm's so far away... I definitely bought too much...
Kaori: "...Hm?"
There's a phone in front of the manager's office that connects directly to the management company, for when he's absent. And a certain someone hangs up the phone, looking awfully frustrated...
Kaori: "Chief?"
Hatsumi: "Oh...Sawai..."
Kaori: "Is something the matter, Chief?"
Hatsumi: "I can't get a line from the phone in my room...and because the management company is closed today and it's after hours, they won't help me..."
Her phone? Is the wire messed up? Sometimes the phone wire gets disconnected, in one way or another.
Kaori: "Do you want me to take a look at it?"
Hatsumi: "Oh, you don't have-- Well...I would appreciate it, but I can't impose that on an employee after hours..."
Kaori: "Hey, it's no trouble at all, Chief!"
When she sees me smile, the Chief looks relieved. It's always nice to do things that make people happy! I've got to do my best to make sure I keep her smiling!
Hatsumi: "In that case, I think I'll indulge..."
Kaori: "All right! Can you take me to your room, then?"
Hatsumi: "...E-Er...it's this room, but..."
When we get in front of her room, the Chief suddenly starts acting nervous.
Kaori: "Can I come in?"
Hatsumi: "S-Sure...go ahead..."
Kaori: "Then I'll just help myself in!"
I put down my shopping bag for a little and enthusiastically open the door.
Kaori: "!!"
...I closed the door without even realizing it...but what was that? I'm not just seeing things, am I...?
Hatsumi: "......"
I see that the Chief's face is a little red. Er...all right, let's take a deep breath and try this again.
Kaori: "......"
I wasn't seeing things...! This...this is a messy room!
Hatsumi: "I'm sorry, it's a little messy."
A LITTLE?! Chief, this is way more than a "little"!
Kaori: "U-Um...um..."
Hatsumi: "Well, come on in."
I pick up my shopping bag and the Chief goes in first. Ah...would it be all right if I just left my bag and ran for it? And just go to the shop again...? ... No, I couldn't do that. I give up and follow the Chief into her room.
Kaori: "S-So, um...where's your phone...?"
Hatsumi: "The receiver's here."
Kaori: "Oh, I mean...the base..."
Hatsumi: "U-Um, around there?"
...She sounds the opposite of confident. And when I look to the direction she's pointing in, all I see is a mountain of books. I turn back to see the Chief tilting her head and smiling away, trying to cover up her blunder, and I have to hold back a sigh.
Kaori: "If it's under there somewhere...there's not much I can do at this point..."
Hatsumi: "R-Right you are."
The Chief puts on a smile in an attempt to paper over the awkwardness. That's the first time I've seen that kind of smile from her!
Kaori: "A-Anyway, we can't do anything until we dig up the phone base, so..."
Kaori: "I'll come back later, so can you clean up this room while I'm gone?"
Right when I say that, though, the Chief looks worried.
Hatsumi: "...O-Oh, I thought you were going to help..."
!! Wait, is the Chief...being needy? And depending on me for help?! But wouldn't cleaning up this room be REALLY hard?! B-But the Chief wouldn't be needy, not normally, anyway... What should I do?! All right--I'll help. Please do it yourself. I take a deep breath, then exhale.
Kaori: "...All right, I'll help."
Hatsumi: "Y-You will...?"
She looks like a lost child who's finally stumbled onto a familiar road.
Hatsumi: "Thank you...I really appreciate it."
Her smile is like a flower in bloom. I find myself thinking that...it's a bit of a shame.
Kaori: "With a smile like that, it's kind of a shame you don't smile all the time..."
Hatsumi: "...Sawai, you're too kind..."
Her face goes beet red. When I see her reaction, I realize that I blurted out what I was thinking. Urgh...I can't believe I said something so rude to her...!
Kaori: "W-Well, shall we get to sprucing this place up?"
Hatsumi: "Yes, let's!"
I slowly look around my surroundings.
Kaori: "...There's just way too much here. And didn't you make this mess yourself, Chief? Please, take care of it yourself."
When I say that, a wave of disappointment comes over her face.
Hatsumi: "You're right...I made my bed, so to speak, and I have to sleep in it..."
She looks so down. Urgh...why do I have to feel so guilty? What did I do to deserve this?
Hatsumi: "It shouldn't take too much time to just dig out the phone base..."
The Chief wobbles over in the direction she pointed to.
Hatsumi: "It should be...under here..."
She rummages through the mountain of documents, messily dividing them.
Kaori: "Ch-Chief? If you go through them like that, you'll injure your hand..."
Hatsumi: "Ouch...!"
The Chief pulls her hand back in a panic. It looks like she cut her fingertip on some paper.
Kaori: "See, I just told you..."
I crouch down next to the Chief and start tidying up the mass of papers.
Hatsumi: "Sawai?"
Kaori: "I can't bear to watch. I'll help you clean up, so please tend to that hand."
Hatsumi: "...Thank you."
She whispers....Looks like there's no getting out of cleaning this room. Yeesh. I bundle up pile after pile of paper, trying to get to the floor. When I clean up one spot and almost see the floor, another pile of papers collapses into it to fill the void. And when I clean that up, I discover a buried pile of books! This pile, of course, collapses and tumbles down. The papers and books pile up on each other like a layered mille-feuille pastry. Among the piles are clothes, plastic bags and envelopes, resulting in a chaotic floor. I'm actually impressed at how much she's just let pile up. The Chief sort of hung around me at first, interacting with objects in such a strange way that I couldn't tell if she was cleaning up or making more of a mess, so I ended up requesting she pull away. She seemed kind of down when I did, but I did what I had to do. There's no way I can get any cleaning done when she's around.
Kaori: "Oh...!"
When a stack of thick papers crumbles down, I notice the shine of plastic beyond it. I push the stack of papers out of the way to find the phone base.
Kaori: "...There it is!"
I finally found it...! I can't believe searching for a telephone would be this hard! When I peer at the back of the base, I notice that the wire that should continue into the wall has been pulled out by a book that had been leaning on it. I plug it back in and call out to the Chief.
Kaori: "Chief! Now you should be able to use your phone!"
Hatsumi: "R-Really?!"
She comes up to me with the receiver in hand and lighter footfalls.
Hatsumi: "Oop...!"
The piles of books and papers I'd just finished separating collapse.
Hatsumi: "...I'm sorry."
She gives me a saddened apology....It's like she's a little kid. I can't get mad at her with that face. That's no fair, Chief...
Kaori: "It's all right...I'll clean this up later. So, does the phone work?"
Hatsumi: "U-Um..."
The Chief presses a button on the receiver. She then puts it to her ear with a worried look......but a smile blooms on her face before long.
Hatsumi: "It works! It actually works!"
She presses another button and turns the receiver off before throwing it away. It slams into a pile of papers and makes them collapse, but she's too happy to notice. The Chief takes my hand and holds it tight.
Hatsumi: "Thank you so much, Sawai! I don't know how I could ever thank you!"
She has adhesive bandages on her index and middle fingers. Those are definitely going to hurt tomorrow when she has to wash her hands at work...
Kaori: "O-Oh, no need to thank me...I didn't do much."

Hatsumi: "But you did really come through for me tonight, so...oh, I know! How about we go and get something nice to eat? You must be hungry, right?"
Hungry...?     "Hey, I'm starvin' as all hell. Could eat a horse!      How 'bout you, Sawai?"
      "I'll give you enough to cover what ya need,       so buy whatever you want at the store."
Kaori: "Ah!"
I'd totally forgotten about Yamanouchi!
Kaori: "Ch-Chief! I just remembered I was in the middle of something important! I have to be on my way!"
Hatsumi: "Oh, really?"
I'm a little happy that she sounds disappointed...
Hatsumi: "...Well...see you tomorrow at work, then."
I feel a little guilty when I see how reluctant the Chief is, but I can't leave Yamanouchi by herself!
Kaori: "S-See you tomorrow! Good night!"
Oh no, oh no! Yamanouchi's going to be so mad at me! Huh? The door's...open...
Kaori: "I-I'm back..."
The room looks the same as I'd left it, but totally dark... And when I turn on the lights, I see...!
Kaori: "Y-Yamanouchi?!"
Yamanouchi, laid out on the floor!
Kaori: "Y-Yamanouchi?! H-Hang in there!"
Yasuko: "S-Sawai... You're...you're back..."
Kaori: "Yamanouchi, I'm so sorry I'm late!"
Yasuko: "It's all good...really... Now that you're back, ain't nothin' more I want in this world..."
Yasuko: "But could ya...listen to my last wish...?"
Kaori: "You've got to hang in there!"
Yasuko: "Just...hear me out... Don't let my passin' get ya down... Ya gotta become the hospital's next shinin' star... Urgh...!"
Kaori: "Y-Yamanouchiiiii!"
..................
Kaori: "...Why are we doing this, again?"
Yasuko: "Well, nothin' like cripplin' hunger to get the creative juices goin'."
Yamanouchi is back on her feet and laughing away. So strange......but kind of fun, at the same time. 
Hatsumi: "...I thought it was a lot, though..."
Huh?! The Chief's all depressed again! She sure is expressive in her room...
Hatsumi: "......"
Kaori: "...Umm..."
For some reason, I can't keep the conversation going... And I don't want to impose on her room for too long, so I think it's about time I left.
Kaori: "...Well, er...I'll be going now."
Hatsumi: "O-Oh...already?! B-But...well, it would be rude to stop you..."
Hatsumi: "Thank you so much for today. You really came through for me, Sawai."
Kaori: "I'm glad I could help."
Hatsumi: "...Well...see you tomorrow at work."
The Chief squirms around and timidly waves at me.
Kaori: "All right, see you tomorrow!"
Kaori: "...Phew, I'm beat...!"
I dive into my warm bed. But still, I can't believe that the cool and collected Chief had such a messy room... You really can't judge a book by its cover!
====================scr00304.kgo====================
Today's another busy day at the hospital. People must have poured into the hospital after Golden Week, because it's packed! And what's worse, even though I'm busy enough, I find Mr. Otai vomiting while I'm doing my IV rounds! I leave the IV rounds to Senpai and Yamanouchi and tend to him. Room 302 is a doubles room. Both the patients are men, and since I'm a bit afraid of men in general, I wondered if I could pull off taking care of them. But my uniform might have worked its magic on me, because I felt like I forgot that I was dealing with a man, and that I was afraid of men. And I think that I just might have properly nursed him. I mean, Mr. Otai did thank me with a smile before I left. So I came back to the nurses station to write my report before I forgot, but...
Kaori: "Hrmm..."
Er...what was the refuse like, again? It was kind of watery, so it was like a serous fluid, and......there was no blood mixed in there, so I'll write that in, and it looked like there was some of his breakfast in there, so I'll jot that down, too... Er. So, what else should I write in this record...?
Yasuko: "All done with the IV rounds! Oh, hey, newbie! How was Mr. Otai?"
Kaori: "Well, he seems to have had a stomachache since before breakfast, so he felt a lot better after vomiting!"
Nagisa: "Did you manage to write your report?"
Kaori: "Urgh..."
Yamanouchi snatches up the report that I've yet to finish.
Yasuko: "Oh hoh, a newbie little report if I ever saw one."
Kaori: "Ahh, don't look at it!"
Yasuko: "Reports are made to be read by other people."
Kaori: "I-I know that, but...!"
Nagisa: "Sawai, about this report. You've made the qualities clear, but what about the amount? The color? Oh, and you forgot to put in his vitals."
Kaori: "Oh, you're right."
Nagisa: "And write down what you told us the patient told you."
Kaori: "Got it!"
That's the Senpai I know! That's really helpful criticism.
Yasuko: "Wow, Fujisawa, you're like a teacher!"
Hatsumi: "......"
Nagisa: "Well, I am Sawai's preceptor!"
Hatsumi: "......"
Yasuko: "*Whistle*!"
Hatsumi: "...Are you about done?"
Ahh! Ch-Chief!
Hatsumi: "We're going to have a patient in room 311. Yamanouchi, you're free today, aren't you? I'd like you to ready the room."
Yasuko: "Aye aye, cap'n."
Hatsumi: "This patient has a bit of a difficult disease, but...Sawai, I'd like you to be in charge of her."
Kaori: "Y-Yes ma'am!"
Wait...I'm going to be in charge of a patient?! Me?! Whoa! My first patient! Ahh, this has me all nervous!
Hatsumi: "Fujisawa, do help Sawai out."
Nagisa: "Y-Yes ma'am, I'll do my best."
Hatsumi: "She'll be here first thing in the afternoon. The outpatient ward's sent word, so go on down when the phone call comes in."
Hatsumi: "Study up on her disease before she gets here. Oh, and...here."
Kaori: "Yes ma'am!"
The Chief hands me some documents. Are these her...medical records? Patient name is Sayuri Sakai. Her age is 20 years old... Oh, she's just a year younger than me. And her disease is...
Nagisa: "...Pancytopenia...?"
Senpai gasps as she peeks into the record. Yamanouchi joins in and takes a look, too.
Yasuko: "Chief...you seriously gonna put the newbie in charge of her? I mean, it says here they're suspectin' aplastic anemia..."
Hatsumi: "......"
A dark mood settles over the nurses station. I'm not sure what pancy-whatever is, but aplastic anemia...that's a blood disease, right...? I remember learning about it in school, but what kind of illness was it, again? Was it bad enough to make the whole nurses station silent?
Yasuko: "Hello, internal medicine ward speaking! ...Oh. All right, understood. Be right there."
Yasuko: "Sawai! Your patient's here! Go get 'er!"
Kaori: "G-Got it! I'm off!"
Uwah...I'm on break, too. But, I've got to do what I've got to do.
Yasuko: "Fujisawa...ah, she's on a nurse call. Think you can handle going alone?"
Kaori: "Er...I just need to take Miss Sakai from the outpatient ward to room 311, right?"
Yasuko: "You got it. And if there's anythin' you don't understand, don't hesitate to just come back, y'hear?"
Kaori: "Got it, I'll do my best!"
Kaori: "Now, then...Sayuri Sakai, Sayuri Sakai..."
Kaori: "......"
Come to think of it, I think this is the first time I've been to the outpatient ward during examination hours... And there's a surprising amount of people here, too......What do I do...? Right then, someone in a white coat passes by.
Kaori: "U-Um, excuse me! Would you happen to know where Sayuri Sakai is?"
Pharmacist: "Um...I'm a pharmacist, so I don't know much about the patients here..."
Wh-What?!
Pharmacist: "I'm really sorry, can you ask someone else?"
Kaori: "O-Oh...I will, sorry..."
I probe around the area. Unfortunately, there are plenty of patients around my age on the floor... How am I supposed to find one out of this crowd...?
X-Ray Technician: "Hey, got a minute?"
Kaori: "Hwah?"
X-Ray Technician: "Can you take these films over to reception? Just tell them they've already been interpreted."
Kaori: "H-Hold on a--"
Kaori: "Th-This weighs a ton!"
What's up with this huge stack of envelopes?! It's so heavy!
X-Ray Technician: "Thanks a bunch!"
Kaori: "W-Wait, wh...?!"
What do I do now? Er...he told me to go to reception, right? Fine, fine... I guess I'll bring them over...
Kaori: "Ahh...I really don't have time for this, either..."
Now then. I handed the stack of brown envelopes to the receptionists, and I sent the message I was supposed to. Now I'm back in the outpatient ward, but... It feels like there's more people here than before... Ahh! Miss Sakai, where are you?!
Outpatient Nurse A: "Hey, you there!"
Kaori: "Y-Yes?"
Outpatient Nurse A: "You from internal medicine?"
...Her words are pretty thorny...
Kaori: "Y-Yes, I am..."
Outpatient Nurse A: "You're so late! What were you doing?! Your patient's been waiting on you this whole time!"
Kaori: "I-I'm sorry!"
It's not like I wasn't looking...
Outpatient Nurse A: "Well, here's Miss Sayuri, your patient. I'll go send her records and film up to the ward."
Outpatient Nurse A: "And good grief, afternoon examinations have already begun! Try to come as soon as we call next time, all right?!"
Outpatient Nurse A: "Sorry for the wait, Miss Sakai. Please go up to the ward with this nurse."
Sayuri: "All right. Thank you very much."
The patient stands up and bows to the other nurse. Wow...she's beautiful...
Sayuri: "......"
Huh? Is it just me, or is she...glaring my way?
Sayuri: "Just how long am I supposed to wait?"
Kaori: "O-Oh, right, sorry for being so late."
I ran into a bit of an unexpected situation, but that's not her fault at all.
Kaori: "Er, I'm Kaori Sawai, a nurse from the internal medicine ward. You're Sayuri Sakai, right?"
Sayuri: "......"
Huh? She's...definitely glaring at me, isn't she...?
Kaori: "Er...so, where are your parents?"
Sayuri: "My nurse simply wouldn't show up, so she left. She said she couldn't wait forever."
Kaori: "Oh...I'm sorry about that."
Sayuri: "I almost never agree with her, but this time, we saw eye to eye. It just might rain tomorrow."
Kaori: "Huh? What does that...?"
Sayuri: "Because if I wasn't entering the hospital today, I would have left, too."
Kaori: "......"
I-Is it just me, or does she really not like me...?
Kaori: "B-But, if your mother would leave on the day you're being admitted to the hospital, she must be...busy with work?"
Sayuri: "......"
E-Er...? Did I say something weird?
Sayuri: "It's none of your business. Don't butt your head into people's family lives."
Kaori: "Urgh..."
That was...a pretty clear rejection.
Sayuri: "And once again, how long am I supposed to wait on this floor holding my bags?"
Kaori: "O-Oh, sorry about that. I'll bring you right up to your ward..."
Kaori: "Er...please leave your valuables in the safe on your bedside table. We can hold onto any larger valuables in the nurses station."
Sayuri: "......"
Kaori: "Th-The emergency exits are...on both ends of the corridor. Please follow the nurses' instruction during an emergency."
Sayuri: "......"
Kaori: "Your room is...this single room, 311. Do you have any questions?"
Sayuri: "......"
What's up with her? She's been so quiet this whole time... That just makes things really awkward.
Kaori: "Single rooms come with an extra bed fee. Did they explain that to you in the outpatient ward?"
Sayuri: "I have the money."
Oh, I see.
Sayuri: "Could you hurry up and leave? Having to wait so long downstairs has left me a little tired."
H-Hurry up and leave? Everything she says is just so harsh. I mean, I know I made her wait and that's on me, but she doesn't have to be so mean about it. It's hurtful.
Kaori: "All right. Er, I'm your assigned nurse, so don't hesitate to ask me for anything."
Sayuri: "Excuse me?"
She sounds surprised all of a sudden.
Sayuri: "YOU'RE my assigned nurse? Is this some kind of joke?"
Kaori: "J-Joke...?"
Sayuri: "Someone who can't even show up on time can't take care of an ill patient. Please get me someone else."
Why does she have to put it like that? I'm totally at fault for making her wait downstairs, but that doesn't mean she has to go and change nurses... And would the Chief really change nurses if a newbie like me told her the patient asked for it? She'd switch nurses if she wanted to answer the patient's request, but......if we're going to have our patients follow ward rules, a change would be unthinkable. What should I say to her?
Kaori: "Er, well..."
We can't do that. I'll ask.
Kaori: "We can't do that."
To be honest, I don't want to be assigned to someone who seems so difficult. But the Chief told me to do it, and I know nurses can't choose their patients. So I'm going to try my best to do what I can.
Kaori: "The ward has its own rules, and we can't allow our patients to bend them."
Sayuri: "You think I'm just trying to bend the rules?"
Sayuri: "I'm not being petty. I just don't want someone inferior to me wandering around in my sight."
In...ferior...?
Kaori: "You don't even know me..."
Sayuri: "Oh, I know you. Kaori Sawai, an amateur if there ever was one."
Kaori: "Wh..."
My heart begins to race. I mean, I am new, that's true......but why does she know my full name? Especially when she's just been admitted to the hospital today...? Is it my nametag? But only my last name's on my nametag.
Sayuri: "Is it really that surprising? Because you stand out a bit, in quite a few ways."
I can hear my heartbeat. It's loud.
Sayuri: "You didn't even know how much you stood out? ...Hah, what a laugh."
Miss Sakai's voice starts sounding far away...
Sayuri: "I hate people like you. I really do."
I feel a stab in my heart at the word "hate."
Sayuri: "You've lived such a charmed life, Miss Sawai, so I'll bet this is the first time you've had someone say they hate you to your face. My, I'm jealous."
She makes no effort to hide her hatred.
Sayuri: "You're dead wrong if you think everyone's going to be nice to you. Because I'm not so soft."
Kaori: "......"
Sayuri: "Hah. You've had such a pleasant, easy life...and it makes me want to vomit."
My fingers feel deathly cold. What...what am I going to do...? I start shaking uncontrollably.
Sayuri: "I never wanted to see you again, but here you are, right in my hospital room."
Sayuri: "And you just had to be my assigned nurse, didn't you? If this is a joke, it couldn't be less funny."
I put my hands together and press them against my chest. I have to calm down...I have to calm down...
Sayuri: "Now you know why I want a new nurse. Did that get through to you?"
I...I have to say something...
Kaori: "...Even so, you cannot change your assigned nurse."
My spell seems to have worked, and I feel a thin wall appear between myself and reality. The words come out much easier after that.
Kaori: "Your irritation is not our problem. Furthermore, keeping a specific nurse out of your sight would be a great detriment to the hospital's operation. It can't be done."
I feel strangely relieved as I speak.
Kaori: "You have two choices. Accept your assigned nurse, or admit yourself into another hospital."
I'm the one speaking, but for some reason, it doesn't feel real. It feels like there's a membrane between reality and myself, as if I'm in a safe place being protected by someone...
Kaori: "But just changing hospitals doesn't mean that you'll be assigned a nurse that you like."
Kaori: "So what will it be? Will you leave this hospital, or stay?"
Sayuri: "......"
Wow...she's fallen totally silent. Am I...surprisingly tough?
Kaori: "Um...I'll try asking."
This isn't really something I have the authority to decide. I've got to talk with the Chief first. But, well...that isn't ideal.
Hatsumi: "...So you're telling me you got told off and crawled back to me?"
Kaori: "I-I did..."
Hatsumi: "...I won't allow this change. Miss Sakai isn't the only patient here, and we don't have enough nurses as is."
Hatsumi: "Good grief... Why would you just accept what a patient says like that at face value?"
Kaori: "I'm sorry."
Hatsumi: "Then go and explain it to her. Now."
Kaori: "Y-Yes ma'am."
I didn't expect it to work out, anyway... So I can't be too banged up over it....That said.
Kaori: "I checked with my supervisor, and she said she wouldn't allow a change..."
Sayuri: "...Well, I expected that."
Sayuri: "...All right. I won't say anything more about you being assigned to me."
Kaori: "......"
Phew... I was worried about what I'd do if she complained to me more, but I'm glad she just stopped.
Sayuri: "Since that's settled, could you leave? I'm tired."
Oof....She seriously is tough to deal with.
Kaori: "W-Well, don't hesitate to use your nurse call if you need anything."
Sayuri: "......"
Phew, that was nerve-wracking... Can I really pull off being in charge of Miss Sakai...? This...this isn't going to be easy...
Kaori: "I'm back..."
Yasuko: "Hey, how was she? Look like things'll work out well?"
Kaori: "...Could you take a guess...?"
Yasuko: "Well, it's somethin' we all go through. Lemme tell it to ya: Patients are a pain by default."
Hatsumi: "...Yamanouchi, that was out of turn."
Yasuko: "Right, right, my bad."
Nagisa: "Sawai, are you all right? You look really pale. Was she seriously that exhausting?"
Kaori: "W-Well, pretty much..."
Though I'd say "depressing"
over "exhausting"...
Hatsumi: "Sawai, don't let a patient being rude to you bring you down so much. Pull it together!"
Kaori: "Y-Yes, ma'am..."
You know, she's right. There's a lot of patients out there, so I can't let myself be so down over how just one acts towards me. And I understand that with my head, but...
Kaori: "*Sigh*..."
And I'm the one in charge of her moving forward... I wonder if she'll be mean to me like before whenever something happens? With that in mind, I just can't help but sigh...*sigh*.
====================scr00305.kgo====================
Kaori: "Senpai, what should I do today?"
Nagisa: "Oh, got your hands free? Let's go and check the drugs we've got left over, then."
Kaori: "All right, I'll go ready the prescriptions, then."
When I pick up the prescription sheet, the Chief looks up.
Hatsumi: "Say, Fujisawa. Yesterday, you missed confirming if a patient had taken their medicine or not when clearing their dishes, didn't you? Be more careful."
Nagisa: "Wh-What?! I...!"
The Chief stops working and looks right at Senpai.
Hatsumi: "Mr. Kato in room 303 left his medicine on his lunch tray. We're lucky that Yamanouchi had noticed."
Mr. Kato has diabetes, if I remember right. There are so many patients here that keeping track of them all is really hard...!
Nagisa: "I-I..."
Hatsumi: "Clearing up a patient's dishes isn't just a mechanical process of taking their finished tray away."
Hatsumi: "Did you do a final check to make sure there was nothing on the patient's tray after checking how much he'd eaten?"
Nagisa: "W-Well..."
Senpai loses her confidence before the Chief's harsh eyes and looks down.
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi managed to cover for you this time, but that won't always be the case. Do you always do your final checks?"
Nagisa: "...I'm sorry."
Hatsumi: "Check two or three times. If something happens, it will already be too late."
Nagisa: "......"
Hatsumi: "You may feel secure because it's something you do every day, but it's that sense of security that leads to incidents."
Hatsumi: "I gave him his regular medicine first, so he must have taken it. He's very meticulous, so it'll be all right."
Hatsumi: "...Those kinds of assumptions are the most dangerous. You learned that in nursing school, didn't you?"
Nagisa: "...I did."
Hatsumi: "Make sure you do double checks with Sawai when cleaning up meal plates. Understood?"
Nagisa: "Understood. I'm very sorry."
The Chief moves her eyes from Senpai and looks around the nurses station.
Hatsumi: "There have been more medicine-related incidents lately. It's not just Fujisawa -- we all need to be careful."
Nagisa: "Yes, ma'am..."
Kaori: "Yes, ma'am!"
Hatsumi: "In any case, Fujisawa -- write an incident report and submit it to me today."
Nagisa: "...I will."
After finishing up her warning, the Chief hurries out of the station as usual. Senpai looks exhausted as she watches her go, then slumps into the chair next to me.
Nagisa: "Ahh...why aren't things going well...?"
She looks pale as she whispers that.
Kaori: "Say...Senpai, are you tired...?"
After saying that, I think hard about my next words. Can I come up with any good ideas? Something that would make Senpai feel better and more energetic... Something...
Kaori: "Hey, I know! How about we go shopping on the way home tonight? It'll be a nice way to relax, and we can have some great food!"
Nagisa: "Shopping?"
Kaori: "Yeah! How about we go to a nice cake shop, or a cute little knick knack store?"
Nagisa: "......"
The silence continues. The quiet becomes unbearable, and when I start to feel like I shouldn't have said anything...
Nagisa: "...You know...you're right...I wouldn't mind going somewhere with you..."
Kaori: "Really?!"
I hop right then and there.
Kaori: "Then let's wrap up our work quick and leave without overtime!"
I'm thrilled Senpai took me up on my offer.
Nagisa: "Yeah. I've got that incident report to work on, so can you take care of the normal reports?"
Kaori: "Oh, just leave it to me!"
Kaori: "Wow...I know it's a weekday, but Kanakura sure is busy!"
Nagisa: "Yeah, there's so many people and places to shop!"
Getting on a train and going out to do shopping after work is usually pretty annoying, but......since I'm with Senpai today, that isn't the case at all. In fact, it's pretty exciting!
Kaori: "Oh, Senpai, look over there! There's a bunch of cute little trinkets in that store!"
Nagisa: "Oohh, I've never been there."
Senpai looks to where I'm pointing with interested eyes.
Kaori: "Want to stop by later?"
Nagisa: "Sure!"
With that, we keep on chatting as we look at knick knacks and clothes, enjoying our window shopping. Phew...it looks like Senpai feels better again. When I look at her smile by my side as we chat, I start to feel a lot better, myself. Senpai's always helping me out when I mess up, so I've got to repay the favor! I'll do my best to not fall behind! I want to get to her level soon, as we can work hard together!
Nagisa: "Hey, the cake shop's going to close on us if we don't hurry!"
Kaori: "Wahh, we can't let that happen! Let's hurry, Senpai!"
Nagisa: "Race you to the shop!"
Senpai runs on ahead without waiting for me to respond.
Kaori: "Uwahh, Senpai, you cheated! No fair!"
I chase after Senpai as she laughs and runs ahead, feeling myself chase after her in my heart, as well.
====================scr00306.kgo====================
Hatsumi: "Is there anything else to report? ...All right, this ends morning reports, then. Good job, everyone."
The night shift nurses all say goodbye as they leave the nurses station. And as they go, the day shifters start scrambling to their posts to begin the day. Before the Chief leaves the nurses station with a notebook in her hand, I quickly call out to her.
Kaori: "U-Um, Chief!"
Hatsumi: "Yes? What is it, Sawai?"
Kaori: "A postcard came yesterday from the public health office! My nursing license is here!"
In the nurses license system, the license isn't sent to the person directly. To get a license, you have to pass the national test, then go to the public health office of your jurisdiction with the certificate you receive. Once there, you file a request for a license. When your registration paperwork is complete and your certificate verified, the license is sent to that office. The postcard that gets sent to me lets me know that my license is in the health office, so now I have to bring it there. And yesterday, I received that very postcard. It's proof that there's a license out there with my name on it. Which means I'm officially a real nurse!
Nagisa: "Congratulations, Sawai! Now you can officially work here as a nurse!"
Senpai's as happy as can be for me!
Kaori: "Thanks! I'll keep on doing my best!"
Yasuko: "Ya sure ya wanna say that? Since you've got yer license, we're gonna run ya ragged, y'know?"
R-Ragged?
Kaori: "Heh...well, go right ahead. The harder you work me, the closer I'll get to being a veteran!"
Yasuko: "Hah! I'll hold ya to that!"
When we start to get loud, the Chief lets out a deep sigh.
Hatsumi: "...I'll let the head nurse and director of nursing know that your license has arrived."
Hatsumi: "I'd like you to start giving injections as of today, Sawai."
W-Wait...injections?! As of today?!
Hatsumi: "...Not going to reply?"
Kaori: "O-Oh, I'll be right on it!"
Hatsumi: "Good. And Fujisawa, I'd like you to teach Sawai how to handle injection duty as her preceptor."
Nagisa: "Y-Yes ma'am! I'll take care of it!"
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi..."
Yasuko: "Right, right. I'll play the part of veteran and coach our junior nurses here."
Hatsumi: "Glad to hear it. Part time nurses, I'd like you all to help her out, as well."
Nurse A: "Got it."
Nurse B: "Sure thing."
Nurse C: "We'll be on it."
My eyes go wide when the nurses beside me answer. P-Part time...?
Hatsumi: "Our hospital has five full time nurses: The head nurse, myself, Yamanouchi, Fujisawa, and you."
Kaori: "But...but what about the other nurses...?"
Nurse A: "I'm a temp worker. Technically, I'm an ‘temp-to-perm worker,’ but just think of me as the temp."
Huh?
Nurse B: "I'm part time, since you can only get eight days off if you're full time. I've got a little kid at home, so I need that time."
Ohhh...
Nurse C: "I'm part time, too, but that's because I want to work thirty days a month! You can't keep going like that if you're full time."
Th-There sure are a lot of work styles out there...
Hatsumi: "There are other nurses who only work the night shift, too. We're employed by different people and have different contracts, but we're all on the same team in Yurigahama General."
Kaori: "Yeah, you're right. Once again, looking forward to working with you, everyone!"
We nurses may all work in the same ward, but it looks like everyone has different ways of working. I'll just take my time learning how everyone's employed.
Hatsumi: "If you don't need anything else, I'll be going to the director's office..."
The Chief takes a look around the nurses station.
Hatsumi: "I'll be off, then. Call the nurses office if anything comes up."
With that, the Chief leaves the station as if nothing happened. Now I'm a real, official nurse...! It really puts a smile on my face. But...I am a little nervous.
====================scr00307.kgo====================
Kaori: "...Urgh..."
I find myself groaning in front of a completely blank nurse report.
Yasuko: "...Wait, you groanin' to yerself in front of yer reports again?"
Yasuko: "Fujisawa, you been teachin' her right?"
Nagisa: "Wait, you're blaming this on me?"
Kaori: "Oh, Senpai, I've been wondering this for a while now,  but...why are some reports written in red?"
Hatsumi: "...Say, Fujisawa..."
Nagisa: "I'm sorry! Her being stupid is entirely my fault!"
Huh? W-Wait, what? Why is Senpai apologizing? And wait, was she talking about me when said "stupid"?
Yasuko: "Hey, Sawai. That's the kinda question ya wanna ask on the first week on the job."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Nagisa: "Hmph! Sawai, nurse reports are split into day and night shifts -- day shift reports are in black, and night shift reports are in red!"
Kaori: "Oh, wow, really?"
Yasuko: "I don't know if bein' that laid back comes from being real confident or real dumb..."
Nagisa: "I'm so, so sorry! She doesn't mean anything bad by it -- she's just a nice, innocent girl!"
Hatsumi: "It would be nice if her intuition was a bit better."
Nagisa: "I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I'm really sorry!"
Yasuko: "Ah, newbie, before I forget -- ya botch up the temperature chart colors sometimes."
Kaori: "Wh-Wh-Whuh?"
Temperature chart? ...C-Colors?
Yasuko: "The vital signs graph. Temperature is blue, and pulse is red! Sometimes you write 'em the other way around."
Nagisa: "I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I'm really sorry!"
Yasuko: "That's the kinda stuff a preceptor needs to check. Y'understand that, Fujisawa?"
Nagisa: "I-I'm sorry! My checking was sloppy!"
Kaori: "S-Senpai...! It's not your fault, I just make too many mistakes!"
Nagisa: "No, it's not that. I'm your preceptor, Sawai."
Nagisa: "So your mistakes are my mistakes, Sawai. So I should get chewed out over this."
Kaori: "Senpai..."
Nagisa: "Sawai..."
Yasuko: "The two hug and gaze at each other, realizing the depth of their passion for each other...!"
Nagisa: "......"
Kaori: "Y-Yamanouchi...?"
Yasuko: "Ahh, I'm so jealous! I want a girlfriend, too!"
Kaori: "...Huh..."
Nagisa: "Girlfriend... Women only, huh...?"
Yasuko: "I wouldn't mind a younger kitten, but the big sister type's pretty appealing, too!"
Kaori: "......"
Yasuko: "So, Chief, how about coming to my room tonight?!"
Hatsumi: "......"
Yasuko: "It'll fall into workplace romance territory, but we're both real mature, so it'll work out!"
Hatsumi: "...Heh. Well, if you do the shift sheets for a year, I wouldn't mind thinking about it."
Yasuko: "......"
Yasuko: "W-Well, I'll be makin' my room rounds, then!"
Oh, she escaped.
Nagisa: "Wow, Chief. You drove off Yamanouchi with a single smile..."
Nagisa: "That shift sheet that the had nurse finds any reason to push onto you...just how obnoxious is it...?"
Hatsumi: "If you have time to chat, then get back to writing your reports. We're on the clock."
Kaori: "Y-Yes ma'am!"
Nagisa: "I-I'll get to doing my room rounds, too!"
Senpai scrambles out of the room as well. Meaning that the only two left in the room are myself and the Chief.
Hatsumi: "...I thought I could push the shift sheets off to Yamanouchi, too. What a pity..."
====================scr00308.kgo====================
Yasuko: "Yes, what seems to be the problem?"
Oh, a nurse call. Looks like Yamanouchi's taking it... Yamanouchi signals me with her eyes as she listens to the patient. Could this be...!
Yasuko: "All right, she'll be right there."
Yamanouchi puts up the receiver and shrugs her shoulders.
Yasuko: "That was the princess you're in charge of. Said her IV's about to run out."
There's only one patient I'm in charge of.
Kaori: "I-I'll go to Miss Sakai's room."
I don't really want to do it, but this is my job! I have to be kind to our patients! I can't give any of them different treatment!
Kaori: "...I'm here. Let's get your IV changed up."
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai doesn't even try to look at me. Urgh...this attitude is depressing to deal with... What should I do? I want to communicate with her, but I probably can't if she's like this. I quickly switch her IV bottles......There we go.
Kaori: "J-Just call if you need anything."
Sayuri: "......"
!! Did she just sigh at me?! Urgh...I don't know what I'm supposed to do...
Sayuri: "...Allow me to inform you if you didn't know. When entering someone's personal room, is it not the most basic of manners to knock? "
Sayuri: "Because it certainly doesn't seem like you did....Inconceivable."
Kaori: "...!"
I don't really remember how I got back to the nurses station after that.
Yasuko: "Whoa, Sawai. Ya look like you couldn't be more down if ya tried!"
Kaori: "...Please leave me alone."
Yasuko: "Well, there's always compatibility t'think of. How about swappin' out with someone else?"
...That would make me feel a lot better.
Kaori: "But...it's not good to give patients better or worse treatment, so I'm going to keep at it."
Yasuko: "You said it. Personally, I'd just quit and find a nicer hospital, but yer new. Not like ya can go anywhere else."
...Quit? Isn't that a bit...much?
Hatsumi: "...There you go again, saying things that will just drive more nurses out of the field..."
The Chief lets out a sigh. I-I've got to say something...!
Kaori: "Don't worry, I won't quit!"
The Chief strains out a meek smile, seeming relieved to hear that.
Hatsumi: "I'm glad to hear that. Because if you quit, I'm sure Fujisawa would be terribly disappointed."
!! That's right! I have Senpai! And I can't disappoint her, so I can't even think of quitting!
Hatsumi: "I've been thinking of what to do about your patient, and I'd like to ask...Sawai, have you studied about Miss Sakai's disease?"
Kaori: "Aplastic anemia, right? ...It's a little tough..."
Hatsumi: "That's right, it's a difficult disease. Try studying about it while imagining how you would feel if a doctor told you had it."
If I came down with aplastic anemia...
Hatsumi: "Think about what would happen to you if you came down with it, what you would want to know about it, and what would worry you."
Yasuko: "Yeah, if ya think it's someone else's problem, yer studyin' won't really stick."
Ohh... So I need to think of what it would be like if I had that disease while I study, and imagine what the patient would want to know and what they would want me to do for them. That makes sense...!
Kaori: "I'll study like that starting today!"
When I'm on my way back from another nurse call, I find myself passing by Miss Sakai's room. She's a difficult patient with a difficult disease... But she's still a twenty-year-old girl, right? We've finished giving our evening reports to the night shifters, and work's almost over, so I think I'll pay her a visit......Hm? I freeze right before I knock on her door, however. I hear voices from inside the room.
???: "Oh, generation gap? Not at all. You're still so young, Miss Chief."
That's...Miss Sakai, isn't it? I've never heard her this cheerful!
???: "That has a lot of challenges of its own, though. You can't tell what they're thinking at all with just a three year difference. They're completely alien."
Wait, Miss Sakai's talking with...the Chief?!
Sayuri: "Hmm... But, could you not call that more of a compatibility problem?"
Hatsumi: "We think in completely different ways. We have totally different ideas on something as simple as makeup, for example."
Sayuri: "Makeup... Chief, will you teach me how to do my makeup when my face gets pale?"
Hatsumi: "Certainly. You'll have to take it off during check-ups and examinations, though."
Sayuri: "Oh, that's completely fine! I'm looking forward to it!"
Kaori: "......"
I quietly pull away from the door. Miss Sakai just...spoke with the Chief like a normal girl, without any problems... I mean, I know that the Chief's a veteran, and she probably doesn't have much trouble talking with a patient as difficult as Miss Sakai, but......I feel like I had the difference between the Chief and I shoved in front of my face.... That's really depressing...
====================scr00309.kgo====================
Hatsumi: "Ward of internal medicine, Otsuka speaking."
Unlike the nurse call, phone calls to the ward are always to be taken by the Chief or a veteran nurse. If a new nurse like me takes the call, it'll just end up being a confusing game of telephone, so I was told not to answer the phone unless I was the only one in the station. I really want to be good enough to take calls myself, too, so that I can help the ward run more smoothly....I probably won't be as good as the Chief, though...
Sayuri: "Makeup... Chief, will you teach me how to do my makeup when my face gets pale?"
Hatsumi: "Certainly. You'll have to take it off during check-ups and examinations, though."
Sayuri: "Oh, that's completely fine! I'm looking forward to it!"
Miss Sayuri was smiling while talking with the Chief just a while ago... She's nothing but mean to me, but she was laughing with the Chief so sweetly... I mean, I know that I don't exactly inspire confidence when it comes to taking care of her, and she's probably worried, but... I think that attitude is a little too much.
Kaori: "...Come to think of it..."
That's when I remember my trip to the Chief's room. The Chief's room was incredibly messy, with layers and layers of books and papers here and there... And she was completely lost because she couldn't find her phone in the mess. It's so strange. She's so well organized and on top of things at work, but she goes home to a room like that every night...
Hatsumi: "...i? Hey, Sawai!"
Kaori: "Y-Yes?!"
I shoot up to my feet when I hear my name called.
Hatsumi: "That was a call from the outpatient ward. How's Miss Sayuri's aspiration?"
Kaori: "Hwah? U-Um...I think she aspires to...be better?"
Hatsumi: "Well, obviously, but I'm talking about her bone marrow aspiration. She has her examination today, doesn't she?"
Kaori: "Her bone marrow aspiration...? Oh, it's happening first thing this afternoon."
I remember that Miss Sakai has a bone marrow aspiration reserved first thing this afternoon, to gain more information on her disease.
Hatsumi: "Well, they're all ready downstairs, so you can bring her down any time."
Kaori: "......"
When I hear the Chief talk, the blood rushes from my face. I just realize the awful mistake I've made.
Hatsumi: "Sawai?"
Kaori: "...I...haven't told Miss Sakai that she has a bone marrow aspiration today..."
Hatsumi: "You what?!"
Bone marrow is the body's blood factory, so when something is wrong with the blood, we extract that marrow to find out what's going on. Since bone marrow is right in the middle of our bones, the test involves putting a thick needle through the bone itself. Just hearing about it feels incredibly painful. Which is why I procrastinated so much on wondering how to tell her she had that test coming up...!
Hatsumi: "Go and tell her, right now! And make sure you apologize! I'll contact the outpatient ward!"
Kaori: "R-Right away!"
Oh, nooo! This is REALLY bad!
Sayuri: "...Come in."
Kaori: "Sorry to bother you. And, um, actually, you have an examination coming up...!"
Sayuri: "...And what examination would that be?"
She closes the book she's reading and asks me that, sounding irritated. Urgh, I...I can't look her in the face...
Kaori: "A...b-bone marrow...aspiration..."
Sayuri: "Excuse me?! A BONE MARROW ASPIRATION?! Nobody told me about that!"
Miss Sakai snaps and throws the book she was reading to the floor.
Kaori: "I-I'm really sorry! There was just a call from the outpatient floor saying that they're ready, so you can go in at any time..."
Sayuri: "I'm not taking any examinations today."
She's as clear as can be.
Kaori: "B-But..."
Sayuri: "Of course I wouldn't! This is a bone marrow aspiration we're talking about! Do you have an idea how much those hurt?"
When she asks me that, I find that I can't answer.
Kaori: "Um...I just know that it looks really painful..."
Sayuri: "It doesn't just ‘look’ painful -- it IS painful! And incredibly so! They drill a hole right in the middle of one of your biggest bones -- how could it not hurt?!"
Sayuri: "And you can't move for a while after the operation, either! So are you telling me to go and get a hole opened in my bones right now, knowing that?!"
Kaori: "U-Umm..."
Sayuri: "I'm in this hospital to get examined and treated, but that's not all my life in here is."
Sayuri: "Or what, do you want to say that patients don't have a right to any freedom in their lives here?"
Kaori: "......"
I can't say anything in response. Miss Sakai's anger is all justified, and I'm at fault for not telling her about her examination until today.
Sayuri: "Does a nurse, a single hospital staff member, have that kind of authority? Are nurses really in that kind of position?"
Sayuri: "I guess a lowly patient can't disobey an all-powerful nurse. You never know what they'll stick in your IV if you do!"
Kaori: "I-I wouldn't do...!"
Sayuri: "You wouldn't? Hah, I can't believe a word you say. You think you can just cry and everything'll be okay, don't you?"
I come back to my senses and wipe my cheek with the back of my hand. Tears had been flowing from my eyes from sheer frustration. I can't believe I cried in front of Miss Sakai...! Even that fact alone is frustrating.
Sayuri: "Someone who likes you would probably take pity on you tearing up, but I don't feel a thing when I see your tears."
Sayuri: "No, I want to see you cry more. Because no matter how much you cry and scream, I refuse to forgive you! And I refuse to take today's examination, as well!"
???: "Now that is distressing to hear... Could you leave the stubbornness at that and take the examination?"
That's when I notice that the Chief is standing right behind me.
Hatsumi: "I apologize that my staff's mistake has caused you distress. That is, however, an unrelated matter."
She takes a step forward, as if to cover me.
Hatsumi: "I understand that this will temporarily rob you of your freedom. That said, a single examination involves many people -- doctors, nurses, technicians, and the like."
Hatsumi: "And today is Friday. Were you to cancel today's examination, your next opportunity would be Monday. That would make this critical test three days late."
Hatsumi: "I will apologize as much as you'd like later. But for the sake of the doctors and staff waiting downstairs, and your own health, would you take this examination?"
The Chief finishes up there, maintaining a gentle tone. And Miss Sakai...looks at the Chief, turns vexed eyes to me, and then looks back up at the Chief.
Sayuri: "...After hearing all of that, Miss Chief, I can't say no, can I?"
She lets out a sigh and steps out of her bed.
Sayuri: "The examination will take place in the outpatient ward, correct?"
With her cold eyes on me, all I can do is nod. My throat feels stuck, and I can't say a thing.
Hatsumi: "They'll contact us when you're finished. We'll come to get you with a stretcher, so please rest in the outpatient ward until then."
Sayuri: "All right."
Miss Sakai leaves the room. The Chief and I are the only ones left in the room.
Hatsumi: "...I thought this would happen."
Hatsumi: "She might have put it too harshly, but what she said was right. You can't expect to cry your way out of it."
Kaori: "I...I know..."
I know that I'm at fault here. Because I put off tackling something I didn't want to, and ended up forgetting it.
Hatsumi: "...But, still...why in the world is she so aggressive towards you?"
...Now that I want to know myself. Eventually, and hopefully soon, I'm going to have to really face Miss Sakai. Because if I just postpone it like I did today, I'm not going to solve a thing.
====================scr00310.kgo====================
Right when I'm about to take the nurse call, I stop myself.
Kaori: "...Urgh..."
It's from Miss Sakai... I don't really want to answer it...she'll probably be mean to me again... Senpai's not here to understand how I feel, and Yamanouchi isn't here to cheer me up. They're both on the night shift tonight, so they won't be here until the evening....But! I'm the nurse in charge of her, so I have to take this. I've got to be energetic! And cheerful! Cheerful, like Senpai and Yamanouchi! Really cheerful, needlessly cheerful!
Kaori: "Heyyy, what seems to be the problem?"
Being casual and stretching out my words makes me sound more cheerful! Next, I want to smile! Even if I ignore this call, I'm going to have to visit her room, anyway!
Sayuri: "...My IV is almost out."
Kaori: "G-Got ittt. I'll be right on over!"
I've gotta smile! Even if my cheerfulness is a total act, things'll be all right if I keep smiling!
Sayuri: "...Come on."
Kaori: "Don't mind if I do! I'll switch out your IV right away."
Sayuri is laying in bed, reading a thick book. There's some similarly large books on her bedside table.
Kaori: "Oh, my. Miss Sakai, are you a big reader?"
I try to make conversation while I change her IV bottle.
Sayuri: "Anyone would study up on their disease, wouldn't they?"
Huh? That's when I take a closer look at the books on her table.
Kaori: "Wow, medical books?!"
I take a look at the book spines. ‘Overview on Hematology,' 'Understanding Myeloid Diseases,' 'Aplastic Anemia: The Latest Treatments.’
Kaori: "Wow, Miss Sakai, you're really smart. Reading hard books always makes me sleepy!"
Sayuri: "...I'd imagine you'd have trouble."
Huh...? Did she just make fun of me...?
Sayuri: "...That aside, do you always stretch your words and sound so casual on nurse calls?"
Kaori: "Hwah?"
My eyes widen when I hear that.
Sayuri: "I don't care if you talk like that with your friends, but they not teach youuu how to talk with patients?"
Uwah! She stretched out her word on purpose there! She's not pulling any punches...
Kaori: "Th-They did!"
Sayuri: "Oh myyy, really? Then why don't you do it the way you learnnned? Don't you think that's the riiight way?"
Grr...! She's completely right, so I can't say anything!
Kaori: "I...I do..."
I can't fight with a patient, so I've got to be the one who pulls back here...!
Sayuri: "Then please, talk to patients properly. You make enough mistakes as is -- at least clean up your speech."
Kaori: "S-Sorry for the offense..."
Sayuri: "Just ‘sorry'? How about an 'I'm sorry,' or an 'I apologize’?"
Urgh...!
Kaori: "I apologize deeply for offending you and having you point out my mistake."
Sayuri: "You can say that again. The pain from last week's bone marrow aspiration is driving me mad as is; I'd rather you didn't push my buttons further."
Kaori: "...I'm truly sorry. I'll...I'll be going...!"
I bow my head and don't raise it as I go out the door behind me. Ahh...! What's her deal?! My way of speaking wasn't the best, that's for sure, but she doesn't have to be so mean about it! I was only trying to brighten the mood because she's always mean to me in the first place, and this is what I got! Why is she always so mean to me?! Does she hate me that much?! ...And there's nothing I can do about it if I don't know why... *Sigh*. How depressing...
Kaori: "I'm back..."
Hatsumi: "It looks like you're having quite a bit of trouble, Sawai."
The Chief's so lucky...she doesn't have to hear Miss Sakai tear into her.
Kaori: "I think Miss Sakai really, really hates me..."
Hatsumi: "I see."
W-Wait...is that all she's going to say to me?!
Hatsumi: "Not every patient is going to like you, so this is just another experience."
Kaori: "Well, I know that, but..."
Even so, I feel like my stomach's going to open up from the stress...
Hatsumi: "As an aside, how's the studying been?"
Kaori: "Hm? Oh, Miss Sakai's been studying in her room."
Hatsumi: "I didn't mean Miss Sakai, I meant you. Have you been studying about aplastic anemia?"
Kaori: "Er..."
I've been studying in my dorm room....But I get sleepy the moment I open my book, and it's morning before I know it...
Hatsumi: "Miss Sakai is smart, and in more ways than one. If there's anything that you don't know about her disease, she'll hit you about it hard."
Urgh...I can easily imagine that happening... She'd probably argue me down until I cry again...
Hatsumi: "...That look tells me everything. I'll help you study, so stay behind for a little."
Kaori: "O-Oh, thanks..."
Yasuko: "Howdy, everyone!"
Nagisa: "Hey, everyone! Hard at it, Sawai?"
It feels like it's been so long since I've seen Senpai's face that I almost want to cry.
Kaori: "S...Senpaiii!"
Yasuko: "Whoa there, Sawai, Yamanouchi's right here, too!"
Kaori: "You're my senpai in work, but she's my senpai in life."
Nagisa: "D-Daww, Sawai, you say the cutest things!"
Senpai hugs me tight. She likes hugs and touches as much as ever. *Giggle
Yasuko: "Ahh, Senpai, hold me tighter. I get so lonely at night..."
Yasuko: "Settle into my arms, Kaori... I can't stand nights without you, either."
Yasuko: "Oh, Senpai, if only time would just stop!"
Nagisa: "...W-Wait, Yamanouchi, what are you doing?!"
Yasuko: "Hm? Oh, you were just huggin' real tight, so I decided to dub it a bit..."
Yasuko: "Wahaha! I'm just here gettin' way too excited before the night shift!"
...Yamanouchi really is a bit strange. Probably.
Hatsumi: "...The night shifters are here, so I'd like to start evening reports..."
As Senpai and Yamanouchi busily work in the nurses station, I'm studying with the Chief, books open. I'd just finished up my reports, and since it's night shift hours, I don't actually have any work, but...I still feel obligated to help out. Oh, the nurse call is ringing...!
Nagisa: "Hello, what seems to be the problem?"
Whoa, Senpai is on the nurse call while preparing tomorrow's blood tests!
Nagisa: "All right, I'll be right there!"
Wow, she looks so busy... Shouldn't I...help with something...?
Hatsumi: "Now, since the body loses red blood cells, symptoms of anemia... Sawai? Are you listening?"
Kaori: "Hwah?! O-Oh, sorry!"
When I jolt my eyes back to her and apologize, the Chief just looks at me in exasperation.
Yasuko: "Ah, say, Chief?"
Yamanouchi calls out to the Chief as she pushes a small cart with hesitation in her voice.
Yasuko: "This is quite hard to say, but I think we'd all appreciate it if you did that studying in your dorm."
Hatsumi: "O-Oh, right you are. Sorry for not picking up on that."
The Chief hurries to her feet.
Yasuko: "Anyway, sorry, newbie. You'll have to continue yer tryst at the Chief's room, yeah?"
Yamanouchi smirks at me.
Kaori: "Wh-What do you mean ‘tryst’?"
Yasuko: "And don't worry, I'll keep it a secret from your beloved Senpai!"
Kaori: "A-Ahh! That's not what's going on!"
Hatsumi: "Enough frolicking, you two! There's no time! We're leaving, Sawai!"
Ultimately, I end up going to the Chief's room to study. What I saw of the Chief's room left a rather strong impression, so I thought about studying in my room, but......all I have there are the textbooks I used in school. If we're talking about expansiveness of personal libraries, the Chief's room has mine beat there. I mean, it would be a pain to constantly go to her room to borrow books, anyway.
Hatsumi: "Sorry about last time. I've cleaned up a little since then."
Now, she speaks those anticipation-inducing words as she opens her door, but...
Kaori: "...Umm..."
Hatsumi: "Hm? Go right ahead?"
...She cleaned up a little...? Er...where? The room is as packed with layers of papers and clothes as it was last time.
Hatsumi: "Is something the matter? Go ahead, sit wherever you'd like."
Wherever I'd...like...?
Kaori: "Um...there's...nowhere to sit..."
Hatsumi: "Oh, you can just move some books out of the way wherever."
...Wh-Wherever...?
Kaori: "U-Um...Chief? Where...exactly did you clean up...?"
Hatsumi: "Er...around the phone?"
...That's where I cleaned up last time.
Hatsumi: "Anyway, go ahead and sit down. We've got studying to do, don't we?"
...But I'll be too distracted to study at this rate... What should I do...? I can clean up, but I do want the Chief to help out this time...
Kaori: "U-Um, Chief...?"
Hatsumi: "Yes? What is it?"
How about I clean up as thanks? We can't do anything unless this room gets cleaned.
Kaori: "It might sound strange to frame this as thanks, but...want me to clean up your room?"
Hatsumi: "Is it really that...? I guess...it is..."
Wait, she's self aware?
Hatsumi: "I know it would be best to clean up regularly, but when I think about how I won't die or anything from not cleaning, it just feels like such a pain..."
Kaori: "A...a pain? Y-You should really clean up!"
Hatsumi: "But I have a lot of other things to do. When you can either do work or house chores, wouldn't you prioritize work?"
Kaori: "Well, you have a point there, but...ahh, we don't have time to talk like this!"
I quickly bind up some nearby papers.
Kaori: "I'll split everything into paper, books, clothes, and other stuff, so please divide all that into what you need and don't need!"
Hatsumi: "But...I'd feel quite guilty, making you work after-hours like this..."
Kaori: "This isn't actually work."
I smile at the Chief as I pick up the books that had collapsed under a pile of paper, one by one.
Kaori: "You've helped me so much, Chief, that I really want to pay you back. And besides..."
Hatsumi: "Besides?"
Kaori: "You're helping me study after-hours, aren't you? So that makes us even."
The Chief's eyes go wide......and she puts on a soft smile.
Hatsumi: "...You're right."
That gentle smile lightens my heart.
Kaori: "Well, let's get this place cleaned up right away!"
Hatsumi: "Let's!"
Kaori: "Um...we can't really do anything like this, can we...?"
Hatsumi: "Oh, I wouldn't say that. I don't have any problems living in this room."
Kaori: "Really...? But, I don't think I could handle it."
Hatsumi: "Why not?"
Kaori: "I mean, it feels like cockroaches or something would crawl out at you..."
Hatsumi: "There aren't any cockroaches! They don't show up unless you leave out food or crumbs!"
Hatsumi: "There's no food in my room -- it's just messy, so there aren't going to be any cockroaches!"
So she says, but......that's still nothing to be proud of!
Kaori: "But...after knowing that there's a room like this in the same building, I'm a little..."
Hatsumi: "A little...what?"
Is the Chief...mad at me? Did I go too far?
Kaori: "O-Oh, er...well, I'll start cleaning!"
Hatsumi: "You really don't have to! I didn't ask you to clean up!"
Kaori: "I don't mind at all, really! I'm doing it because I want to!"
How much time has passed since I started cleaning? When I look out the window, I notice it's already light out...
Kaori: "Chief..."
Hatsumi: "Yes? Do you need something?"
Kaori: "...It's morning."
Hatsumi: "Wait, what?!"
The Chief throws the window open and takes a look outside....You don't actually have to open the window. The brightness should be enough...
Hatsumi: "I-I'm so sorry! I can't believe I made you stay up all night on top of having you help clean my room...!"
Kaori: "Oh, don't worry about it. Now I'll have a much easier time coming to study in your room!"
Hatsumi: "But, you have work today..."
She's interrupted by the loud sound of a stomach growling. It could have been mine, and it could have been hers. We exchange looks and burst out laughing almost at the same time.
Hatsumi: "You sure must be hungry!"
Kaori: "And you, too!"
That's when I remember that I hadn't actually had dinner, either.
Hatsumi: "I'm sorry, let me find you something to eat... I think I had something around...ah!"
After rooting around in a corner of the kitchen, the Chief freezes.
Kaori: "What happ--"
Hatsumi: "Stay away, Sawai! Don't look over here!"
To my surprise, the Chief sounds a bit panicked. But unfortunately for her, I saw it.
Kaori: "Chief...let's just throw that away."
Hatsumi: "But this is delicious bread from a bakery with a mascot designed by the creator of everyone's favorite Anpan character!"
Kaori: "Wh-Why are you in explanation mode all of a sudden?!"
Kaori: "No matter how delicious bread is, you can't eat it if it gets all moldy!"
I snatch the box of moldy bread from the Chief's hands.
Kaori: "This is going into the trash! One-way road to the incinerator! Sayonara!"
Hatsumi: "Ahh...my bread...my poor Konoden no Chi bread..."
Kaori: "You can just buy more of it."
Hatsumi: "There are no bakeries I like in Yurigahama..."
Kaori: "Then next time I go Kanakura, I'll look for some tasty bread for you! I'll even go to that Kono-whatever store of yours!"
Hatsumi: "...Really?"
Kaori: "I know it! But when I do, please remember to eat it before the expiration date!"
The Chief starts to squirm about bashfully.
Hatsumi: "...But isn't it kind of a waste to eat something tasty all at once?"
...Wait, is that the problem?
Hatsumi: "It's the same with books, too. It's a bit of a waste to read a good one all at once, right? So don't we all stop reading halfway?"
Excuse me? That is...not something I expected to hear from the Chief.
Kaori: "You don't read books to the end?"
Hatsumi: "...Well, if you finish a book, you won't have any reason to read it anymore..."
...... Th-That's a pretty strange reason...
Hatsumi: "But you know, there are plenty of books in the world...and there's a lot of great ones, so my backlog just keeps on growing."
Er. Does she just keep a stock of books in her backlog and feel like she's read them...? Or does she feel satisfied just having bought them, and leaves them in these piles...? I look around the room. There's plenty of books here. I have no idea how many books I excavated in today's cleaning session alone.
Kaori: "Er...Chief, did your growing backlog...end up making your room like this?"
Hatsumi: "......"
She nods, embarrassedly.
Kaori: "Th-Then what about these piles of documents and ads?!"
Hatsumi: "...I mean to get around to reading them..."
Kaori: "Then what about this pile of wrinkly clothes?!"
Hatsumi: "I mean to get around to hanging them up..."
Kaori: "......"
Hatsumi: "...I'm sorry..."
I can't really put it into words too well, but... It feels like this room was kind of destined to be messy...
Kaori: "Chief."
Hatsumi: "Yes?"
I take a deep breath of the pleasant morning air pouring in from the open window.
Kaori: "No more getting around to things!"
Hatsumi: "R-Really?"
====================scr00311.kgo====================
_RE
Yasuko: "Hey, hey, ‘bout that underwear conversation we were havin’ the other day..."
When I'm relaxing in the break room, Yamanouchi comes up and whispers into my ear.
Kaori: "Hm?"
Yasuko: "I'm talkin' ‘bout when you said you took a peek of the Chief’s panties."
Kaori: "Wh...d-don't talk like I'm some Peeping Tomoko! And besides, I didn't take a peek at anything -- I just happened to see them, that's all."
Yasuko: "Sounds th' same to me."
Kaori: "It's totally different!"
Yasuko: "Well, whatever. So about the Chief's panties that ya happened to see..."
I'm not too satisfied with how that exchange ended, but...I'll let it slide.
Kaori: "What about the Chief's underwear?"
Yasuko: "Ah, I was just thinkin' that if it was the color ya said it was, it might show through her white uniform, y'know?"
When she says that, I find myself remembering the Chief in her underwear against my better judgement. My face quickly heats up.
Kaori: "T-True..."
Yamanouchi turns to me with a serious look.
Yasuko: "But no one's seen ‘em showin’ up through her uniform before."
Kaori: "Yeah, you're right..."
Yasuko: "So I came up with a few theories on why."
Kaori: "Theories?"
Yasuko: "You can't really see most of our coworkers' underwear through their uniform, so I'm thinkin' about what her way of dealin' with it is."
Yamanouchi holds up one of her fingers, as if she's starting to count.
Yasuko: "The first theory is that she's got on white ones, like Sawai."
Kaori: "They're NOT up to my belly button!"
Yasuko: "...I'm kinda surprised yer the type to hold grudges."
Kaori: "Well, you kept saying they were up to my belly button..."
Yasuko: "Ah, let's shelve that ‘n move onto theory number two. She could be wearin’ a thong, like we talked about last time."
Yasuko: "But at this stage, we're still talkin' about things that don't show that much -- not things that don't show at all."
Kaori: "Yeah, you're right..."
Yasuko: "So even if she's got one of those sexy, open-back types, you'd still see the pantyline underneath."
I just agree with whatever she says. I don't actually have that much of a grasp of underwear types, so I'm barely listening to begin with.
Yasuko: "So that right led me to theory three, and it's a real humdinger: She takes off her underwear when she puts on her uniform."
Kaori: "Wait, WHAT?! N-No way, there's just no way!"
Yasuko: "Hey, ya never know. Accordin' to my own personal investigations, the Chief and Fujisawa wear some surprisingly colorful underwear."
Kaori: "Wh-Where'd you find that out?"
Yasuko: "I wanna see from my top secret information network...but it was just the dorm laundry room. Took a glimpse of stuff gettin' washed."
Kaori: "Ohh, I see! W-Wait, isn't that peep--"
Yasuko: "Let's not get all anal about things! Besides, it was just research t' back up my theories."
Kaori: "Besides, who cares about these theories, anyway...?"
Yasuko: "Wh...Sawai, ya just don't get it! We're talkin' about pretty, prim ‘n proper nurses, and the panties they're hidin’ under their whites!"
Yasuko: "It's every boy's eternal dream, every boy's endless fantasy!"
Kaori: "R-Right..."
I feel like saying "but you're a woman"
won't really get me anywhere...
Yasuko: "If I find the truth and draw it even more realistically... Oh, the wonders it'll do for my manga, I do declare...!"
Kaori: "A-Are you okay?"
Yasuko: "In any case, I gotta find the secrets of what's hidden under that uniform."
Kaori: "S-Sure..."
Yamanouchi looks at me with a smirk.
Yasuko: "So, Sawai. You'll be helpin' me, right?"
Kaori: "Wait, me?"
Yasuko: "Now don't worry, I won't have ya doin' anything crazy. Put yer dukes down. I just need ya to stand right here a sec."
I stand in front of the break room door, as Yamanouchi says.
Yasuko: "So, can ya give Fujisawa a call?"
Kaori: "You want me to call Senpai?"
Is she going to bring Senpai into the conversation?
Kaori: "Senpaiii."
Senpai turns around when I call out to her.
Nagisa: "Sawai? What's the matter?"
Senpai walks over, and the moment she steps into the break room...
Yasuko: "Think fast, Fujisawa!"
Nagisa: "Wh, ahhhhh?!"
Oh my god! Yamanouchi flipped up Senpai's skirt!
Nagisa: "Wh-What are you doing?!"
Yasuko: "Tch. A long camisole. Knew it."
Nagisa: "Wh...wh..."
Senpai drops to the floor as she pushes down her skirt, looking up at Yamanouchi with a pure red face.
Yasuko: "Well, that's pretty much what I expected. That camisole was sloshin' around with yer laundry and all."
Kaori: "Why did you go and look if you already knew what you were going to see?"
Yasuko: "When you're after the omelet o' truth, ya gotta break a few eggs."
Nagisa: "Wh-What are you talking about?!"
As Senpai roars with her face beet red, Yamanouchi laughs and explains......but for a while after that, I end up on the receiving end of Senpai's resentful glares.
====================scr00312.kgo====================
Nagisa: "Sawai, you done yet? I'm going to have to go on ahead..."
Kaori: "Ahh, w-waiiit!"
Nagisa: "There's no more time! if I hang back any longer, I'm going to be late, too! Good luck!"
Kaori: "Uwahhh! Senpai, that's so cold!"
Nagisa: "Don't stop changing while you complain! Come on, hurry!"
Senpai hurries me, so I put on my clothes as quickly as I can, but I hurry too much and catch my stocking on my leg. Ahhh, there's a run in this expensive stocking Senpai recommended to me...! Argh, why am I so slow getting back to work after a day off?! I'm so dumb! Pressure exudes from Senpai as she stares at the clock, making me hurry even more. After I get all changed through my tears, we both hurry out of the room. Examination time hasn't even started yet, but the lobby is already crowded, with the sofas nearly full. Whoa, there are just so many patients today! The outpatient nurses sure are going to be busy... I hope our ward is quiet today. After looking around a bit, right when I'm about to head towards the stairs, I notice something in the corner of my eye...
Kaori: "W-Wait...?"
I see a very familiar frame... But that's someone who...shouldn't be here, right?
Nagisa: "What's up?"
Kaori: "Oh, um...that patient over there..."
Senpai looks over where I'm looking. The person notices us and gives us an energetic wave and a smile.
Ami: "Kaorin! Nagi, too!"
Kaori: "A-A-A-Ami?!"
Ami enthusiastically waves at us, wearing the same pajamas all the patients here do. Wait...does that mean...
Ami: "Eheh, I'm back in the hospital!"
When she bashfully laughs that off, I find myself dashing up to her.
Kaori: "B-B-But why...?!"
Ami: "I ended up making the nephrotic syndrome I always had worse..."
Her smile isn't one you'd expect on someone who was ill.
Nagisa: "And coming back to the hospital isn't anything to ‘eheh' over. Hmph, and you’d just gotten back to school, too..."
Senpai scolds Ami as she pokes her on the forehead. If it were me, she would definitely have given me the flick, but she's sparing Ami.
Ami: "Ehehe, I guess you could say I'm more at home here?"
Ami's laughing it up, but when I look closer, I get the feeling that her face is a little rounder than it was when she left the hospital. Nephoric syndrome...it's a kidney disease, if I remember right. The protein and minerals that are supposed to be absorbed again into the kidney get left out, and the blood's osmotic pressure makes water build up in the body, causing swelling. The extra water increases your weight and makes you look rounder. That must be really awful for a girl...
Nagisa: "Well, Ami, since you're here, I guess it's up to us to take care of you again."
Ami: "Ahaha, totally looking forward to it!"
Ami politely bows her head.
Ami: "But I bet you totally missed me, didn't you?"
Nagisa: "......"
Oh, Senpai's puffed up and mad. And the next moment. Senpai's right hand moves to Ami's forehead with the speed of light...! FLICK!
Ami: "Owie!"
Nagisa: "Say something that dumb again and you're getting another one."
Ami: "Eep, Kaorin, protect me from Nagi!"
As Ami plays around with all the energy in the world, I can't sense a hint of worry or pain over returning to the hospital from her.
Kaori: "Judging from your pajamas, you're already admitted, right? You'd be in the internal medicine ward?"
Ami: "Yeah. I came in through the ER last night, and I'm in room 306 again."
Kaori: "Ohhh..."
Ami: "I know it's nothing to be happy about, but it feels kinda like I'm back home? So I'm not really worried."
Since Ami keeps coming in and out of the hospital, the room probably feels like a second home to her.
Ami: "Oh, whoops, I've got to go back! I'm just out on a quick walk after breakfast, so I'd better be back before I get scolded!"
Ami's statement reminds me to check the clock.
Kaori: "Eep! Senpai, look at the time!"
Nagisa: "Ahhh! Sawai, you just had to drag your heels!"
Kaori: "Don't worry, we can still make it!"
Nagisa: "We're going to have to run! See you later, Ami!"
Ami: "See you guys later! Bye!"
Leaving Ami waving behind us, Senpai and I dash as fast as we can to the nurses station on the third floor. Because we burst into the room completely out of breath, predictably waiting for us is...
Hatsumi: "...How many times do I have to tell you two before it sticks?"
Hatsumi: "The beginning of the shift isn't the time you get to the nurses station. "
Hatsumi: "It's the time you start work after having changed and finished all of your work preparations so that you can begin without obstruction."
Hatsumi: "You can't calm down if you dash into the station, and worst of all, it worries the patients. Try to get to work a bit more ahead of time."
Nagisa: "...I-I'm sorry."
Kaori: "S-Sorry..."
Hatsumi: "Now that everyone is here, we'll begin morning reports. Last night, Ami Asada, a patient who's previously been in this hospital, was re-admitted. She's in room 306."
Hatsumi: "Though her symptoms have not dramatically worsened, she will require observation for the time being. I'd like her to be checked on often."
I remember Ami's cheerful smile as I take notes. Being re-admitted isn't easy, but Ami's very popular on this floor, and I'm sure the kids in 306 will be happy to see her. A nurse probably has no right to say this, but I'm happy that I got to see Ami again. The cheerfulness she shows through the pain of living in a hospital has to have a big influence on the other patients. I think with Ami around, things will be a lot brighter around here. But....It's not really like that. Coming in and out of the hospital means that she won't be able to keep going to school. Her classmates will keep going ahead of her, her teachers will have to accommodate for her, and the stress of being taken out of her daily life will come back as fear when she's back at school. She doesn't know when she'll be out of the hospital, and she really can't know when she'll truly be healthy. Long term treatment is like being in a long, dark tunnel with no visible exit, full of pain and worry. Ami can't practice the instrument she loves so much, and that has to take its toll in stress. As I listen to the night shift nurses give their reports, I continue trying to imagine how Ami feels...
====================scr00313.kgo====================
I thought I'd gotten used to Miss Sakai's acid tongue, but...
Sayuri: "I can't believe you can't even reapply an IV syringe properly. Are you really a nurse?"
Urgh...I know it must hurt for her when I messed up putting the needle in, and anyone would want to throw out an insult at that point. But my mind is at its limit. Her barbed words are so painful that I feel that I'm going to break down. Miss Sakai is afflicted with aplastic anemia. Put simply, her lack of red blood cells means she falls prey to anemia, her lack of white blood cells makes her vulnerable to infections, and her lack of platelets makes her bleed for much longer. Since she might not stop bleeding if we replace her IV needle every morning and night like the other patients, she needs to be kept in continuous infusion. But if the IV actually leaks, the needle needs to be replaced......and the Chief told me that Miss Sakai's IV is difficult to deal with, so I should call for a veteran if I needed help with it. But...
Sayuri: "Could you call a real nurse, instead?"
Kaori: "I-I'm sorry..."
I stand up and drag myself back to the nurses station....I hope there's someone there who can replace Miss Sakai's IV needle...
Sayuri: "I can't believe this. She hasn't studied, her skills are a joke... Why am I stuck with...?"
Ahh, I'm going to cry...! Senpai was in the nurses station, so I fought through tears to ask for her help, but...
Nagisa: "Allow me to express my deepest apologies for my coworker's failure in setting up your..."
Sayuri: "I don't care about your formalities. Could you please just give me my injection?"
Wow, it looks like I'm not the only one Miss Sakai is brutal to...
Nagisa: "R-Right..."
Oh, Senpai's got a bit of a frown on her face.
Sayuri: "...Say, you're this useless nurse's preceptor, aren't you? What have you been teaching her, anyway?"
The hostility is all too clear in her words. Even Senpai can't let that slide.
Nagisa: "I don't think you, a patient, are in any place to decide whether she's useless or not."
Miss Sakai's mouth twists into a smile and a laugh at that.
Sayuri: "Is that so? Because the fact that she's far weaker in knowledge and technique than me, a patient, seems to be more than enough reason to decide that she's a useless nurse."
Guh! She hits right where it hurts, and I'm so disgusted with myself that I can't say anything back. And it looks like Senpai can't say anything back to her, either. She glances at me, though, and challenges her anyway.
Nagisa: "W-Well, that may be the case, but Sawai's still new! She's still studying! And it's a fact that you're just a patient here!"
When Senpai roars that, Miss Sakai's eyes waiver just a little. At least, I think they did.
Sayuri: "...Right you are."
M-Miss Sakai? After lowering her head for a bit, Miss Sakai looks up at Senpai with sharp eyes.
Sayuri: "But even so, I see that you won't deny that your preceptee has less nursing knowledge than I do."
Sayuri: "If you can't deny that her knowledge and skill is low level, should I take that to mean you acknowledge her nursing is weak?"
Nagisa: "W-Well..."
A painful tension engulfs the room. Senpai and Miss Sakai are glaring at each other....Um, what about the IV...? I want to say that, but time passes by as the tense air paralyzes me. The silence is shattered by a knock at the door. The sound provides a sweet relief.
Sayuri: "Come in."
Hatsumi: "...Did you manage to get your IV reapplied?"
Ch-Chief?! Oh, I did pass her by in front of the nurses station... I wonder if she worried and came to check up on me?
Sayuri: "Not yet. This person came because performing a proper injection was beyond my assigned nurse, but it's been nothing but chatter since then."
Nagisa: "Wh...?!"
Miss Sakai isn't wrong, but it's really easy to misunderstand what she said.
Hatsumi: "......"
Ahh! The Chief let out a massive sigh, and now she's looking at us! Wahh! Y-You've got it all wrong! The Chief leans over Miss Sakai's bedside and bows her head a little.
Hatsumi: "I am truly sorry about that. I'll reapply your needle right away..."
As she speaks, the Chief takes the needle... H-Huh? She already has the tape in her hands? What? She stands up and fiddles with the clamp to adjust the drip speed, and...w-wait, the needle's already in?!
Hatsumi: "Miss Sakai's blood vessels were thin to begin with, and her illness has made their walls more fragile. When you need to reapply the needle, call Yamanouchi or myself."
Kaori: "Y-Yes ma'am!"
Hatsumi: "Now then, I'll be off."
We stare at the door in blank surprise for a few seconds after the Chief leaves.
Sayuri: "...Well, I'm glad someone here can do their job. That was like night and day."
Her words sting deep.
Nagisa: "I think it's more than a little ridiculous to compare a brand new nurse with a veteran with a title."
Sayuri: "You're exactly right. And don't mind me, I'm just saying they don't even compare -- they're on completely different vectors."
She speaks so coldly. Senpai is looking at Miss Sakai with a frown. I scramble to get between them.
Kaori: "S-Senpai! I'll take care of the rest, so just leave this to me!"
Senpai nods reluctantly, but she looks like she still had things she wanted to say.
Nagisa: "You will? All right, I'll leave it to you, then."
Kaori: "Thanks!"
As I stanch where I'd botched my injection on Miss Sakai's arm, I check in with her.
Kaori: "...Does it hurt...?"
Sayuri: "......"
Urgh...are you just going to ignore me? Even when I finish stanching the blood, she refuses to say anything to me. Hm? Sounds like some people are having an awful lot of fun nearby... The voices are coming from room 306. Let me take a peek...
Yasuko: "Wait, why?! Why would ya even go there?!"
Hwah?
Ami: "But, like, this is all like this, right? So you'd want to go here, like...huh?"
Wait, what's all this commotion?
Ami: "Okay, I'll stop here and go...ahhh! Oh no! No, not there! Ahhh!"
?! A-Ami, what are you doing?!
Yasuko: "Whoa, whoa, whoa!"
Ami: "B-But, I can still...ahhh! I can't...!"
Yasuko: "Ahh, you gone and done it! Too bad, but Yamanouchi takes another win!"
Ami: "Wahh! I can't believe I lost!"
The children are raising a fuss around an unused bedside table that had been rolled out into the middle of the room. There's plenty of wooden blocks on and around the table... Thin, long blocks, made for stacking. The game is one where you stack up a tower three rows wide, then each player takes turns pulling out a single block.
Kaori: "...I was wondering what was going on here..."
Kohaku: "Oh, you're that nurse!"
Kohaku notices that I'm standing in the doorway, so she smiles and waves.
Yasuko: "Oh? Has a new challenger arrived?"
Kaori: "Challenger...?"
Kohaku runs up to me and pulls me by hand into the ring.
Ami: "Ahh, Kaorin! Please, avenge me!"
Yasuko: "Wahaha, do you truly think THE Yamanouchi would lose to a mere newbie?!"
Yamanouchi makes herself sound as villainous as she can.
Yasuko: "Well, since we have our ward's promising rookie in the ring, it's time for a battle!"
Kaori: "W-Wait, what?! Hang on a second, this is really sudden...!"
Yasuko: "Battles're sudden things. That's life, y'know."
She cleanly organizes the scattered blocks into a long box and turns it upside down. Then, out from the box pops a wooden tower.
Yasuko: "All right, beginner's handicap. I'll let ya go first, so go ahead, pull one out."
Urgh...with everyone's eyes on me, there's no way I can refuse... So, if I remember right, you want to take the blocks out one by one while making sure the tower doesn't collapse on you, right? I gently take out the first block.
Yasuko: "Don't fall behind, we're gonna keep goin'!"
Yasuko pulls out a piece with no hesitation, and I pull out mine with similar swiftness. Eventually, the tower starts to groan under its missing parts and shake at the smallest push. It looks like it will collapse any moment now.
Kaori: "Hmm...if I go here like this, this should..."
I carefully consider my options as I grip a block. I hold my breath so my hand won't tremble and cautiously, cautiously...
Yasuko: "Wah!"
Kaori: "Uwah?!"
Huh?!
Yasuko: "Hahaha! Ya like discipline, newbie! Yer too easily shook!"
Wait, is that even allowed?! But, well, everyone's laughing.
Ami: "Ahh, Kaorin lost! I can't believe it!"
Kohaku: "Don't worry about it, Miss!"
That cheerful, childlike smile... This pleasant, upbeat air......You know, I think I like this. It's really important to have time for everyone to forget about their illnesses, even if it's just for a little while.
Sayuri: "......"
Huh? I glance over at the entrance to see that Miss Sakai's peering into the room. I'm sure she's back on her way from the bathroom, or something.
Ami: "Ohh! It's Sayurin! Hey, wanna play with us?"
Sayuri: "...S-Sayurin...?"
Miss Sakai looks at Ami with confused eyes. I wonder if she doesn't like Ami's nickname for her much? Miss Sakai shakes her head and starts to leave, but...
Yasuko: "Awright, a new challenger!"
Sayuri: "H-Hey?!"
She can't avoid Yamanouchi's arms, and the nurse carries her into the room. She looks a little embarrassed, but...maybe she's just being bashful.
Kohaku: "Do your best, Miss! You gotta avenge all of us!"
Kohaku tugs at Miss Sakai's pajama sleeve with a shining, innocent smile.
Sayuri: "A-Avenge...?"
Ami: "Not one of us can beat Yamachon, so...please! You gotta beat her!"
Kohaku: "Please!"
Kohaku bows her head. A grin comes over my face when I see that adorable motion, and I take a look at Miss Sakai....She's looking at Kohaku with rather gentle eyes...
Sayuri: "If you only need me for this one game...I'll beat that nurse for you."
W-Wait, no way! She's the last person I'd expect to play this game!
Yasuko: "Heh, now that sounds like a declaration of war if I ever heard one! All right, you're on!"
Yamanouchi builds up the block tower again. The two women glare at each other from either side of the table. The two wordlessly pull parts from the tower. And we, the crowd, watch them with baited breath. How much time had passed? The tower could not be further from its original shape, and the match will be over the second the bedside table shakes even a little.
Yasuko: "Yer not half bad."
Sayuri: "Same to you."
Miss Sakai slips a block out of the tower. It lurches, but somehow manages to keep its balance and not collapse.
Sayuri: "If you look at the whole and see where the tower's center of gravity is, it's not that difficult of a game."
She giggles.
Yasuko: "Yer logic and calculations are all well ‘n good, but I've got intuition and experience built over years. And that intuition's tellin’ me..."
Yasuko: "...that this is my next block!"
Kaori: "Eeep?!"
The tower collapses with a dramatic noise. Cheers erupt from all over the room. The scene: Miss Sakai, with a proud, victorious face, looking down on a fallen Yamanouchi.
Kohaku: "You did it, Miss! That was awesome! You're super awesome!"
Komu: "Whoa! And we all lost! That's amazin'!"
Sayuri: "It's nothing to go wild over."
Even so, her face has softened up. She's trying to look neutral and unaffected, but her joy is slipping through...
Yasuko: "I...I can't right believe this...! How could I lose?!"
Sayuri: "Your strategy wasn't bad at all, but I do think your impatience led to your defeat."
Yasuko: "Why you gotta be all arrogant all of a sudden?! Ahh, I can't go out on a loss! C'mon, let's go again! I'm getting my revenge!"
Sayuri: "Oh, gladly."
Excitement engulfs room 306. That's when I notice that the Chief is standing at the entrance. Whoa, she's probably going to yell at all of us...! She couldn't have chosen a worse time to appear! However, the Chief puts her finger to her lips.
Hatsumi: "Shhh."
Wait, she's...not mad? And, surprisingly, she's actually smiling... I pop out of the ring of kids eagerly watching the match and stand next to the Chief.
Hatsumi: "Miss Sakai's coming along nicely, isn't she?"
Kaori: "Huh?"
She watches the excited kids with gentle eyes.
Hatsumi: "It looks like Miss Sakai has really gotten used to this hospital."
I turn back to the kids at play. Yamanouchi is going into the match with deadly resolve, and the kids are cheering on Miss Sakai as she takes her on. She has a stiff expression on, but she also looks like she's enjoying herself -- and that can't be just my imagination.
Yasuko: "This is like this, so it'd end up like this, right? So if I go like this... Heh, I ain't losin' this time!"
Sayuri: "Bring your best."
Komu: "Knock her out again!"
Kohaku: "Do your best!"
The kids, Miss Sakai, and Yamanouchi. Everyone looks like they're having the time of their lives. That fun brushes off on the Chief and myself, too, and I find myself feeling really happy. The frustration I felt coming out of Miss Sakai's room is now gone. I bet she feels the same way, too. Times like these...aren't half bad. Everyone's having fun and getting along really well. And this fun has to be good medicine, too! I want everyone to be able to smile all the time, and I want to be able to make them smile, myself. That's the kind of nurse I've got to become!
====================scr00314.kgo====================
Work is over, and I end up having dinner with Senpai in my room....But the reality is, we've already started drinking, and there are already two empty beer cans on the ground. Having a little girl talk sounds good on the surface, but...
Nagisa: "And like, this tastes REAL bad. And I mean RRREAAAL bad. Hey, Sawai, you listening?!"
Kaori: "I'm listening, Senpai. Er, we were talking about how diabetic patients' meals aren't very good, right?"
Nagisa: "Yeah, exactly. But like, no one can do anything about that. And we can't just tell ‘em not to eat a thing because they got high blood sugar, so we're doin’ our best!"
Nagisa: "But that's no reason for him to tell ME to eat his stuff! Why do I have to eat the price you're paying for your unhealthy living?!"
Seeming to have remembered that experience, Senpai sticks out her tongue with the strangest expression....I'll take that to mean it didn't taste too good.
Kaori: "Well, it's supposed to be low sodium, and there's calorie restrictions on it, too... W-Wait, you ate the patient's food?!"
Nagisa: "Well, the guy shoved it in front of me and went ‘how about you eat it?' And you can't just turn him down, right? He’d just accuse us of giving him inedible food, or something."
Kaori: "Good point there. But isn't it...bad to eat a patient's food?"
Nagisa: "Yeah, it WAS bad. It tasted awful!"
Kaori: "No, I meant that the Chief would probably get mad if she found out..."
Nagisa: "Then just tell her to eat it herself! Because our diabetic menu is REALLY bad!"
Kaori: "Well, yeah, that's true."
Senpai seems to have remembered the anger she felt and keeps heating up.
Nagisa: "And you know, way too many patients in our ward ask for way too much!"
Kaori: "Oh, I hear that a lot. I think people are going to ask for more if they end up staying in the hospital for a long time, though."
Nagisa: "But even if we could give them what they wanted, that's no reason to take it out on us!"
Kaori: "Yeah. And when it comes to the kids, the ones with restrictions and stuff seem especially out of their minds with boredom."
Nagisa: "I play with them sometimes, but they've got way too much energy from being cooped up all day. They're such a handful!"
Kaori: "Yeah. They can't go to school, can't see their friends, and they're probably worried about falling behind in their studies."
Nagisa: "And the boys do nothing but play tricks!"
Kaori: "Yeah, they really do that a lot..."
I did have my skirt flipped that one time... Just remembering it makes my face hot with embarrassment.
Nagisa: "Well, I got to see Sawai's cute panties out of that, though!"
Kaori: "Seeeenpaiiii!"
Nagisa: "Ahaha, I'm kidding, I'm kidding! So, hey, how're things lately? Gotten used to the job?"
I purse my lips after being teased. I can't even tell if Senpai's drunk or not.
Kaori: "I've really sunk into the job, thanks to having you around. But...there's still a lot I'm worried about, so I think I've got a long way until I can be on my own..."
Kaori: "Oh! There's this patient who always avoids getting injections from me because he says I'm really bad at giving shots, but just yesterday, he quietly held his arm out for me!"
Nagisa: "Wow! Does that mean he acknowledged you?"
Kaori: "Well, he did say it really hurt afterwards."
Kaori: "But he also said he wanted me to do it again next time! That's a big step forward, right?!"
Nagisa: "Yep, progress is progress! I think you can count that as him accepting you. That's great!"
Kaori: "Yayyy!"
Nagisa: "My, aren't we being innocent! But don't think you can rest on your laurels after just one success. Patients get nervous rather easily."
Kaori: "Right! But I'm just so happy..."
She puts her hand on my head.
Nagisa: "Yeah, that's the spirit! You know, that brings me back..."
Kaori: "Is it a memory from ages long past?"
Nagisa: "Yeah, it was back during the days of the Russo-Japanese War..."
Nagisa: "Wait, how old are we pretending I am?! I'm just a year older than you, Sawai!"
Kaori: "Owie! But Senpai, you were playing along really well!"
Senpai has unleashed her dreaded forehead flick! Owie, my forehead's throbbing...
Nagisa: "No teasing your senpai!"
Kaori: "Eep, sorry, sorry!"
Nagisa: "No forgiveness waits for you! I'm gonna punish you for being naughty, Sawai!"
No sooner do the words leave her mouth, she tackles me, pushing me to the ground. Then, she tickles my sides.
Kaori: "Eee! Ahh! I'm sorry, Senpai! Forgive meee!"
Aahh, my sides are my weak point!
Nagisa: "Where's the bad girl who teased her senpai?!"
Kaori: "Ahh! N-Not there...! P-Please forgive me! Hyaahhh!"
She tickles me so badly I can barely breathe as she mounts me so that I can't escape.
Kaori: "Ahaha, ahh! F-Forgive me already! Ahhh! S-Stop, you can't, not there!"
Nagisa: "Heh heh heh...see what happens when you oppose me, Sawai?"
Kaori: "I do, I do! I get it!"
Nagisa: "Then I guess I'll let you off the hook!"
She finally gets off of me. Phew...
Kaori: "*Pant, pant*...S-Senpai..."
Nagisa: "Hmm?"
When Senpai drops her guard with a beer in hand, I tackle her!
Nagisa: "Kyah?!"
Kaori: "*Giggle* Now the tables are turned!"
Nagisa: "S-Sawai, you've got a real scary look..."
Kaori: "It's revenge tickling time!"
Nagisa: "S-Stopppp! Eeep! Aah, ahh! N-Not there! Ahh!"
Nagisa: "S-Sawai, quit it! No more!"
Kaori: "You're ORDERING me?"
Nagisa: "Eep! S-Sawai! K-Kaori, please, forgive me!"
Kaori: "Hahaha, I'll have to think about that..."
Nagisa: "Eep! P-Please, no more...!"
Senpai's screams echo throughout my room. *Giggle*...this actually feels pretty good. I think I grew up a little that night.
====================scr00315.kgo====================
Ami: "Oh! Kaorin!"
When I stop by room 306, Ami calls out to me.
Kaori: "Ami? What's up?"
Ami: "Oh, nothing. I was just wondering if you were busy."
Kaori: "Mmm...I'm not too busy today. I actually don't have that much to do, now that I think about it."
Ami: "...Oh, really...?"
She seems to have zeroed in on the idea of me having free time and is staring at me with shining eyes.
Kaori: "Wh-What's up?"
Ami: "Well, if you're really free, I kind of wanted you to cast your spell on me again."
Kaori: "Spell?"
Ami: "Yeah. Like, remember before, when my leg hurt? You rubbed it a bit and it stopped hurting, right?"
Kaori: "Oohh, that? That wasn't exactly magic, though."
Ami: "But, but, it really stopped hurting! So it's totally magic!"
Ami pouts as she objects. She's adorable.
Kaori: "Hmm...I think it was just an example of the placebo effect, but...do you still want me to do it?"
Ami: "Yeah, I totally do! I can ask you, right? Right? Yay!"
She threw her hands into the air in celebration.
Kaori: "All right, all right, just settle down a little. You don't want to make your nephrotic syndrome get worse, do you?"
Nephrotic syndrome is a kidney disease. The kidneys take damage and can't reabsorb the protein in the blood, so the protein ends up excreted through urine. Since there's less protein in the blood, that leads to swelling, making the patient feel sluggish and pained in a variety of ways. So normally, you want to have the patient stationary and lying down to restrict the blood flow to the kidneys, but Ami isn't in that grievous a condition. I calm down the joyful Ami and sit down next to her on her bed.
Kaori: "So, where does it hurt today?"
Ami: "Erm..."
She sits down on her bed and starts to think, then lets out a sigh.
Ami: "Well, it's not like I hurt anywhere, it's just...why am I so weak? I get out of the hospital, but I end up coming right back..."
Ohh... Ami's not hurting anywhere, she's just really worried about her health...
Ami: "I was wondering that if you cast your spell on me, I might get better. But..."
Ami lets out a quiet sigh.
Ami: "Nowhere in particular hurts. I just get sick in one place after another. Is this just...how it's going to be for me...?"
Kaori: "No way! You'll get better, no doubt!"
Surprised at how loud my encouragement is, I quickly lower my tone.
Kaori: "Diseases might develop faster sometimes when you're young, but your body has way more ability to heal when you're young, too. You'll get better, Ami!"
I hold onto Ami's hand tight.
Kaori: "So, please...don't be so pessimistic, okay?"
I wish for Ami's health as I grasp her small hand.
Kaori: "If you want me to rub it where it hurts, I'll do it for you whenever, all right?"
Ami giggles a little.
Ami: "Thank you, Kaorin."
I feel a lot more relieved when Ami smiles. If my "healing hands"
could help her get better, I would lay them on her as much as she wanted.
Kaori: "Hmm, well, want me to pet you somewhere?"
Ami looks up at me with sparkling eyes when I say that, as if she's waited long for those words.
Ami: "Er, so, I gave it some thought, and like, I can't point to anywhere, and I've got symptoms all over, so..."
Ami: "It might be fastest to just do it all over... W-Would that be okay?"
She looks up at me with pleading eyes. Whoa...h-how could I say no to those eyes?!
Kaori: "A-All over?"
Ami: "Yeah...if you could. I feel like I might...get stronger or heal up, if you rubbed me down?"
I let out a grimace.
Kaori: "I don't really have that kind of power -- it'll probably make you think you feel a bit better, so you can't expect it to cure you, okay?"
Ami: "...Well, like, right, it's not like I think I'll be cured, but more...healed? Like, my mind'll be at ease? So, please..."
Ami, you're way too good at coaxing things out of people! The way she does it is just too cute!
Kaori: "A-All right, all right. So, where should we start?"
Ami: "My head!"
Kaori: "Huh?"
Ami: "Well, don't you think petting people on the head makes them smarter?"
Kaori: "If that was the case, I'd be a real genius around now."
Ami: "Oh, good point..."
Ami droops her shoulders in disappointment, but quickly looks up and waves her hands.
Ami: "Th-That's not what I mean! You're a really good nurse, Kaorin!"
Kaori: "Ahh...Ami, that wasn't exactly what I'd call a nice save..."
Ami: "......"
Kaori: "......"
Ami: "Er...well, I don't think the possibility is absolute zero, so I still want to start with my head!"
Then, much like how a cat would rub its head against a person's leg or hand, she leans over and rubs her head against me. I stroke Ami's head.
Kaori: "Feel good?"
Ami: "Mmm...purrrr. I feel like I'm a cat..."
Kaori: "Oh, Ami!"
Ami: "...Yay, my head feels a little lighter! It feels all clear and stuff!"
Kaori: "Uh, really?"
Ami: "Really! Really really!"
Next, I stroke Ami's neck...
Ami: "Like, I feel this warm power coming out of your hand, and it feels like it's warming up inside me..."
Ami closes her eyes, spellbound, and seems to be savoring the feeling of my hand. Then, suddenly, her eyes shoot open and she jolts up.
Kaori: "Wh-What's wrong?"
Ami: "I just thought of something! It'd probably be way more effective if you made direct contact with my skin, instead of my clothes!"
Kaori: "H-Hwah?"
Ami: "It's time for some science!"
With a big grin, Ami closes the curtains.
Kaori: "Huh? A-Ami? You seriously going to take your clothes off?!"
Ami: "Yeah, I think that'll work way more!"
Kaori: "Y-Your bra, too?!"
Ami: "Oh, should I take off the bottom, too?"
Kaori: "I-I honestly don't think you need to!"
Ami: "Aww, you don't?"
Ami, why do you sound so disappointed?
Kaori: "W-Well, you don't want to catch a cold, right?"
Ami: "Aww...I guess I'll leave them on, then. All right! Go right ahead, Kaorin!"
Kaori: "U-Uh, sure...here goes..."
I touch Ami's skin.
Kaori: "My hand isn't cold, is it...?"
Ami: "No, it's totally fine."
Kaori: "Then..."
I bring my hand down. To a soft bulge...
Kaori: "Wow, this is soft..."
I murmur that, despite myself! Th-That's ridiculously embarrassing!
Ami: "I wonder if my chest'll get bigger with your power, Kaorin?"
Kaori: "If it worked like that, I'd have done it myself."
Ami: "...Mmm, your hand feels so good, Kaorin. It makes me feel all light and fluffy... It's so weird...I think I'll actually get bigger..."
Kaori: "R-Really?"
Ami: "Eheh, that tickles! But it feels kind of good...ahh..."
Kaori: "Then I'll go over to this side, too."
Ami: "Mmm...ahh, I think it's working!"
Kaori: "...Ami, isn't this enough?"
Ami: "No! I wanna be bigger!"
Kaori: "But I think shape's more important than size. And the way they're so smooth and soft and fit so neatly into your hand are all plusses, too, you know?"
Ami: "Hmm...really?"
Kaori: "And if they get too big, they'll just sag later on, you know?"
Ami: "Ahhh!"
Kaori: "All right, moving right along..."
Ami: "Oh, let's go for my belly next! I'm kind of worried about my waist!"
Kaori: "This isn't a beauty salon..."
Ami: "Th-That's not what I mean! Like, my belly's got my stomach and intestines and other important stuff! I want those to get healed, too!"
Kaori: "...I see. I'll go for your belly, then. Want me to rub your back, too?"
Ami: "Yeah... I-If...if my kidneys get better..."
A dark expression takes over the fun look on Ami's face for an instant. I said it without thinking, but since the kidneys are around the back, she remembered her disease. And of course that would make her feel worse. That's why she keeps coming in and out of the hospital...
Ami: "Ahh! Right there! Oh, I hope I get thinner!"
The clouds over her expression only last a moment, and I see a cheerful Ami again right away.
Kaori: "...Ami..."
Ami: "I know, I know...but asking's free, right?"
Kaori: "...Right, right."
Ami: "Ahh, but you know, it feels kinda weird, getting rubbed like this. It's like I want more..."
Kaori: "...Ahh, fine, fine..."
Kaori: "...How about, uh...here?"
Ami: "Eep!"
Kaori: "You're the one who said you wanted more."
Ami: "Y-Yeah, but...eep, that tickles...!"
Kaori: "All right, all done! Next up is your legs!"
Ami: "Over already?!"
Kaori: "All right, legs out."
Ami: "Kaorin, you're no fair!"
Kaori: "No complaining, now. C'mon, legs out."
Ami: "Okay, okay."
I rub Ami's legs, then rub her back to wrap up the massage. But I had to say... Massages are pretty exhausting...
Ami: "Ahh, that felt great! I feel totally healed up!"
Kaori: "...Glad to hear it."
Ami: "Thanks so much, Kaorin!"
Kaori: "You're very welcome. Even if it just helped your mood, resting your mind will help your body get better."
Kaori: "Well, I'll see you later. Make sure you rest up, okay?"
Ami: "Oh, Kaorin!"
Ami stops me when I'm about to leave the room. She whispers to me with a mischievous smile.
Ami: "I'm looking forward to my next full body massage!"
Kaori: "...If you're good."
Ami: "Yay! I can't wait!"
I sigh at her eager reaction and leave the room. It happened on a bed shuttered off by a curtain... I think I did something pretty daring...
Kaori: "......"
Remembering it makes my face heat up a little. I-It's just the same as cleaning a patient, right? Yeah, it's just like wiping one down! I hurry back to the nurses station, hoping my cheeks would cool down soon.
====================scr00316.kgo====================
Yasuko: "Hey, newbie! Room 311's ringin'!"
Urgh... 311...That's Miss Sakai... I wonder what she could want?
Yasuko: "Her IV's about to run out, so you gotta slide in her next bottle, right? Ya got it all prepped and ready?"
Kaori: "O-Oh, yes!"
I guess her IV bottle is about to run out? I hope that's all it is...
Kaori: "Yes, what seems to be problem?"
Sayuri: "My IV is about to run out."
Kaori: "All right, I'll be right over."
Yamanouchi was right... I look for her bottle among the others laid out on the table in the corner of the station. Er...which one is Miss Sakai's...oh! It was set to be swapped out at twelve, but it was a little later than that. I've got to be more careful about the drip speed.
Kaori: "All right, I'll be off!"
Kaori: "Sorry for the wait."
Sayuri: "The bottle was about to run out, so I clamped it myself."
Kaori: "I'm sorry, I'll change the bottle right away."
Sayuri: "...I think it's rather unbecoming as a nurse that you would have a patient do this."
Kaori: "Urgh..."
Miss Sakai is rejecting me with her entire being... But why? If there's a reason, I want to know it. It's not strange to think that, is it?
Kaori: "Um...say, I've been thinking this for a while, but...Miss Sakai, do you hate me?"
Sayuri: "Yes, I hate you."
......! She just came out and said it! Completely directly! She said that on her first day here, but I was really late in getting her, so I thought she was just taking out her frustration and bad mood on me! I've been worried about her attitude since day one, but I was really late in getting to her, so I thought she was just taking out her frustration on me. But even so, you wouldn't say that you hated someone to their face like that.
Kaori: "......"
Urgh...I want to run away, but not yet! I have to find out why Miss Sakai is so cold to me!
Kaori: "But...why? We've only just met, right?"
Sayuri: "You don't need a reason to like someone, and you don't need a reason to hate someone. Sometimes, people just irk you."
...Well, that does happen, but...
Sayuri: "...Heh..."
Sayuri: "You know, since you were brave enough to ask me directly why I hate you, I wouldn't mind letting you know."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Sayuri: "Kaori Sawai... It's good to see you managed to stumble your way to graduating from Tsubomigasaki School of Nursing."
Kaori: "How...?"
How does she know where I graduated from?!
Sayuri: "...Did you not actually look at my medical record? I had to drop out of Tsubomigasaki as soon as I got sick."
Kaori: "That would make you my...underclassman?"
Sayuri: "For now, anyway."
Sayuri: "If I don't get better, I won't be able to go back to school. I won't even know how long I'll live."
Miss Sakai is smiling. With a smile that truly stabs at my heart. She doesn't need to smile, she can just say that it hurts, but...why does she need to be so proud? So mean?
Kaori: "U-Um...can I ask you something?"
Sayuri: "I don't know if I'll want to answer if I don't know what you're going to ask."
Well, yeah, but... She sure is a handful.
Kaori: "Miss Sakai, what made you want to be a nurse?"
Sayuri: "......"
Sayuri: "Are you trying to say that I'm too mean to be a nurse?"
Kaori: "N-No, that's not what I mean at all! Why can't you just take my question at face value? I just want to know about you!"
Sayuri: "......"
Sayuri: "...I think it would be fair for you to tell me about yourself before you ask about me."
...She might have a point. I don't really have anything to hide, so I guess I can talk.
Kaori: "When I was little, I nearly died in a car accident....I don't have any memory of it, though."
Kaori: "Though there is one thing I remember, though faintly... I remember that plenty of people desperately tried to save me from going over to the other side."
Kaori: "I can't remember all the details, but I remember being told to live. Being told that I couldn't die."
Kaori: "To be honest, I'm kind of slow and dim, and sometimes I think I'm not really cut out to be a nurse...embarrassing as that is to say."
Kaori: "But, if there's something I can do, I feel like I can at least fill in as a novice nurse, since the field needs all the hands it can get."
Kaori: "So..."
Sayuri: "A pretty boring reason."
Miss Sakai interrupts me. This is probably just the way she talks. Like a knife in her hands, she hurts who she's talking to in order to protect something inside...
Kaori: "I think it's pretty boring, myself. But...I want to be useful to someone."
Sayuri: "......"
Kaori: "Aren't you the same, Miss Sakai? Don't you want to get out there and work to be useful to someone?"
Sayuri: "So I look like that much of a chump to you, do I? ...Now that's a laugh."
Sayuri: "Huh?"
Sayuri: "You want to be useful to someone? Have you put any thought into this, at all?"
Sayuri: "Do something for someone and that just makes them dependent on you. They lean in on you and devour everything you've got."
Sayuri: "Not giving people something for nothing is true kindness. When people think someone will always be there to help them out, they stop putting in effort on their own."
Sayuri: "People fall pretty easily, don't they? And the charity of others is nothing but poison. Not that I'd expect someone who thinks herself as kind as you do would understand that."
Sayuri: "And I bet the great Miss Sawai helps the pitiable and the sickly just to show off how truly ‘kind and gentle' she really is...don’t you?"
Kaori: "......"
Her words hit hard. I can understand that Miss Sakai hates me through her words and attitude. But does she need to go as far as to deny my ideals? To crush them underfoot like that?  Why does she always twist what people say to her? She was like this when she was first admitted, too. Is it because she's just on guard around me? Then how can I show her that I'm not her enemy? What can I do to take down the walls around her heart? All I can do is say how I really feel. I should keep quiet for now....All I can do is say how I really feel.
Kaori: "So, are you satisfied? Satisfied with twisting someone's ideals and stepping on them?"
Sayuri: "What did you...?!"
Kaori: "I get that you hate me. I get that. But do you have to be so upfront about it? To just throw it out in the open?"
Sayuri: "Wh-What do you know?!"
Kaori: "I don't know anything!"
Sayuri: "!"
Kaori: "...But...it's because I don't know anything that I need to at least reach out to you! That's what I'm trying to say!"
Kaori: "You can hate me if you want. I don't like it, but that's just how you feel. I don't have any right to complain about it."
Kaori: "...But being on the receiving end of your hate like this, without any clear reason...it's awful."
Sayuri: "Hah... So you want me to hide my feelings, for our interactions to be nothing but appearances and formalities? How flowery your world must be!"
Appearances and formalities... I wasn't trying to say that, but she might be right. Ever since coming into this hospital as a new nurse, I've thought that people have accepted me fairly well, but...my presence just might be making trouble for everyone. Am I just not noticing that, mistakenly thinking that I'm being accepted? ...But.
Kaori: "......"
That's fine. If I pretend not to notice, work without starting any trouble, really learn how to do the job and manage to make up for everything...
Kaori: "...Yeah. That's fine. I'd be completely all right with that."
Sayuri: "Excuse me?"
Kaori: "Even if it's just formalities, even if it's all on the surface, it will pay off if I get accepted in the end."
Kaori: "This is probably naïve, but...if I don't make trouble, if I don't cause issues for everyone around me..."
Kaori: "...then I don't care how much I'm made fun of behind my back. If I can make it up to the people I've made trouble with eventually, that's all I need."
Kaori: "And if they say that I've come a long way, that'll make it all worthwhile."
Sayuri: "......"
Sayuri: "...You really are a grade A chump."
Kaori: "Yeah, you may be right."
Right now...Miss Sakai is really on edge, so nothing I say will get through to her. But...I can believe that we'll understand each other one day, right?
Sayuri: "......"
Sayuri: "Say, do you seriously have time to waste chatting in here?"
Kaori: "Yeah...you're right."
Miss Sakai... She's a bit of a difficult patient to deal with, but I hope we get along someday. I wonder if she'll tell me more about herself?
Kaori: "Well...give me a nurse call if you need anything else."
Sayuri: "......"
How can I get her to open her heart? How can I get along better with her? Or...instead of having her do things for me, is there anything I can do for her? Is there anything I can do for her...? 
Sayuri: "You look like you're on the verge of tears, ‘Senpai.’"
Sayuri: "I hate weak people. People who desperately need someone to protect them should just die off."
Sayuri: "And I don't like having people I hate in my sight. If you're done here, could you leave?"
Miss Sakai rejects me... Will I ever be able to open her heart?
Kaori: "Well...if there's anything you need, give me a nurse call, okay?"
Sayuri: "I'd like someone else to come, if possible. A real nurse, ideally."
Kaori: "...Right..."
She genuinely does hate me... This is depressing...
====================scr00317.kgo====================
Work has ended for the day. I take off my uniform and get back into my street clothes, relieved when I do.
Nagisa: "So, what'll you do today?"
Kaori: "...I'm a little hungry..."
Nagisa: "Man, Sawai, you got no charm...the first thing you say, and you're complaining about being hungry?"
Kaori: "Well, what, you're not hungry, Senpai?"
Nagisa: "Hmph, getting all pouty, Sawai? I didn't say I wasn't hungry -- not a word!"
She pinches my nose.
Nagisa: "The way you get mad right away like that is totes adorable."
Kaori: "S-Senpai, you're so mean..."
I look away in a huff, and when I'm about to take a step onto the road... I crumble to the ground.
Kaori: "......"
A...a car just...
Nagisa: "Sawai!"
Did I...almost get hit by that car...?
Nagisa: "Sawai, are you all right?! You're not hurt, are you?!"
Kaori: "I-I'm fine..."
I shudder, hard. I remember the driver's face. Twisted, tense. Surprised....Smiling. Was the driver just now...smiling? Was he...after me...?  "Is it honestly that surprising?   Because you stand out a bit, in quite a few ways."
         "You didn't even know how much you stood out?          ...Hah, what a laugh."
       "I hate people like you.         I really do."
...Did that driver find out about me somewhere, and try to run me over on purpose...? ...Am I going to be killed...?
Nagisa: "...But wow, that driver was way too wild on the road! Hey, Sawai, are you all right?"
Kaori: "...me?"
Nagisa: "Sawai?"
Kaori: "Is someone after me?! S-Senpai, is someone trying to kill me?!"
I cling to the person peering into my eyes.
Nagisa: "H-Hey, Sawai?!"
Kaori: "I haven't done anything to anyone! Why would anyone want to kill me?!"
Nagisa: "S-Sawai...?"
Kaori: "I don't wanna die! I don't wanna diiiie!"
Nagisa: "Yeah...someone might be after you."
Someone whispers into my ear. I knew it! Someone's trying to kill me! I'm going to die!
Kaori: "No! I don't want to die! I can't die yet!"
Nagisa: "It's going to be okay. It's going to be all right -- I'm right here with you."
Someone tells me it's going to be all right.
Kaori: "It's...going to be okay...?"
Nagisa: "It's going to be all right. I'll protect you."
My mind feels more...at ease, when I hear that.
Nagisa: "Come on, let's look up. Can you look up at me?"
I look up like she asks. And what I see is...Senpai, smiling gently at me.
Kaori: "...Sen...pai...?"
Nagisa: "That's right, it's me. And you don't need to worry about a thing, because I'll protect you."
She hugs me tight. The warmth of her embrace saps all the tension from my body.
Nagisa: "Hey, let's get back to your room, all right? I'll take you there."
She gently stands me up, and I nod in agreement.
====================scr00318.kgo====================
Kaori: "*Giggle*..."
So, I'm on injection duty starting today! Which means that today's evening IV rounds are going to be my injection debut! My heart pounds as I look forward to new activity in my repertoire.
Yasuko: "Hey, Sawai! Quit yer grinnin' and answer the call!"
Kaori: "O-Oh, sorry!"
Kaori: "I'm sorry for the wait! What seems to be the problem?"
Sayuri: "...My IV's about to run out."
Urggghhh! It's Miss Sakai! And she sounds kind of mad, too!
Kaori: "I-I'll be right there!"
Miss Sakai is under continuous infusion, so someone else has already filled her bottle with medical solution. So as the nurse in charge of her, all I need to do is check the name on the bottle. Easy-peasy!
Kaori: "Sorry for the wait!"
Sayuri: "......"
Kaori: "I'll go ahead and change your IV bottle!"
I switch the bottle hanging down from the IV stand with the one I brought over.
Sayuri: "...You could at least knock before you come in."
Kaori: "Hm? Did you say something?"
Sayuri: "......"
...Hm. Miss Sakai's kind of difficult to deal with. I just can't communicate with her.
Sayuri: "Say, can you tell me what's in that IV bottle?"
Kaori: "Huh?"
I stop adjusting the drip speed with the clamp and look at her.
Sayuri: "...What do you mean, ‘huh?' I’m asking you what kind of medicine is in that bottle."
Kaori: "...Uh."
What's...in the bottle...? Another nurse checked it and put the medicine in, but...
Sayuri: "You don't even know what's in the bottle?"
Kaori: "...I-If I check your medical record..."
Sayuri: "That's not the issue and you know it. You're injecting drugs you don't even know about into a patient's veins."
Sayuri: "...It's because of people like you that medical malpractice goes down. Oh, do you even know what medical malpractice is?"
Kaori: "Urgh..."
What she's saying isn't wrong, but... I wish she would put some thought into how she says these things...
Sayuri: "Oh, and I hear your nursing license came in?"
Kaori: "Uh...yes, it did."
Sayuri: "Well, I think you have some things to take care of before celebrating that you're a ‘real nurse’ just because you got your license."
Urgh...!
Sayuri: "I don't mind if you take my calls, but do arrange that an actual nurse comes next time."
Uwah...
Kaori: "...Say, Miss Sakai, do you...hate me...?"
Sayuri: "......"
She looks at me in exasperation. When I see her expression, I realize that I spoke aloud.
Sayuri: "...You know, I'd be awfully impressed if you could think I liked you, all things considered."
Kaori: "A-Ahh..."
She doesn't even try to hide her hatred. I feel like I'm going to cry!
Sayuri: "Could you leave already? I don't want to have someone I hate buzzing around me."
Wounded by her biting words, I hold back tears and bow my head.
Kaori: "All right...I'll be going..."
Kaori: "...*Sniff*..."
Miss Sakai insulted me again. And not just an insult, either. She told me clearly that she hated me... Why does she always say stuff like that? There's no reason to hurt me so much... Ahh...this is depressing...
====================scr00319.kgo====================
Writing a report. This is a surprisingly difficult task. I learned it at school, and I'm a good month and a half into the job, but I still can't come up with what to write! The nurse call rings throughout the station. I'm the only nurse in the station, so it feels like it's yelling at me to hurry up and answer it.
Kaori: "Hello, what seems to be the issue?"
Ami: "...I'm sorry, I pressed it by accident..."
Kaori: "Oh, okay."
Yeah, sometimes people will accidentally press their nurse calls. I'm always wondering what problem they'll have, and worried that it might be serious, so I'm kind of on guard when I take nurse calls, so...I can't really deny that I feel a little underwhelmed. But it means there's no trouble, and that's always something to be happy about.
Kaori: "Hmm..."
...But. Ami...didn't sound like she was doing too well.
Kaori: "Hmm..."
The completely blank report in front of me. Ami's weak-sounding voice....I'm a little curious, so I want to pay her a visit. I can...take care of the report later. In fact, having a change of mood might get my writerly juices going.
Kaori: "...Hm?"
So, next to the emergency exit at the end of the corridor is room 308, a doubles room. It's on the same side as room 306, where Ami is. Directly across from room 308 is room 310, a single room. The door is always shut tight, but for some reason, it's slightly open today.
Hatsumi: "The patient in room 310 in the back is particularly difficult, so you don't have to deal with going there."
...What should I do? Should I take a peek at room 310 before I go to room 306? Take a peek. Don't bother. In any case, here I am, in front of room 310. And the door's open, as I thought. It feels like there's someone in there, too. It looks like they were scoping out the hall. I take a look at the nameplate. "Mayuki Wakamoto."
...I wonder what kind of person she is? Curiosity starts to bubble up in me.
Hatsumi: "The patient in room 310 in the back is particularly difficult, so you don't have to deal with going there."
Urgh... S-Sorry, Chief! But I'm just...really curious about Miss Wakamoto! I give the door a knock.
Kaori: "...Huh?"
I can sense someone inside the room, but there's no answer. When I put my hand to the doorknob in curiosity, the door creaks open.
Mayuki: "......"
A...a kid?! She looks like she's in the middle of elementary school...maybe a middle schooler at most?
Mayuki: "The wind in the hall is rather cold. Could you close the door?"
Kaori: "Oh, sorry!"
After I quickly close the door, I come back to my senses. In my new calm, I realize that I'd closed the door...from the inside. In other words, I had let myself into the room of the patient that the Chief had warned me was difficult to deal with. When I turn around, I see Mayuki looking at me in fascination.
Mayuki: "So, you're new. What's your name?"
Kaori: "Oh! M-My name is Kaori Sawai! I started here this April!"
Mayuki: "...So, you've only been on the job for a month and a half. How is it? Gotten used to work?"
Huh? The Chief said she was a difficult patient, so I was expecting someone really harsh or stubborn, but...she...isn't...? Did she mean that she was a young patient with a really difficult disease?
Kaori: "Er...there are a lot of things that are still hard to get a grasp on, but I have wonderful coworkers, so I'm used to the certain tasks that I find myself performing more often...I think."
Mayuki: "I see. Good to hear."
Mayuki...puts on an awfully mature looking smile. Well, she doesn't seem nearly as difficult as I was led to believe. Though I feel relieved, something stands out for me. She's really adult-like -- not just in her expressions, but in how she speaks, too.
Kaori: "......"
But on the other hand, if she's been in the hospital for a long time, that probably means she grew up mostly around other adults, and her current demeanor is likely the unavoidable result of that.
Mayuki: "Oh, come to think of it, it isn't quite fair to have you introduce yourself without returning the favor. My name is..."
Kaori: "Oh, I know your name! You're Mayuki Wakamoto, right? I may be new, but I do know the names of all the patients in the ward, at least."
All right, I checked her nameplate a while ago, but I don't actually need to tell her that.
Mayuki: "Do you, now? But it looks like you didn't know my face."
With a mischievous grin, Mayuki shows that she sees right through me. Urgh, she hit me where it hurt...!
Kaori: "...I was told not to interact with you, because things might be...difficult."
Mayuki: "Hatsumi Otsuka told you that, didn't she? That sounds like her."
Her tone when she says that is...not pleasant. And she went out of her way to call her by her full name, too.
Kaori: "Um...Mayuki, do you happen to...not like the Chief?"
Mayuki: "I hate her."
Kaori: "......"
I feel like I've been cut in two. I know the Chief is strict, so I can't say she's popular with the kids in the ward, but...
Kaori: "But, the Chief is really considerate towards the patients here, so don't hate her too much, okay?"
Mayuki: "...I don't think there's much point in forcing yourself to like something you hate."
After shooting that out with more venom than her last statement, Mayuki throws her face off to the side. Hmm...I wonder if the Chief harshly scolded one time? Mayuki acts really mature, but this stubbornness might be her childish side.
Mayuki: "Urgh...!"
Suddenly, Mayuki's face contorts.
Kaori: "What's wrong?!"
Mayuki: "It's...it's nothing... Just my usual headache."
Kaori: "Don't you have medicine?!"
Mayuki: "Medicine...doesn't work on these..."
I suddenly reach out and pull Mayuki close.
Kaori: "......"
I take a deep breath and, while praying that her headache fades away, I pet her tiny head. A lot of people say I have "healing hands,"
but I just think that's a placebo, even now. But if that placebo can help her headache where medicine can't, even just a little bit...! With that desperate wish in my heart, I stroke Mayuki's head.
Mayuki: "...Now that's a surprise..."
Kaori: "Mayuki?"
Mayuki: "You...eased my pain....Thank you..."
She smiles cheerfully at me. Yeah...the reason she sounds a lot older than she is, is because she's lived in this hospital for a long time, isn't it? Because she's got such a cute, age appropriate smile!
Mayuki: "...Will you come visit again?"
Kaori: "Sure. I can't make any promises, but if you don't mind my company."
Mayuki: "I can't imagine a new nurse is that busy."
W-Wait, did she just make fun of me?!
Kaori: "I'm busy with a lot of stuff BECAUSE I'm new! It takes a lot of time to do things by myself, and there's a bunch of things I need to learn!"
Mayuki: "Now, now, no need to get so cross. I'm a difficult patient, remember? Didn't your Chief tell you to watch yourself around me?"
Kaori: "Uwah!"
She's right! I've got to be careful! She may be a child, but Mayuki's one of those patients you have to look out for!
Mayuki: "Not that I mind much....Say, didn't you have some business you needed to attend to?"
Ahh! Ami!
Kaori: "S-Sorry! I'm going back to work, but don't hesitate to ring the nurse call if you need anything!"
Mayuki: "Indeed."
Right before I leave the room, Mayuki thanks me.
Mayuki: "Take care. And thanks for healing my headache."
Kaori: "You're very welcome."
Kaori: "Hmm..."
Mayuki really is a strange girl... Oh! I've got to check on Ami!
Kaori: "Hello!"
I head immediately over to Ami's bed.
Ami: "K-Kaorin?! S-Sorry, that call was an accident..."
Kaori: "Yeah, but I was a little worried..."
Ami: "K-Kaorin, you're...really nice."
Ami's eyes are tearing up.
Ami: "But it's nothing. I just bumped the call with my elbow, I think."
Kaori: "...That's all?"
I look at Ami very cautiously. Hmm...it doesn't look like there's anything different. I guess I'm just imagining things.
Kaori: "Well, if you're sure. I just came to check up on you."
Ami: "Wait, you're leaving already? C'mon, let's chat a little more!"
Ami sweetly stops me, but I gently pull her hand off me.
Kaori: "I'm sorry, I've got records to write up..."
Ami: "O-Oh, right. Sorry for being selfish..."
As Ami sticks out her tongue in self-effacement, I give her head a bit of a pet and head back to the station.
Kaori: "Oof..."
Well, the Chief did say she was a pretty difficult patient. I feel a little guilty, but I take a turn in front of room 310 and go into room 306 instead.
Kaori: "Hello!"
I immediately go to Ami's bed.
Ami: "K-Kaorin?!"
Kaori: "Eheh, I kinda stopped by."
Ami: "Wh-What? But...aren't you busy...?"
She looks like she's at a loss. And she looks like she's a little down, as I suspected....I'm glad I came.
Kaori: "Well, I'm still new here, and there's not much I can do, so...I came over."
Kaori: "Aside from diaper changing and other work anyone can do, my time's pretty flexible. Like, I was just writing reports in the nurses station a while ago."
Ami: "Reports...?"
Kaori: "Yeah, nursing reports."
Seeming interested in the term I deployed, Ami takes back her usual expression.
Ami: "What are those?"
Kaori: "Well, nursing reports are these records we write about how patients are doing and what kind of care we gave them. They're meant for the other nurses to read."
Kaori: "So if there's a nurse call or something, you want to write what time it came in, what the reason was, and what kind of care you gave the patient."
Kaori: "If you jot that down, you and the other nurses can go back to it later, you know?"
Ami: "So then, the call I gave you just a while ago..."
Kaori: "Yep, I'm going to write it in a report later. ‘Said the call was an accident, but voice sounded weak. Visited room just in case’... Something like that."
Ami: "Wow...then, you'll write about coming here, too...?"
Kaori: "You know it! It would important to note that I came to meet you directly."
Ami: "Ohhh, really?"
Kaori: "But I honestly was worried about you, Ami. You sounded kind of weak a while ago..."
Ami: "Kaorin, you could, like, tell? From that really short conversation?"
When Ami looks at me suspiciously, I repay her with a bright smile.
Kaori: "It's more like...I felt that something was off, you know? Since you're always smiling and all that, Ami."
Ami: "...Yeah, you're right. Um, sorry for worrying you."
She lets out a cheerful, bashful smile. I can't say exactly where or how, but something feels off in the core of my heart....Something's...strange, here...
Kaori: "...Don't worry, you don't have to force yourself to smile."
I come back to my senses after I realize I've let my mouth run.
Ami: "Huh?"
Ami looks at me in surprise....Well, if we're already here. It's a good opportunity, so maybe I should say what's on my mind -- that thing that's been stuck like a little thorn in my heart.
Kaori: "You really don't have to force yourself... You can say it hurts when it hurts, and you don't have to force yourself to smile..."
Ami: "......"
Kaori: "I mean, I'm on the job, so I can't do everything you ask, but...that doesn't mean I want to make you push yourself."
Ami: "Mom...my mother would always say that smiling brought fortune."
Kaori: "And I don't think she's wrong, but...if you keep smiling when it's hard, that's just going to wear your heart out."
Kaori: "And I feel like...since you're weakened enough to have to stay in the hospital, you probably don't want to wear yourself out like that..."
Ami: "......"
Ami's mouth goes wide open....Did I say something that off the mark...? As regret starts to wash in, something rolls down Ami's smooth cheek. Then, as if a dam has broken, tear after tear rolls down her cheeks.
Ami: "I...I w-wasn't gonna to cry...I wasn't gonna cry, but..."
Sobs quickly mix in with the surprise of her voice. I softly pull her towards me. It must have been painful, Ami...
Ami: "...I-I...I wasn't gonna cry, but...K-Kaorin...you took me by surprise..."
My heart aches. Even now, she's trying to hold back her tears.
Kaori: "Yeah...I'm sorry."
Ami: "K-Kaorin, you...you dummy..."
Kaori: "Yeah...I'm dumb and tactless, so...so you can cry all you want."
I bring Ami's face into my less than bountiful chest.
Kaori: "See? It's going to be all right. I won't let anyone see you cry, Ami...not even me."
Ami: "C-Can...can I stay like this until I feel better...?"
Kaori: "You sure can. I'll pet your head, too."
Ami: "*Giggle*...Ah...Ahh..."
Ami's soft sobs turned into a bawl. She gives off such a cheerful, energetic image to everyone around her, but...she must be so conflicted inside.
Kaori: "......"
What you see really isn't all that you get. I mull over that as I stroke Ami's head, comforting her until she feels better.
====================scr00401.kgo====================
...Oh, it's happening again...            I'm having that dream again...               Ahhh!              ...It really hurts...              ...It really hurts...           I hurt all over...and I'm burning up...           I can't breathe...my chest is killing me...              "You..."
             I hear a voice.         "...You must live."
         Someone is talking somewhere.      "You can't die. No matter what happens,       you gotta survive."
Who are you?         "You must live.          Live the life          she couldn't."
             Who are you?           Who's "she"?        "I'm sorry, I'm really sorry..."
                Who...?           "Kaori,            please...don't die..."
                Who are you?        Who are you, and why do you know me?           "Open your eyes.            I won't allow you to die."
          ...Who are you two?            And is it just me,            or does it feel nice and...soft,            here...?      I can't feel the pain that plagued me a while ago.      Can I just...stay like this...?           Right then, my consciousness fades.              ...There's no one here anymore.              I can't hear anything.              It's cold, here.           Pain. Pain runs through my entire body...           "Nooo!"
Kaori: "*Pant, pant*...!"
...I look around me. I'm...in my room... And I had that dream again. Is it a dream of that car accident...? I don't remember what happened too well, but my cells might. Maybe that's why I keep having this dream.
Kaori: "*Sigh*..."
My pajamas are drenched in sweat. But, I have to wonder...         "You must live.          Live the life          she couldn't."
          "Kaori,            please...don't die..."
Who are those voices that keep appearing in my dreams? They're a woman's voice and a girl's voice... And they feel strangely...familiar. Just who are they...?
====================scr00402.kgo====================
After getting to a good place in my morning reports, I take a look at the clock.
Kaori: "Uh-oh...it's about time to switch Miss Sakai's IV..."
Miss Sakai really rails into me if I mess up, so I'm very meticulous about adjusting her drip speed, and I always aim to change her bottle myself on time, so I haven't been late or early that much lately. And thanks to that, I think she's spat less venom at me with regards to her IV. She's just as mean about everything else, though... Doesn't she get tired out from being mean all the time? She seems to hate me, but why does she have it out for me so much? We were just in the same nursing school, what did I do to deserve this? Did I do something to her while we were in school? And I just don't remember? I mean, I'd feel bad if I had, but she could at least say something if that were the case... But if I'm the reason she's so spikey, then I want to figure out what I've done and apologize....How can I get closer to her? I rack my brains about it, but can't come up with any good ideas. Besides, it's not like she's going to listen to me.
Hatsumi: "Sawai, isn't it about time to change Miss Sakai's IV?"
Kaori: "I'll get right on it."
...I guess I have no choice but to get ready for a long fight.
???: "Come on in!"
Hm? That voice...wasn't Miss Sakai, right?
Kaori: "I-I've got your new bottle..."
Kaori: "Ami?!"
Ami: "Oh! Kaorin, hiii!"
Kaori: "O-Oh, hello."
Ami is in Miss Sakai's room. And Miss Sakai, of course, is as stone-faced as usual....This is quite the strange combination.
Kaori: "I'll get right to changing your IV bottle, then."
I take a look at the two while I change the IV bottle. Ami's smiling as usual, and Miss Sakai has her signature frown. I...I can't see what they have in common.
Kaori: "S-Say, Ami, are you friends with Miss Sakai?"
Ami: "Yeah, we're pals!"
Sayuri: "Excuse me?!"
Wh-Why's Miss Sakai surprised to hear that?! Ami, however, doesn't seem pleased with that reaction.
Ami: "Huh?! But we're totally pals!"
Sayuri: "W-We've just ended up in the bathroom at the same time once or twice."
Ami: "And where else are you gonna build friendly intimacy?"
Sayuri: "But all I did was ask you to move since you were hogging the mirror."
Ami: "We're in the same ward in the same hospital at the same time! It's gotta be, like, fate, right?!"
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai looks at me with baffled eyes....I have the feeling I kind of know what she wants to say...
Ami: "Hey, Kaorin! I feel really bad for Sayurin's arm!"
Sayuri: "Sayurin?!"
Miss Sakai sounds completely taken aback.
Sayuri: "I wanted to ask before -- where'd this ‘Sayurin’ come from?!"
Ami: "Well, you're Sayuri Sakai, so...Sayurin. Is it, like, weird?"
Sayuri: "W-Well, it's more..."
Oh, she's got no idea how to deal with this.
Ami: "Well, if it's not weird, then it's totally okay! Right, Sayurin?"
Sayuri: "......"
Wow, who knew Miss Sakai could make an age appropriate expression...? I desperately hold back the belly laugh building up. If I let my laughter slip, that would just put Miss Sakai in a mood far worse than I've seen before.
Ami: "Hey, Kaorin! I wanted to...huh?"
Ami's expression changes rapidly.
Kaori: "What's wrong, Ami?"
Ami: "Kaorin, your name's kinda like Sayurin's!"
Kaori: "Is that so?"
Ami: "Yeah! Kaori Sawai, Sayuri Sakai. See, they're really close!"
...You know, come to think of it...they kind of are.
Ami: "I'm so jelly, Sayurin! I wanna know someone who's got a name like mine, too!"
Sayuri: "...Why? It isn't a plus, not in the least. Especially this one."
Urgh. Point. There's no way she'd like having a name close to someone she hates like me.
Ami: "Sayurin, this isn't, like, plus or minus. This is...fate."
F-Fate?! Our names are just slightly similar! Why bring fate into this?!
Sayuri: "...Ridiculous."
Ami: "It's not ridiculous at all! Oh! But you know what is?!"
...Ami's expressions change so rapidly. And her topics change just as quickly, too. You just can't get tired of watching her.
Ami: "Hey, Kaorin! Sayurin's arm is in such bad shape! Can you heal it up?"
Miss Sakai looks away when Ami says that and quickly hides her arm. Her arm shows signs of internal bleeding and looks terribly painful. And...it's not just her arm. Reddish black spots are all over her, even if you can't see them. Her legs, her stomach, everywhere. And what's worse, the spot Ami pointed out is where I messed up injecting her IV needle...
Ami: "Sayurin says it doesn't hurt, but it looks so painful!"
Kaori: "...Y-Yeah, it sure does."
Sayuri: "There's nothing we can do about it. That's just the disease I have..."
Ami: "W-Wait, really?!"
...A-Ami, pick up on the hints, please...
Sayuri: "...Nurse, could you explain my sickness to this girl...?"
Kaori: "What? But..."
But that's sensitive, personal information...!
Sayuri: "You have your patient's consent. Please, explain it to her."
Sayuri: "...Or can you not explain it because you don't understand it?"
Harumph. I can at least explain it! I've been doing my studying!
Kaori: "Ami, Miss Sakai's sick with something called aplastic anemia."
Ami: "Apla...what now?"
Kaori: "Aplastic anemia. You know about the cells in our blood, right? Like red blood cells that carry oxygen, white blood cells that fight infections, and platelets that stop bleeding."
Ami: "Uh, I learned that in science class...I think! I don't really remember any of it, though!"
...She doesn't remember...?
Kaori: "Miss Sakai's illness makes it so that she has a lot less of all those cells."
Kaori: "Having fewer red blood cells makes her anemic and short of breath..."
Kaori: "having fewer white blood cells means she catches more colds, and with fewer platelets, she has a much harder time stopping bleeding."
Kaori: "The internal bleeding you see on her arm comes from that lack of platelets."
Ami: "Ohh...so that's why..."
There's a lot more to talk about, but...I guess this is as good an explanation as you can give a high school student, right?
Sayuri: "That's why I'm being quarantined off in this single room."
Sayuri: "Though really, dealing with other patients being a pain is a big part of it."
W-Whoa! That makes it sound like dealing with Ami is a pain!
Ami: "...Oh..."
Ami, however, is strong. She walks up to the bed and holds Miss Sakai's hand tight.
Ami: "Well, I'll keep coming to keep you company! I don't want you to be lonely, Sayurin!"
Sayuri: "Come again?"
Miss Sakai's eyes go wide. I'm a little surprised, too.
Ami: "Because I'm your friend! Right?!"
...It looks like her mean statement had no effect on Ami.
Sayuri: "Er...um...?"
She looks at me with a baffled face once again. As if she's looking to me for help.
Kaori: "A-Ami? You might not want to chat with her too much, you'll wear Miss Sakai out...all right?"
And...Miss Sakai really does look very tired, so I'm not lying...right? And Ami's got nephrotic syndrome, so she needs to rest up, too.
Ami: "Ohh...aww. Well...next time?"
Sayuri: "Nex... Oh, er, sure."
With her usual, beaming smile, Ami waves to Miss Sakai as she leaves the room.
Sayuri: "...Is she always like that?"
Oh no...she looks completely beat.
Kaori: "Err...she means well, really...ahaha..."
Sayuri: "...I know that she means well, but...that doesn't mean she can just do whatever she wants."
Kaori: "Y-Yeah."
Exhaustion on her face, Miss Sakai slowly lays on her side in bed.
Sayuri: "...I'm going to sleep for a little. I feel so tired all of a sudden..."
Kaori: "Good night."
I set up her IV and quietly leave the room, not wanting to disturb her rest....But I have to say. Ami and Miss Sakai.
Kaori: "What a weird combo..."
====================scr00403.kgo====================
Yasuko: "Heya! Break time!"
I'm eating lunch in the break room with Senpai when Yamanouchi comes in.
Yasuko: "You two cooked lunch? Look at y'all, living all responsibly!"
She sits down on the sofa and pulls two store-bought rice balls out of her bag and plops them on the table.
Kaori: "Is that all you're having for lunch?"
When I ask in surprise, Yamanouchi laughs in response.
Yasuko: "The convenience store's havin' a hundred yen sale on rice balls, so it's cheaper'n cookin' yerself."
Nagisa: "But how are you going to get all your nutrients?"
Yasuko: "Don't worry, I did my calculations and took my supplements!"
Nagisa: "You can't just depend on supplements! I really don't think that blind worship of supplements is a good idea!"
Yasuko: "Can't cut any corners with you around, ‘ey, Fujisawa? But the store's rice balls got them some nutrients, y’know?"
Nagisa: "Yeah, barely any."
Yasuko: "This one's got eel in it -- packed with vitamin B1 and works real wonders for your looks."
Yamanouchi's grinning away, but Senpai sighs at her. You can't really call a meal of rice balls alone balanced. And what's worse, it doesn't have nearly enough calories!
Kaori: "I have to agree with Senpai."
Yasuko: "Don't worry, don't worry -- I got me some real nice coworkers. Like you two!"
Ah! Her eyes are squarely on our lunches!?
Kaori: "Y-You're not getting any!"
Yasuko: "Ah! Ya wound me! Such coldness -- it's more 'n I can bear...ahh!"
As if shocked, Yamanouchi collapses into the sofa. She's definitely acting!
Yasuko: "I can't right believe I have such cruel coworkers... Here I am, starvin' away, and y'all... Ahh, I can't even stand from the shock..."
Nagisa: "Your fake tears won't get you anywhere. It's your fault for cheaping out on your lunch -- it's not like you're hurting for money, either."
Yasuko: "Ch-Cheapin' out?! I'll have ya know that I'm FRUGAL -- it's a life philosophy!"
Kaori: "A life...philosophy?"
Yasuko: "I'm glad you asked! One of my favorite characters has the same values, I'll have ya know!"
Yasuko: "Miser, they say. Cheapskate, they say. They just don't get it! This is frugality! An ancient philosophy as old an venerable as humanity itself!"
Kaori: "R-Right..."
Yamanouchi's eyes are sparkling as she speaks... And since she's gone this deep, we can't just ignore her. I exchange a look with Senpai and let out a quiet sigh.
Yasuko: "Every little bit counts, y'hear me? If you keep saving a hundred yen here, two hundred yen there, before you know it, you're sitting on a big pile o' cash..."
Nagisa: "......"
Yasuko: "...I hope..."
Kaori: "......"
An uncomfortable silence. Senpai lets out a loud sigh.
Nagisa: "...So to save money, you're going to bum off our lunches? When we get paid less than you, especially Sawai, who's on a starter salary?"
Yasuko: "F-Fujisawa, ya can't just come out and say it like that! I was just hopin' my kindly coworkers would tip their hats to my beliefs and help out, y'know?"
Nagisa: "...Hmph. Oh, you. Just a little, all right?"
At the end of the day, Senpai's very kind. She puts a rolled egg and a piece of salted salmon onto her lunch box lid and hands it to Yamanouchi.
Yasuko: "Wow! Fujisawa, you got generosity for miles! Ohh, take me!"
In quite the good mood, Yamanouchi looks at me next.
Kaori: "......"
Err... She's looking at me with incredibly expectant eyes. That means I have to do something, right? I take a look inside my lunch box. What do I have that wouldn't be the same as what Senpai gave her...? Ah! All I have are my fried chicken and hamburger steak! And I love them both... Wh-What am I going to do?
Yasuko: "Sawai, you got an awfully tasty lookin' lunch there."
Nagisa: "Hmph! Don't bully the newbie like that! I gave you enough for both of us!"
Yasuko: "Oh, don't mind me! I was just talkin' to myself."
Still, Yamanouchi has eager eyes on my lunchbox. Urgh...I-I don't have a choice, do I?
Kaori: "A-All right, here you go..."
I put a single piece of fried chicken on Senpai's lunch box lid. Goodbye, beloved chicken...!
Yasuko: "Yahoo! Thank ya kindly! Nothin' quite like bein' blessed by kindly coworkers, I tell ya what!"
Yamanouchi happily pulls up one of the treats and eats it with the rice ball.
Yasuko: "Phew, you two are real good at cooking! Both of ya'd make wonderful wives!"
Yamanouchi's cheeks are full of our food. I'd be totally justified in getting angry at her over this, but for some reason, I just can't hold anything against Yamanouchi. And it looks like Senpai feels the same way.
Nagisa: "...You really just can't win with Yamanouchi."
Yasuko: "Oh, you'll give me another?"
Nagisa: "You're not getting any more!"
Yasuko: "Cheapskate!"
Nagisa: "...I could've sworn I heard something just now."
Yasuko: "Kiddin', kiddin'. Oh, have this as thanks."
Yamanouchi pulls two slips of paper from her pocket. They both said "free cake"
on them.
Nagisa: "Wh-Whoa, are you sure? This is way more expensive than the bits of lunch we gave you..."
Yasuko: "It's totally fine! They were handin' these out at the station, but I'm not goin' to Kanakura anytime soon."
I peer at Senpai's hands to see the name of a cafe near Kanakura Station printed on the tickets. It looks like they're discount tickets for that cafe.
Kaori: "Wow, I've always wanted to go here! People say the cakes are REALLY good, and I've heard good things about the tea, too!"
Nagisa: "Ohh, really?"
Kaori: "Senpai, let's give it a visit when we're off work next! We can get some shopping done, too!"
Nagisa: "Yeah, it's been a while since I've had some really good cake. It might be fun!"
Kaori: "Then it's settled! Thanks so much, Yamanouchi!"
Nagisa: "Thank you very much."
Yasuko: "Don't mention it! Go ahead and enjoy it for me. *Giggle*"
Kaori: "Our next day off, huh...I wonder what I'll wear...?"
Nagisa: "Aww, Sawai!"
Yasuko: "...Y'all can fantasize about goin' out and all, but ain't break time about to end?"
Kaori: "Ahhhh! The Chief's going to yell at me again if I'm back from lunch late!"
She's right. I shovel the rest of my lunch into my mouth. *Giggle* So, my next day off will be shopping with Senpai... I can't wait!
====================scr00404.kgo====================
Ahhhh! My reports are finally done!
Nagisa: "Hey there, Sawai. You heading out?"
Senpai cheerfully asks me that. She's about to go into the night shift.
Kaori: "Yep! I just finished my reports! Sorry for always dragging on into the night shift with them..."
Nagisa: "Hey, don't worry about it! I do the same thing, I'm always making trouble for the night shifters."
Nagisa: "We're even, really! So don't worry about it and just focus on getting your own stuff done."
She pats my shoulder. Her telling me that we were even totally relieves me.
Kaori: "If there's anything missing from my reports, feel free to check them and point them out!"
Nagisa: "Of course! I'm your preceptor, so I'll fill your reports with red marks! ‘You need more detail here,’ and the like!"
Kaori: "U-Urgh...tomorrow morning's just a little scary, all of a sudden!"
We exchange looks and grin at each other.
Hatsumi: "You two over there! We're on the night shift. Get back to work and go home, respectively."
Nagisa: "All right, getting back to work."
Kaori: "All right, I'll be off, then! See you tomorrow, Senpai!"
Work's been pretty fun lately. Miss Sakai's still as much of a handful as ever, and I do get yelled at for the small mistakes I make. Still, nursing really feels like work with doing, so I've started to find it fun lately. I've only been a nurse for a month and a half, but if this is what a month and a half gets me, I might feel like things are even more worthwhile in a year or two. Senpai and Yamanouchi seem to be having a lot of fun, too. And I bet the part time and temp nurses would've quit long ago if it wasn't a fun job. That fun on the job has to keep everyone going. 
???: "You're finally here!"
Kaori: "Hyah?!"
Someone hugs me tight from behind.
Yasuko: "I waited so long!"
Kaori: "Y-Yamanouchi?!"
Yasuko: "I sent ya a text, but nothin' came back, so I thought of hanging out in front of your room, but that didn't work out either!"
A text?! I can't check my phone in the hospital!
Yasuko: "So I decided to hide behind this vending machine!"
Yasuko: "All that aside, let's head over to my humble abode!"
Kaori: "W-Wait, what?!"
Yasuko: "You came to visit me, didn't ya? Oh, and help out while you're here, would ya!"
Kaori: "Umm?"
I have no idea what she's on about!
Yasuko: "Well, Kaori, ya said you'd help me, right?"
Kaori: "Err...well..."
That was...a long time ago, but if I argue back, she probably wouldn't hear me out. There's just nothing I can do...
Yasuko: "C'mon, we're gettin' goin'! Get walkin'!"
Kaori: "Urgh..."
Someone, help... 
Kaori: "Now then...time to get studying! This'll make me time at work even better!"
Kaori: "Huh? Someone's at the door...?"
Kaori: "Who could it be, at this hour?"
???: "Oiii! Open the door! I know you're in there!"
Eeeep?! Wh-Who's that?!
???: "If you don't open up, I'm gonna let you have it!"
E-Eep! Go away! They're going to break the door down! And there's no way banging on the door like that ISN'T bothering the neighbors!
Kaori: "P-Please stop banging on the door!"
???: "Then open this thing up right this second! I'm in a hurry over here!"
Uwahhh! I gently crack the door open, and a hand shoots out through the opening and grabs my wrist.
???: "CAUGHT YA!"
Kaori: "Eeeep?! N-no, stay awayyyy!"
Then, they pop their face out from the shadow of the door...
Yasuko: "C'mon, let's get goin'!"
Yasuko: "We don't got no time to waste!"
Kaori: "Y-Yamanouchi?!"
...Why is she always so weird? I mean, all she needed to do was come normally! And knock without banging down the door! Instead, she drags me out of my room, not hearing any complaint.
Kaori: "H-Hey...I get it, I'll come with you! Y-You don't need to drag me!"
Yasuko: "All right, sit here!"
Kaori: "Y-Yeah?"
Yasuko: "And here's the manuscript!"
Kaori: "Hwah?"
Yasuko: "Here's your cutter, and here's your toner."
Kaori: "......"
Er...how did I get to this point, again? And I'm having some real deja vu, too...
Yasuko: "Put screen tone on the parts I've marked, and cut them out. Easy."
Kaori: "...Easy...?"
Yasuko: "Oh, and tone ain't cheap, so make sure you don't waste it!"
Urgh...now there's no way I'm getting out of this...
Yasuko: "I've prepped enough snacks for dinner tonight, so eat up if yer hungry!"
Kaori: "...A-Ahh..."
I really, really can't get out of this... All I can do is accept it, get to work, and finish it as quickly as I can.
Kaori: "A-All right...I'll do my best..."
Yasuko: "Much obliged!"
I quietly get to applying tone. My eyes spin with all the points I have to put tone on. The materials it's made of are hard to cut, and sometimes when I think I've cut it, it's just peeled off awkwardly! Someone help! The tone's after me! It's all over me and I can't move!
???: "...i! Sawai!"
Kaori: "Huh?!"
Yasuko: "Ya sure musta been tired. Real sorry for makin' you help out like this."
I was...asleep...?
Yasuko: "Hey, it's just a bit more. Drink up some Gigamin S and get to it!"
Kaori: "Urgh...I want to go home..."
Yasuko: "I'll let ya out when you finish puttin' down this tone, so keep it up."
Kaori: "...It's morning..."
Yasuko: "Nice work, Sawai! Ya did it! Now I can get this in on time! Oh, I could kiss ya! Mind if I do?"
Kaori: "...I don't need a kiss. I need time to sleep..."
Yasuko: "Well, lucky you! It's five o'clock, so ya can catcha few winks!"
Kaori: "I just want to...sleep all day today..."
I stagger up as I mumble.
Kaori: "All right, take care..."
Yasuko: "You too! Good luck with the day shift!"
...I think I'll have her make me help her out on nights before my days off. Working with her through the night after a day shift, then going into another day shift is a little...no, it's pretty awful......I wonder if I'll be able to sleep for an hour...? Ah! I thought I'd read Yamanouchi's comic while I helped her, but I was too focused on my work to...! Next time! Next time! Next...time...
====================scr00405.kgo====================
_RE
Nagisa: "Sawai, there's an ent in room 306 today. You ready?"
I nod in response. I've already picked up that "ent"
is short for the German word for hospital discharge.
Kaori: "It's Kohaku, right? Her ent prescription is already up. And I hear her parents are coming to pick her up after lunch, too."
Nagisa: "Yeah? Man...Kikyo and Komu got discharged, and the noisy kids in the room got really quiet. I bet everyone's going to miss Kohaku, too..."
Kaori: "Yeah..."
All the kids in room 306 really got along well, and they always played together. The room's seen a lot of discharges lately, though, and the six-kid room now has only four in it. And today, another one is leaving the hospital. A hospital discharge is something to be celebrated, but...still. I'm a little worried that she'll eat a little less of her dinner again. I pull Kohaku's medical record onto the desk and do my final check, making sure her x-ray scans and cardiographs are in there. When the patient is discharged from the hospital, we return these to the x-ray room and the administrator's office. I take a glance at the clock. Noon's just about done.
Kaori: "Senpai, I'm going to head over to room 306."
Nagisa: "All right! Make sure she's ready for her discharge, all right?"
Kaori: "You got it!"
Kohaku: "Oh, Miss Nurse!"
Right when I enter the room, Kohaku greets me, full of energy. She must be really happy that her parents are here, because her smile's a lot brighter than usual!
Kaori: "Congratulations on your discharge, Kohaku!"
Kohaku: "Thanks!"
I lightly bow to Kohaku's parents in greeting and put her papers on the on-bed table.
Kaori: "I talked about this yesterday and the day before, but let me just do this final check."
Kohaku: "What I have to do when I'm home?"
Kaori: "Yup, you got it -- since what you have doesn't fully heal, Kohaku."
Kaori: "There's a few things you need to watch out for, even when you're back home. Do you remember what they are?"
Kohaku has type 1 diabetes, so she'll have to take care of herself outside by regulating what she eats, taking insulin shots, and more. Her parents have been briefed on what's required, of course, but Kohaku's understanding is critical going forward. I can't skimp out on teaching her just because she's a child.
Kohaku: "Hmm..."
Kohaku looks up and puts up her fingers as she thinks.
Kohaku: "Um, I have to eat certain things for lunch and stuff, I can't eat anything else, and...I should try not to catch a cold?"
Kaori: "Yeah, that's right. There's also stuff I want you to do at school, too. Have you heard those?"
Kohaku: "Oh, I have! Umm...check my blood sugar, and give myself injections, and stuff."
Kaori: "Yep! Do you remember how to do it?"
Kohaku: "Yeah!"
Kohaku smiles happily and nods. It's a lot of stuff that's hard for a little kid to do, but if she doesn't really try to keep up with her self care, she'll end up in a much worse place. Because of that, I have to harden my heart and make sure she understands.
Kohaku: "But...can I really bring candy to school?"
Kaori: "Yeah, we've contacted the school, don't worry. But don't show it off, all right? That'll just make you fight with the other kids."
Kohaku: "Yeah, I know! And I have to take my shots in the nurses office, too!"
Kaori: "Right, exactly. I know you can probably do your shots yourself, but get the school nurse to watch over you while you're still in elementary school, okay?"
When she nods, she pulls out a stapled booklet from the pile of the documents I've brought.
Kohaku: "Hey, did you draw this comic, miss? ‘The Basics of Diabetes’?"
Kohaku reads the title aloud.
Kohaku: "Oh, this is my face, right?"
She points at a drawing of a girl that looks very similar to her.
Kaori: "Wow, good job picking up on that. Yep, it's you!"
Kohaku: "Wow, awesome! I'm in a comic!"
Her parents watch her with smiles as she cheers.
Kaori: "This was drawn by a nurse who's really good at making comics, just for you. Oh, I helped out a bit, though."
Kohaku: "Thanks! I love it!"
Yamanouchi's character art is phenomenal, and the manga with Kohaku as its protagonist was interesting to read by itself. I helped out, of course, and I'm really glad to see that she likes it a lot more than we expected.
Kaori: "The details are all in that comic, so read it when you get home, okay?"
Kohaku: "I will!"
When Kohaku replies energetically, she plops down out of bed.
Kohaku: "Hey, Amin, check this out!"
Kohaku runs up to Ami's bed and happily shows off her comic.
Ami: "Wow, awesome! You're in a manga, Kohaku! And you're the main character, too!"
Kohaku: "Eheheh!"
She lets out a bashful laugh. And Ami watches over her with a smile.
Kohaku's Mother: "Kohaku, it's time for us to leave."
Kohaku: "Coming, Mom!"
Kohaku's Mother: "Well, go ahead and tell everyone in the room goodbye."
Kohaku: "Huh?"
Kohaku's Mother: "And thank them for everything."
Kohaku: "Goodbye...?"
Kohaku tilts her head, and then, suddenly, large tears begin to stream down her face.
Kaori: "K-Kohaku?!"
Kohaku: "I...I...I don't wanna leave everyone!"
She starts to bawl and clings to Ami.
Ami: "Kohaku......"
Kohaku: "I want to be with Amin and everyone else! I want us all to leave the hospital together!"
Kaori: "Kohaku..."
I really understand how Kohaku feels. They're her battle buddies. They all fought their illnesses together. They supported each other, encouraged each other, and cried and laughed together. It's great to leave the hospital, but anyone would miss leaving their friends behind...
Ami: "Hey, Kohaku. Even though you'll be out...how about coming to visit us sometimes? When you're here for your regular check-ups, and stuff?"
Ami's eyes are filled with tears as she comforts Kohaku.
Kohaku: "Yeah...I-I'll visit..."
Ami: "That way I'll get to see you, and we can play together again."
Kohaku: "...Yeah."
Ami: "And the nurses all work here, so you can visit them if you come back!"
Kohaku: "Yeah..."
Hiro: "Kohaku, ya dummy!"
Hiro is looking away on his bed.
Hiro: "Don't just cry! Y-You're getting out of here! It's a really good thing!"
Kohaku: "Hiro..."
Hiro: "And don't come back!"
Kohaku: "Wh-Whah..."
Kohaku looks like she's about to cry again.
Hiro: "D-Dummy! I'm not saying I don't wanna see you again! I'm sayin' don't get sent to the hospital again! Don't get the wrong idea!"
Kohaku: "*Sniff*...*sniff*..."
Hiro: "...Wh-When you get out of here...come back to play!"
The second he says that, Hiro burrows under his covers....Ohh, Hiro's going to miss her, huh...
Kohaku: "Hiro...thank you..."
Ami: "Kohaku, everyone's going to miss you, but...it's wonderful that you made it out. We're all happy for you. So...take care, all right?"
Kohaku: "I will!"
Kohaku's Mother: "Well, let's be off, then. Thank you for everything, everyone."
Holding her parents' hands, Kohaku leaves the children's room.
Ami: "Take care."
Kohaku: "See you, too, Miss Nurse..."
Looking up with her teary face and smiling, Kohaku waves me goodbye. Hiro stays burrowed under his covers, but the other kids go out into the hall and wave back at Kohaku, looking sad as they do. Kohaku's parents lightly nod to me and walk out of sight, pulling along their beloved daughter.
Ami: "...I'm going to miss her, but, like...it's great that she made it out safe."
Kaori: "Yeah. It's something to celebrate. And everyone's going to follow Kohaku's example -- they'll leave healthier."
Ami: "Yeah, you're right."
The children's room feels a little bit lonelier than before. But seeing kids leave healthy has to be encouraging to the others.
Kaori: "Now, then! Did everyone eat a lot of lunch? Tell me how much you ate, I'd love to know!"
Not wanting the sadness to take over, I put extra pep into my voice.
====================scr00406.kgo====================
Yasuko: "Ahh...I sure could go for somethin' sweet..."
Yamanouchi looks up from her reports all of a sudden and whispers that.
Kaori: "Hwah?"
Yasuko: "But I'm on a diet..."
Nagisa: "You're on a diet, Yamanouchi?"
Yasuko: "Of course I am -- I'm a debutante! A debutante who isn't always on a diet is a phony debutante, y'hear?!"
Kaori: "Urgh..."
Should I make fun of her for using the word "debutante,"
confess to being a fake debutante, or just ignore it all... While I'm mulling over my options, Yamanouchi brings the conversation to us.
Yasuko: "You two getting' any dietin' in?"
Nagisa: "Not particularly..."
Yamanouchi lets out a big, dramatic shrug of her shoulders when she hears that.
Yasuko: "Looks like we got us a phony debutante on our hands! You gotta always be on a diet -- it's common knowledge! Diets are a critical conversation topic among debutantes, y'hear?"
Nagisa: "Debutantes...? Yamanouchi, how old are you?"
Senpai came out swinging in my stead! Yamanouchi, however, just ignores Senpai's exasperated question and shoots me a look.
Yasuko: "You, Sawai?"
With her inquiring eyes on me, I look down.
Kaori: "I, um...I tried dieting. But it never worked out..."
Yasuko: "Ohh, so you're a dieter, too, huh? What kinda diets did you try?"
Kaori: "You know, the kinds where you don't eat carbs, or just eat a bunch of apples. Oh, I tried this one where you ate bananas in the morning, too."
Yasuko: "Well, of course those didn't work out! Those're made NOT to work!"
Kaori: "Huh?! Really?!"
Yasuko: "Diets where you only eat one thing, or diets where you stop eating a group o' foods are nothing but trouble!"
I find myself overwhelmed by Yamanouchi's enthusiasm.
Kaori: "S-Seriously?"
Yasuko: "You try those diets and sure, you'll lose weight for a bit. But...you're going to gain that weight back, 100\% o' the time! And ya did, didn't you?"
Kaori: "Y-Yeah, I did! I gained weight every time I tried dieting!"
When I lean over enthusiastically, Yamanouchi nods.
Yasuko: "Well, you're a nurse, so try to remember the lectures you had in school. The basics o' dieting are applyin' the nutritional and life sciences."
Kaori: "Like what, for example?"
Yasuko: "For example, when you skip out on meals, you lose weight. And why's that?"
Kaori: "Er...because the calories you take in are lower than the calories you spend?"
Yasuko: "Right. You'd think the basics of dieting is balancin' yer calorie intake and calorie usage, right? But there's a trap hidin' smack in the middle o' in that equation!"
Yasuko: "When you drop your calorie intake, your body goes into energy savin' mode. And when it does that, it uses up less calories."
Yasuko: "Basically, yer basal metabolism drops. And when that drops, it means yer muscles all over just thin out."
Yasuko: "And when you finish up your diet and go back to eating as normal with your metabolism lower, what happens?"
Kaori: "Your calorie intake gets a lot higher than your usage..."
Yasuko: "Yep! The reason they say ya gotta exercise is to make sure ya don't lose muscle -- that's where yer nutrients get burned."
Yasuko: "So, Sawai, you remember the three main macronutrients?"
Kaori: "Er..."
They don't immediately come to mind. I look at Senpai with pleading eyes, and she folds with a sigh.
Nagisa: "...Carbohydrates, protein, and fats."
Yasuko: "You got it. Protein makes up our cells -- lose this, and your muscles fade away. That makes your metabolism drop."
Yasuko: "Carbs are energy for your muscles and brain. Lose out on these and you won't be able to move much, and yer mind's gonna be that much slower."
Yasuko: "And fat...well, missing out on this for a while ain't gonna do nothin' right away."
Yasuko: "And wantin' to lose weight means you want to drop the fat on yer body, right? So if ya take in less fat, you'll slim down..."
Kaori: "Wait, really?"
Yamanouchi grinned.
Yasuko: "Yer dead wrong!"
Kaori: "Hwah?!"
Yasuko: "That idea's more dead wrong than eatin' a buttery cream cake with honeyed chocolate syrup on top when you're tryin' to shave off the pounds!"
Nagisa: "Yeesh, talk about heartburn..."
Yasuko: "Most of the fat on yer body is made from unused glucose! Carbs!"
Kaori: "Wh-What?!"
Yasuko: "Glucose is made to be used up real fast, but it ain't built to be stored up."
Yasuko: "Which means your body stores it up as useless meat just to store it! That's what body fat is!"
Kaori: "O-Oh...r-right..."
Yasuko: "That's why diets that're all about gettin' rid of fats never work out. Makes yer skin all dry, and yer joints all creaky."
I...I had no idea...
Kaori: "So you can't eat less carbs, you can't eat less protein, you can't eat less fats..."
Nagisa: "Ridiculous. Just make sure you eat in moderation so you don't have to diet in the first place!"
Gah! Of course Senpai would say that -- she never gains weight...
Yasuko: "Yeah, if we're going with extremes. Which is why ya always gotta diet. Diet the day after you eat too much and balance things up that way."
Kaori: "Ohh, I see..."
I take a look at Yamanouchi. She DID eat quite a bit when I was helping her with her manuscript. And what's more, she has such an unhealthy lifestyle, pulling all nighters...but how does she keep up proportions like those...?
Yasuko: "...What's up, Sawai? Why the stares? Yer gonna make a girl blush."
Yamanouchi grins at me.
Yasuko: "But y'know, I could understand starin' at a bod like mine!"
Nagisa: "...You're going to come out and say that yourself?"
Yasuko: "What's that, Fujisawa? Is that jealousy I hear? Well, you do got a pretty sorry chest."
Nagisa: "!!"
Senpai hides her chest with both hands.
Yasuko: "Now don't go and do that, Fujisawa. Gettin' looked at is what makes a woman beautiful! C'mon, puff yer chest out proud!"
Nagisa: "Eep!"
Yamanouchi gives Senpai a hearty slap on the back. And then...!
Yasuko: "Gimme a sec."
Yamanouchi...she actually... Grabbed Senpai's breasts!
Nagisa: "......!"
Yasuko: "Whoa, I thought they'd be pretty tough, but they're soft as they need to be!"
Nagisa: "Ghhh...!"
Kaori: "Wh-Wh-What do you think you're doing?!"
Yasuko: "What am I...? Er...a fat check!"
Yamanouchi grins as she unsettlingly opens and closes her hands.
Yasuko: "Hard fat don't flow too well, but soft fat'll make a real nice shape. C'mon, Sawai, give it 'em a touch."
Yamanouchi takes my hand, pulls it in, and I...touch Senpai's breast.
Yasuko: "Soft, ain't it?"
Kaori: "...Yeah."
It was pretty soft. It was kind of...jiggly...? Ami's breasts were soft, too, but Senpai's are on a whole different level...!
Yasuko: "When yer puttin' on your bra, you stick your hand over on the opposite side and...lift up like this, right? "
Kaori: "L-Like...this?"
As Yamanouchi describes, I try holding up my chest with my left hand, and stuffing the skin beneath my armpit under the bra with my right hand.
Yasuko: "Yeah, like that! Man, you pick things up real fast, Sawai. You don't do that, Fujisawa?"
Nagisa: "...Tch. I'm too small for it to matter, hmph."
Yasuko: "C'mon, no need to get all fussy. You wanna get your bust care in order when yer still young!"
Yasuko: "You wanna have good lookin' breasts, doncha? And bein' flat's got its appeal, but at the end of the day, I really like 'em big."
Nagisa: "I didn't ask what you were into!"
Yasuko: "Whoa, Fujisawa, way to not be cute. How ‘bout you take a page out of Sawai’s book?"
Ignoring Senpai and Yamanouchi going at it, this time I try holding up my right breast with my right hand and putting it in with my left...
Yasuko: "You're real good at this, Sawai! Give it about 2 or 3 years and you'll be just the type o' busty babe I love, ripe 'n ready!"
Nagisa: "Ripe and ready?"
Kaori: "Hwah? Did you say something?"
Yasuko: "Hm? I was just talkin' about how it's best to learn by doin'."
Really?
Yasuko: "Just changing the way you put on your bra'll change how your breasts look in ten years!"
???: "I'd honestly prefer you worry about today's work instead of how your breasts look ten years from now."
!! I turn around to see the Chief standing there.
Yasuko: "O-Oh, ya got it all wrong, Chief! I'm workin'! Now, back to my duties!"
Sounding a little too put on, Yamanouchi leaves the nurses station. The Chief then looks at Senpai and I as if she wants to say something, but leaves in silence.
Nagisa: "......"
Kaori: "......"
We're the only ones left in the nurses station. There's a tug at my uniform. Senpai asks me a question, red-faced as can be.
Nagisa: "Sawai...were my breasts really that soft...?"
What am I supposed to say to that...?!
Kaori: "U-Um..."
She must have been really embarrassed, because Senpai's eyes are tearing up.
Kaori: "Er... Do you want to touch mine, too...?"
Wait, what am I going on about?! However.
Nagisa: "...Yeah."
Senpai smiles bashfully back at me, so there's no way I can take it back...
Nagisa: "All right...here goes..."
First, she pokes my breast a bit with her finger, then holds them up from below.
Kaori: "W-Well...what do you think?"
Nagisa: "Y-Yeah, they're...pretty soft..."
This is really embarrassing, so neither of us can look each other in the eyes... But since I touched her, we're even now.
Nagisa: "Hey, don't do any weird diets, all right? Like, those'd just shrink your boobs."
Kaori: "Y-Yeah, you're right."
It's the same nurses station it's always been, but for some reason, it feels like a totally different place now.
Nagisa: "Hey, I'll study up on some ways to put on a bra and teach you, so...don't ask Yamanouchi, okay...?"
I don't really know what she meant by that, but since she said it with such a serious voice and a red face, I decided to nod.
====================scr00407.kgo====================
Hatsumi: "Everyone, I need you to stop what you're doing and listen to me!"
I'm tending to my afternoon work when the Chief hurries into the station, seeming tense.
Hatsumi: "We're getting a diabetic child who had a hypoglycemic episode carried into the ER. "
Hatsumi: "There's not enough staff free in the outpatient ward, so she may end up carried directly to this ward."
The Chief looks over at Senpai.
Hatsumi: "It won't be easy, but...Fujisawa, can you take Sawai and go to the outpatient ward?"
Nagisa: "Yes, ma'am!"
Kaori: "M-Me, too?!"
Hatsumi: "This will be a valuable experience. Your preceptor is taking action, so I need you to follow her."
Kaori: "Y-Yes ma'am!"
Nagisa: "A kid with a hypoglycemic episode...I have a bad feeling about this..."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Senpai's whisper worries me, too. I want to ask her about it, but I'm too afraid of her answer, so I can't ask what she means...
Nagisa: "Sawai, they've probably finished what they need to do with her in the outpatient ward. In this case, there's no medical action we need to take."
Kaori: "R-Right."
We've hurried down the stairs and made it to the first floor.
Nagisa: "...And even if they haven't finished working on her, make sure you don't freak out, all right?"
Kaori: "...All right."
Senpai's words just make me more worried. And then...
Nagisa: "Sorry for the wait -- I'm Fujisawa, from internal medicine. I've come to get the child that came in through the ER!"
Outpatient Nurse A: "She's this way!"
We run after the outpatient nurse. There was a woman who seemed on the brink of madness in the lobby.
???: "Is she...is she going to be all right?!"
Outpatient Nurse B: "Ma'am, please, I need you to calm down! She's being treated right now!"
I've seen the woman being comforted by that nurse somewhere before...
???: "It's all because I took my eyes off of her! It's all my fault! Please, save my Kohaku!"
!! That's Kohaku's mother?! Wait, does that mean the girl carried in by the ambulance was...Kohaku?!
Outpatient Nurse A: "Try sitting down here, ma'am."
Kohaku's Mother: "Is she going to be all right? She's still so little, but she was shaking so much...!"
Outpatient Nurse A: "The staff are working on her as we speak. So please, wait here!"
The nurse sounds pretty irritated......And I feel really bad for Kohaku's mother, having to deal with that...
Nagisa: "U-Um, excuse me, I'm Fujisawa, from internal medicine! Is there anything I can do to help?!"
Outpatient Nurse B: "Go on inside, then! The patient's spasms are out of control -- we need all the help we can get!"
Senpai goes into the emergency room. When I try to go in after her, the nurse who was being cold to Kohaku's mother stops me.
Outpatient Nurse A: "You there, can you take care of the mother?"
Kaori: "M-Me?!"
That's when I notice that Kohaku's mother, at the end of her rope, is about to collapse to the ground. I scramble to hold her up and sit her down on a nearby bench. While I take care of her, the other nurses go after Senpai into the ER. When the door closes, Kohaku's mother and myself are the only people left in the waiting room...
Kaori: "S-So...what happened to...?"
Kohaku's Mother: "I'm so, so sorry...I didn't check up on her properly, I just...I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry..."
Kaori: "Ma'am?"
Kohaku's Mother: "She's a good kid, a diligent kid, so I thought she would be all right...! Ahh, what should I do?!"
It doesn't seem like Kohaku's mother can see me. She just goes on talking to no one in particular.
Kohaku's Mother: "I believed what she said! I believed her when I should have checked her blood sugar myself!"
Kohaku's Mother: "I'm sorry, please, don't take her away...!"
She clasps her hands and desperately prays for her daughter and the staff operating on her in the ER....I can't even say anything to make her feel better... I softly hug her trembling shoulders. She keeps on whispering prayers and words of self blame....How much time has passed since then? Eventually, the ER door opens, and the outpatient nurses come out. They roll out Kohaku on a stretcher.
Kohaku's Mother: "Kohaku!"
When Kohaku's mother tried to go up to the stretcher, the nurses stop her.
Outpatient Nurse A: "Ma'am, the doctor has something he needs to talk to you about. Please, right this way..."
Kohaku's Mother: "But what happened to Kohaku?! How is she?!"
Outpatient Nurse A: "The doctor is about to explain that!"
She seems awfully irritated. Can't she be a little nicer? Does she not know that she's really worried since her daughter collapsed on her?
Nagisa: "Sawai, let's bring Kohaku up to the ward."
Senpai looks a little tired. And when I look at Kohaku...
Kaori: "...!"
Her face is pale, her eyes are half open and bloodshot, and drool is dribbling from her open mouth... But she looked so healthy when she left the hospital! She was smiling with such spirit just two days ago! How did this happen so quickly...?!
Outpatient Nurse B: "Please bring the patient up to their room. Hook her up to an IV; you'll get more details when the doctor gets up to the third floor."
Nagisa: "All right. Sawai, let's get going."
Kaori: "A-All right..."
After watching the Kohaku's mother stagger into the ER, supported by nurses, I help Senpai bring the pale-faced Kohaku up to our ward. We put Kohaku in room 301 for starters, and she seems stable. Unconscious, but stable. Her mother went into a panic in the outpatient ward and collapsed. She's still down there, getting an IV. The Chief explained what she imagined happened to Kohaku, adding that since she couldn't ask her mother for the details, this was conjecture.
Hatsumi: "Kohaku didn't check her blood sugar much after leaving the hospital, it looks like."
Hatsumi: "And since she's so responsible for her age, her parents let themselves believe she had it all under control and didn't check on her."
Hatsumi: "She seemed a little ill last night, so her mother thought she might have low blood sugar and gave her some chocolate before she went to bed..."
Hatsumi: "She didn't wake up in the morning, so her mother checked her blood sugar to find it immeasurable."
Hatsumi: "So in a panic, she brought her to a neighborhood doctor, who lowered her blood sugar with insulin. She did not, however, ask what medicine he used."
Hatsumi: "Using a double shot of insulin gave her a hypoglycemic episode, spasms and all, and she was carried here by ambulance..."
Nagisa: "...D-Did I not teach the patient well enough...?"
Senpai's face is as pale as a sheet, and tears have welled up in her eyes.
Hatsumi: "I couldn't say. The mother was a bit optimistic, and that worked against her here."
Yasuko: "But what happened happened. If you'd have taught ‘em what to do with her mother’s optimism in mind, the girl mighta avoided this."
Nagisa: "...!"
Senpai dashes out of the nurses station, crying. I try to go after her, but the Chief catches my arm. She gently shakes her head at me.
Hatsumi: "...Give her some time by herself. You don't look like you're at your best, either."
Kaori: "......"
I can't get the image of Kohaku's face out of my head.
Kaori: "What's...going to happen to Kohaku?"
Hatsumi: "No one can say. She might regain consciousness, and she might not."
Hatsumi: "And even if she does regain consciousness, there's no guarantee she'll go back to normal. She may end up with cranial nerve damage...and all the permanent symptoms that follow."
When I hear the Chief coldly lay out facts, without a hint of warmth in her voice...something inside me explodes.
Kaori: "Chief, how can you be okay with all of this?! Kohaku, she...just two days ago, she was so full of life!"
Hatsumi: "The facts are what they are. And you shouting isn't going to wake Kohaku up."
Kaori: "But...!"
I nearly burst into tears. How can the Chief stay so calm?
Hatsumi: "Calm down. A nurse has to stay calm. You know who suffers the most when you aren't? The patients."
Kaori: "......"
Hatsumi: "Right now, there's not a thing we can do. Nothing but pray that she wakes up....That's how powerless we are, here."
Her whispers pierce into my chest. Yamanouchi is silently looking through the window at the sea outside. I'm sure Senpai is crying tears of regret where no one can see her. And I...
Kaori: "......"
...do all that I can, like the Chief said: pray that Kohaku gets better.
====================scr00408.kgo====================
After being rushed to the hospital last night, Kohaku managed to regain consciousness and is to return to room 306 from today. She seems to have a bit of cranial nerve damage, so she'll have to stay in bed for a few days, but being around familiar faces like Ami and Hiro is keeping her mental state stable. Senpai seems to have really bounced back from her depression yesterday, and she walks through the ward with a spring in her step. And I......I'm the only one who's still dragging it with me.
Hatsumi: "Sawai, do you have a moment?"
The Chief beckons to me.
Kaori: "Coming..."
I wonder if she's going to yell at me again...? I've been spacing out all day today, and I made trouble for Miss Sakai, so I'm sure she's going to chew me out... I might even get fired...
Hatsumi: "...Drink this."
She places a can of milk tea in front of me.
Kaori: "Wh...?"
Hatsumi: "......"
I look her in the eyes, but her expression is as neutral as ever. I can't tell what she's thinking.
Kaori: "Um...?"
Hatsumi: "...I'm sorry."
Kaori: "Sorry?"
Hatsumi: "It was too early to send you to the outpatient ward yesterday. I made a mistake of judgement -- I'm sorry."
Kaori: "Chief?"
I'm really confused.
Hatsumi: "You're still new, so I should have expected you to get shocked at the sight of an ER patient."
Kaori: "Chief..."
Hatsumi: "...The shock hit you hard, didn't you? Thinking that you couldn't do anything..."
That hits hard.
Hatsumi: "But there's nothing wrong with that. No one in your shoes wouldn't be shocked, and it's completely acceptable that you couldn't do anything."
Kaori: "...But all I did was sit next to her mother..."
Kaori: "Senpai'd gone into the ER to treat Kohaku, but I couldn't do anything for her...I couldn't even say anything to calm her mother down...!"
Tears suddenly stream down my face. I couldn't cry yesterday even if I wanted to, so why are the tears coming now...?! The Chief comes over to my side and gently puts her arm around my shoulder.
Hatsumi: "...Being a good nurse doesn't always mean doing something. Sometimes, the best thing you can do...is nothing."
Kaori: "...Do...nothing...?"
Hatsumi: "Right. Saying nothing, asking nothing, just being silently by their side. That, too, is an important part of nursing."
Hatsumi: "I can easily imagine the frenzy her mother must have been in. She must not have been able to even see you. Hear you, either."
Hatsumi: "But if you weren't there, she might have burst into the emergency room, thrown the staff into confusion...and after that, Kohaku might not have made it."
Hatsumi: "And with that in mind, someone had to be with her. That someone just happened to be you. You fulfilled a key duty as a nurse."
Kaori: "...Really...? Do you really think that?"
Hatsumi: "...I don't say what I don't think."
The Chief chuckles. With a teary smile on my face, I reach out to the milk tea she'd given me.
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi gave me a scolding. She said I'd nearly forgotten the soft heart I had when I was new..."
Hatsumi: "Oh, and that tea's from Fujisawa. She's worried that she couldn't be there for you. You have yourself a good Senpai."
The tears I'd finally stopped burst back out again.
Kaori: "...Thank you."
I hide my face with the can. These tears of joy ARE a little embarrassing.
Hatsumi: "Well, I'll be getting back to work. You can rest here until you finish that."
Hatsumi: "But when you do, make sure you wash your face. I'm not about to let you go to our patients looking like that."
She says it with her usual strict, cool tone. But I can feel the gentleness hiding behind it. They're so nice. The Chief, Yamanouchi, and Senpai, too. And me, I can barely keep myself afloat, or pay much attention to anything else...I still have a long way to go. And thinking of that is just depressing... I'll thank everyone later, then apologize to Miss Sakai and go check up on Kohaku. Then I'll go with Senpai to teach Kohaku and her mother -- specifically her mother -- how to control her blood sugar levels. I drink down the milk tea and slowly stand up.
====================scr00409.kgo====================
Urgh....I have the feeling that lately, when I come back to the station, the nurse call rings...
Kaori: "All right, let's answer...hwah?!"
What's worse, the call is from room 311 -- Miss Sakai's room! And I was just there! ...Is she doing this just to mess with me? But I can't just ignore it.
Kaori: "Hello, what seems to be the issue?"
Sayuri: "I have a nosebleed."
A nosebleed?!
Kaori: "I-I'll be right there!"
Er, how do you deal with a nosebleed again?!
Sayuri: "Come in."
Kaori: "Miss Sakai! Is your nose all right?!"
Sayuri: "...If it were, I wouldn't have called."
Kaori: "O-Oh...yeah, you're right..."
She's as mean as ever, yeesh....W-Wait, what am I going to...ahh! Blood! Her hands are covered in blood!
Kaori: "Eeep! Blood! Your blood's red!!"
I panic so greatly that I say something completely obvious!
Sayuri: "...Wait. Don't tell me you're a nurse who's afraid of blood."
Kaori: "Wh-Wh-What do I do?! There's...there's so much blood...!"
Sayuri: "*Siiiiigh*......"
Kaori: "Urgh..."
She just let out a...really huge sigh on me.
Sayuri: "Get about three of those tissues."
Kaori: "O-Oh, okay."
Miss Sakai holds the tissues I bring her in her bloody right hand and squeezes her nose tight. She holds her bloodied left hand out to me.
Sayuri: "Could you wipe it down for me?"
Kaori: "Uwah?"
Sayuri: "Because I can't touch anything like this."
Oh. She's right. I wipe down her hand with a dry tissue, trying to soak up all the blood I can, then I wipe it down with a wet tissue to tidy it up. Single rooms sure are handy at times like these. They're small, but they have their own sinks.
Kaori: "Want me to wipe down your right?"
Sayuri: "...I'd appreciate it."
She switches the hand on her nose and holds out her right hand. Huh? ...She just did it, without arguing? Does she not resist after she's asked someone to do something she can't? After I finish wiping her hands down, I look up at her to see that she's holding her face up just a little, holding her nasal root.
Kaori: "...Has the bleeding stopped?"
Her eyebrows furrow in irritation.
Sayuri: "Have you not studied how to deal with nosebleeds?"
Uwah! That look she's giving me... She's definitely mocking me again...
Sayuri: "When dealing with a nosebleed, you apply pressure to the Kiesselbach's plexus to stop the bleeding. The basics of the basics."
Kiesselbach's...oh, come to think of it, I learned this in nursing school. There's plenty of blood vessels in the Kiesselbach's plexus in the nasal septum, so a ton of blood gushes out if one of the vessels gets cut just a little bit...I think?
Sayuri: "Really, you want to cool the Kiesselbach's plexus while applying pressure, but...there's no point in expecting that from you."
Urgh...that was harsh... I mean, it's my fault for not thinking of that. I didn't actually bring anything to cool her off.
Sayuri: "Oh, and another basic thing for nurses to do is instruct patients not to look up too much, to make sure the blood from the back of the nose doesn't flow into the mouth."
She's right, that is basic...
Sayuri: "Oh, and yet another basic thing for nurses to tell patients is that when you ease up the pressure after thinking the bleeding's stopped, it'll just start again."
Kaori: "...Ahh..."
Sayuri: "...A ditz like you is a nurse, and I'm just a regular person. This world just makes no sense..."
Kaori: "S-Sorry..."
Feeling like I can't just stand there, I find myself apologizing.
Sayuri: "...You don't need to apologize...and I was fine because I happened to know what to do, but make sure you actually help the other patients."
Kaori: "...Yeah."
She's right. Miss Sakai happened to know what to do, so she ended up fine even though all I did was panic. But if she was a regular patient, she'd just keep on bleeding and we'd both panic.
Sayuri: "I can take care of the rest myself....You can go back."
Kaori: "...I'll come back to take your blood pressure later..."
Am I...really doing my job as a nurse? Like, my patient just taught me what to do... She's a nursing school student, so even if you'd expect her to have more medical knowledge than a regular person, she just knows so much more than me...and is a lot more like a nurse, to boot. Though I've got to work a lot harder, myself.
Kaori: "...*Sigh*."
And I know that, but.
Kaori: "*Sigh*..."
It's just so depressing...
====================scr00410.kgo====================
As I make my logs for the day in the nurses station, the Chief comes in looking concerned.
Kaori: "...is something the matter?"
Hatsumi: "Hello, Sawai. Take care of this for me, will you?"
Kaori: "Um?"
I don't even think before taking it. It's cold, and has something written on the front.
Kaori: "Is this blood for a transfusion...?"
Hatsumi: "Her peripheral blood data is no good, and she's suffering from anemia. For the time being, we'll increase her red blood cell count."
Kaori: "Increase her red blood cells..."
Hatsumi: "We're going to inject some leukoreduced blood into her and try to boost her red blood cell count. Got it? Good. Then get her route set up."
Kaori: "O-Okay!"
I'm not exactly sure what's going on, but it seems like Miss Sakai is getting a blood transfusion. Leukoreduced blood is made specially for transfusions, right? Whatever the case may be, I have to insert a needle into Miss Sakai and make sure the route gets the blood flowing into her smoothly, right?
Sayuri: "..."
Kaori: "I'm sorry..."
Miss Sakai's veins are so thin that I can't find a good route for the needle. Not with my skills, anyway.
Sayuri: "Do you know the name of my disease?"
Kaori: "Yes, it's aplastic anemia..."
Sayuri: "Wow, I didn't think you'd know that. I mean, look at you. You're wasting the few red blood cells I have by stabbing me with the needle and making me bleed."
Kaori: "I-I'm sorry..."
Sayuri: "So, did you know that when the platelet value is low, it's much harder to stop bleeding?"
Kaori: "Y-Yes, I know that."
Sayuri: "Oh, so you even knew that. So you stabbed me with that needle even knowing it'd be difficult to stop me from bleeding."
Kaori: "I'm sorry..."
Ughhh... One mistake, and this is what I get. It's only fair, though. Patients experience pain every time we stick a needle in them. Each time I fail, they have to experience even more pain.
Kaori: "I'm so sorry."
Sayuri: "If saying sorry was all it took to solve things, we wouldn't need police...'"
Ugh... I'm dying here, I can't take this. I need to get someone to step in for me.
Kaori: "I'm going to get another nurse to step in for me. Please wait for just a moment."
Sayuri: "You should have done that in the first place."
Urgh. Mean to the very last second I'm with her.
Kaori: "So Senpai, please do me this favor!"
Nagisa: "No, no, no! Oh, did I tell you no?"
Kaori: "Please, could you help me out? You're my preceptor and senpai! Please!"
Nagisa: "I'm only in my second year! I'm fresh out of diapers, so to speak. Besides, I hate needles!"
Nagisa: "Plus, you're routing a blood transfusion, aren't you? That kind of stuff is WAY too hard when the patient has Blutarmut! Absolutely, unquestionably, no way, no how!"
Kaori: "Blutarmut?"
Hatsumi: "It's German for anemia."
Really...
Nagisa: "People with anemia already have thin veins! That's a huge jump in difficulty trying to insert a needle right there! No way, not now, not ever!"
Senpai just won't budge. At my wits' end, I look over to the chief....hm? The Chief? That's right! I should have just asked the Chief from the get-go. She always fixed my IV needles for me when I messed them up, after all!
Kaori: "Umm... You heard Senpai, so do you think you could do me this huge favor?"
Nagisa: "Do it for me, too, Chief!"
We both bow deeply to her. She looks upset at first, but the more Senpai and I bow to her, the more she realizes that this is her only choice! The Chief is a sure bet. She already successfully gave Miss Sakai a drip the other day!
Kaori: "Please, Chief!"
Hatsumi: "What am I ever going to do with you two?"
Hatsumi gets up with a big sigh.
Hatsumi: "Are the materials prepared?"
Kaori: "Yes! The blood bag and route materials are in the room, so here are some new needles and wraps! Oh, and band-aids and surface protection film, too!"
Hatsumi: "Let's see..."
The Chief checks every item on the tray.
Hatsumi: "...Sawai?"
Was that another sigh just now? Did I make another mistake?
Hatsumi: "Why did you prepare this 22G black needle?"
Kaori: "Um... Because we always use a 22G..."
Hatsumi: "Those are for drips. This is a transfusion. The red blood cells have to travel through the needle, you know?"
Now that she mentions it, she's right.
Hatsumi: "You can use a 22G if you want, but it'll get clogged right away. Every time it gets clogged, you have to put the needle in again."
Right... So you have to adjust the thickness of the needle depending on whether you do a drip or a blood transfusion.
Hatsumi: "That's the problem. Use a thicker needle when doing transfusions, like the 18G pink needle."
Kaori: "I will! I'm so sorry!"
Hatsumi: "And you, Fujisawa. You're her preceptor. You should have told her as much. At least check the tools before you refuse to help her."
Nagisa: "...Sorry."
Oh, I'm so sorry I dragged you into this, Senpai. The Chief yelled at you because of me.
Hatsumi: "All right, let's go. I'll show you how it's done, so come along. You can pout about your mistakes later."
I shouldn't have expected anything less from the Chief. In a matter of seconds, she fishes out a thin vein and inserts the needle, securing it in place for the transfusion. I'm impressed with her dexterity, but depressed by it at the same time. So this is the difference experience makes, huh?
Hatsumi: "I know you're trying your hardest, Sawai, but you don't have a proper grasp on the basics yet."
Urgh, she's criticizing my fundamental knowledge now!
Hatsumi: "Work is almost over for the day. We'll have a little study session at my place later, so get your butt in there later."
Kaori: "I would...like that very much."
The Chief's place... I wonder if she'll make me clean up again. I don't mind tidying up, though, so it's not really a big deal.
Nagisa: "What? Sawai and I were supposed to go out drinking tonight. She always does whatever you say though, Chief."
Hatsumi: "Fujisawa, you've got the basics down, but your practical application needs work. Don't think I don't know how hard you try, though."
Hatsumi: "Would you like to come to our study session, too?"
Nagisa: "No thank you. I have things to do tonight!"
Hatsumi: "I see. I won't force you, but if you have time, stop by."
So Nagisa won't be coming... That's unfortunate. After switching out shifts... Actually, isn't my locker pretty close to the Chief's in the changing room? Chief Hatsumi takes off her nurse uniform. Oh boy... I'm getting nervous.
Hatsumi: "So, Sawai. What kind of subjects were you weak at in at school?"
School... I had pretty bad grades all around. It's embarrassing to admit, but I can't lie to the Chief. Even if I did, she'd find out. I'll just tell the truth!
Kaori: "Actually, all of them!"
I turn around and find... Chief Hatsumi in her underwear! Th-That's some sexy lingerie...
Hatsumi: "Sawai? Are you okay?"
I know I shouldn't be looking, but I can't take my eyes off of her! Ohhhh! I can feel myself blushing! I'm definitely being weird right now!
Hatsumi: "Sawai, you're blushing."
Kaori: "I-I-It's nothing!"
Ughhh... Chief Hatsumi is going to think I'm so weird! Calm down! Dear heart of mine, please just relax!
Nagisa: "Sawai, what's all the hubbub...Chief?! Are you coming on to Sawai right now?!"
Hatsumi: "Coming on to her...? Of course not."
Nagisa: "G-Get yourself together, Sawai! What are you blushing for?!"
Kaori: "N-Nagisa, it's just...!"
How am I supposed to tell her I can't take my eyes off of the Chief in nothing but her underwear?!
Nagisa: "I'll be the one teaching Sawai tonight, so I'll bring her home with me."
Nagisa: "Your face is strangely flushed, so you might have a fever! Actually, it might even be worse than that!"
Hatsumi: "I'm okay with that, but didn't you say you had things to take care of today, Fujisawa?"
Nagisa: "Ummm!"
Hatsumi: "Besides, I'm taking her to my place to teach her the things that you failed to."
Nagisa: "Th-Then I'll just get going! Good work today! Good night!"
W-Wait a minute! Nagisa...?
Hatsumi: "Man, that Fujisawa... You're not going to run home, too, are you Sawai?"
Ummm... Chief Hatsumi doesn't seem to think I'm weird, and I don't really have a reason to not go to the study session...
Kaori: "N-No... I know you have a lot to teach me, Chief."
Yep, lots of stuff about being a nurse. But can't she hurry up and put on some clothes? I feel like I'm going to start imagining...a lot of things soon.
Hatsumi: "Please, Sawai. Come right in."
Kaori: "Don't mind if I do."
Kaori: "Oh..."
It looks like there's a lot left over from when I cleaned the other day.
Hatsumi: "Let's get right down to it. Sit wherever you like. I'll go put on some tea for us."
Her face is screaming "What do you think?"
I think it's pretty normal to keep your place tidy! But still, I spot a seat under a pile of books, so I clean them up and sit down. As soon as I park myself in the seat, a cup of tea is set in front of me. A subtle, relaxing aroma wafts up from the cup.
Hatsumi: "This is for the hard work you've done for me."
She smiles. I think this every time I see her in private, but the Chief has such a different air about her when she's not in her uniform. Not to mention the fact that she's wearing such sexy underwear underneath those clothes. Whoa there. I shouldn't be thinking about this stuff! Keep calm, keep cool.
Kaori: "Th-Thank you for the tea."
I'll drink some of this tea the Chief prepared for me to--
Kaori: "...?!"
What the heck is this?! What is this astringent, awful taste taking over my head?! It's not just on my tongue, either! To put it in medical terms, my oral mucosa is expanding and getting hot... It's burning!
Hatsumi: "Sawai?! Sawai, what's wrong?!"
In the end, I didn't learn anything that day. Chief, please tell me... Just how did you manage to make tea so terrible the mere taste of it nearly ruptured my brain cells?
====================scr00411.kgo====================
Nagisa: "Sawai, have you seen Ami?"
Nagisa asks me as soon as I walk into the nurses station.
Kaori: "Ami?"
Come to think of it, I haven't really seen her today.
Nagisa: "Ami wasn't around for me to take her vitals at lunch. Do you think you could if you have some free time?"
Kaori: "Yes, of course. I'll go do it right now."
Nagisa: "Sorry, and thanks!"
It's not like Ami to go missing when we're supposed to take her temperature. She's been in the hospital for a long time, so she knows how important it is for us to keep schedule. She's always in her room when we do rounds. She even takes care of other patients. She's a very conscientious girl.
Kaori: "Ami, are you in here?"
I peek inside the room. But just like Nagisa said, Ami isn't there.
Kaori: "Huh. Hey, have you seen Ami anywhere?"
I ask Sho, but he just shakes his head no.
Kaori: "I see. Thank you."
I leave the hospital room.
Kaori: "Oh, Hiro! Have you seen Ami?"
I spot Hiro in the hallway, so I decide to ask him, too. However...
Hiro: "Oh, I've seen Amin all right."
Kaori: "You do?! Where is she?!"
Hiro: "I've seen her before, but I don't know where she is now!"
Unbelievable.
Kaori: "Th-Thanks."
Let's see... Where does Ami usually go? Where would I go if I were Ami?
Kaori: "She's not here, either."
Just then, I spot a familiar face out of the corner of my eye.
Kaori: "Oh, Yamanouchi! Have you seen Ami?"
Yasuko: "Naw, I don't reckon I have. I just popped by the basement to get some X-Ray film, but I didn't see her down there."
Kaori: "Really... Thanks anyway."
Let down again. That's strike two. Where on earth could she have gone? Hmm, I've searched everywhere I could imagine she'd be. All that's left is...the bathroom, maybe? I think about going to check it out, until I look at my watch. She would have been back in her room by now if she just went to the bathroom, right? It's been a while since Nagisa went to check on her. Maybe I should go back to the hospital room.
Kaori: "Amiii?"
Kaori: "Still not here... Where could she have gone?"
I look around the room and see Sho, who looks like she really wants to say something.
Kaori: "Sho?"
I don't ask her anything, yet she shakes her head no at me. Something seems fishy about all this. As I stare at her, she shifts uncomfortably.
Kaori: "Sho, do you know something?"
Sho: "Mmm... Ummm..."
Kaori: "I promise not to tell anyone, so can you just tell me what you know?"
Sho: "Uhh... Umm..."
After a moment of awkward deliberation, he nods his head yes.
Sho: "Umm... Ami went to a secret place."
Kaori: "A secret place?"
Sho nods again.
Sho: "She's, umm... On the roof."
Kaori: "The roof?"
He puts his finger up to my lips.
Sho: "Shhh. It's a s-e-c-r-e-t. I only told you because you're my friend. Don't tell anyone else, okay?"
I can't hold back my smirk. Kids are so cute, aren't they?
Kaori: "Your secret is safe with me. Thanks for sharing."
Sho gives me a big smile. But the roof? No wonder I couldn't find her anywhere. I thought the roof was off-limits, though. Either way, I leave the hospital room and head up to the roof. I was told these stairs led to the hospital roof when I got my first tour of this place. But I'm pretty sure the Chief told me not to go up there because it wasn't used for anything. Is Ami really up on the roof? I push open the heavy door and notice it's not even locked. There she is! I see her there, right in front of me, and go to call out to her. But before I can, I hear a very soothing sound. Is that melody coming from Ami? Ami has some kind of keyboard instrument in front of her. She must be playing it to create this music I'm hearing. I slowly walk up to Ami, not wanting to startle her. She must see my shadow, because she stops and turns around.
Ami: "Oh, Kaori!"
Kaori: "Sorry to interrupt. That instrument is so mysterious, but it sounds beautiful."
Ami: "Ahem... Thanks! This is the forteleu I told you about."
Kaori: "So this is the forteleu... This is the instrument you specialize in, right?"
Ami: "That's right!"
She nods excitedly.
Ami: "We're not allowed to make too much noise in the hospital rooms, so sometimes I come up here to practice in secret. I know I'm supposed to stay in bed and rest, though."
Kaori: "Right."
I can't say I know much about music, but I have heard that people who want to be professional musicians have to practice every day. They say taking a break for just one day makes them worse. I bet Ami is worried about not being able to go to school and practice...
Ami: "Normally this instrument would be a lot bigger, but I can't bring something like that into the hospital. Even though this one is portable it's still really big, isn't it?"
Kaori: "Yeah, portable makes me think of something much smaller. It is a keyboard, so I guess this was as small as they could make it."
Ami: "It'd be great if I had a folding piano, but I've never seen a forteleu that folds."
Ami plays a bubbly melody. The clear sound get sucked up into the setting sun.
Kaori: "What a beautiful sound. It's so soothing."
Ami: "Some people call the forteleu the magic instrument, and that only people with magical powers can play it."
Kaori: "Magical powers, huh?"
Ami: "Yes, that's what they say. Although, seeing as I can play it, I doubt there's much truth to it."
Kaori: "Don't say that. I can't say for sure if it's magic, but the music you were playing before was wonderful."
Kaori: "I thought only someone like you could play that."
She looks up at me, the surprise clear in her eyes.
Ami: "Something only I could play?"
I nod with confidence.
Kaori: "That's right! It just seemed so...Ami-like! It's hard to explain..."
Kaori: "Bright, full of life, sweet, soft, warm. That's what I felt, and that's what made me think it was so you."
Ami: "Oh my... You're making me blush..."
She smiles bashfully with pink cheeks. Looks like she understands what I wanted to say.
Ami: "They actually say that the forteleu is, like, a mirror to the player's heart, too."
Ami: "If the musician's heart is impure, the notes'll be, too. If their heart's pure, then the notes will be as well, and truly reach the audience's ears."
Ami: "My teacher always told me that I shouldn't focus on just playing to please a crowd."
Ami looks off in the distance.
Ami: "When I was at school, I couldn't really understand my teacher."
Ami: "I was just trying so hard to improve my skills with the instrument, but I couldn't. It made me so sad."
Kaori: "Really..."
Ami: "Just now, I was playing without thinking of anything at all. I was just...appreciating the beauty of the setting sun and the town, feeling the wind on my skin."
Kaori: "So your feelings transferred into the instrument?"
Ami: "I guess so... I hope so..."
Kaori: "I'm sure that's what happened! It was truly a beautiful, crisp harmony!"
Ami: "Oh, you're embarrassing me. Umm... I'm not sure if this really counts as a thanks, but I'll play a request if you have one."
Kaori: "Wait, seriously?! Aw, what should I ask for... What would be good...?"
Coming up with something on the spot? Of course I can't decide. I like a lot of different songs, though. The one song I think would sound wonderful on the forteleu is...
Kaori: "Do you think you could play ‘Wings of Love’?"
Ami: "Oh, I know that one... I love that song."
Kaori: "You do?!"
A big smile spreads over her face.
Ami: "So I'll really put my mind to it for you, Kaorin... Wait, no. I'll put my heart into it."
Ami takes a deep breath. Her little, pale fingers rest on the keyboard... And a soft, harmonious melody begins to play, seeming to dance on the wind all around us. The pleasant sound rocks me back and forth, and I close my eyes as I sway to it. Even after she stops playing, I can't shake the astonishment it gave me, and stand in a daze.
Ami: "...aorin? Kaorin?"
When I come to, Ami is right in front of me, giving me a worried look.
Ami: "You didn't like it, huh?"
Seeing her shoulders droop, I quickly shake my head.
Kaori: "No, it's not that at all! How could I not like it? It was amazing! It really was!"
Kaori: "It was beautiful, and so relaxing. It made me forget where I even was."
Ami: "...glad to hear it."
I'm relieved to see that Ami is relieved.
Kaori: "Pro musicians are really something else. I don't even understand music, but I get sucked into their world when they play."
Ami: "I'm not a pro, though... I mean, I've thought about it, but... Oh, that's way too big of a compliment for me!"
Kaori: "But I'm being serious. I feel like it gave me the energy to do my best!"
Ami: "........."
Ami smiles calmly. It's such a mature smile. I thought she was just a child, but even Ami can look like this.
Kaori: "All right! Now I can really get to work this afternoon!"
Kaori: "Wait a second... OH NO!!!"
Ami flinches when I yell out.
Kaori: "I totally forgot why I came here! Ami, we have to do your afternoon vitals!"
Ami: "Oh, I'm so sorry! I was so absorbed in practice that I totally forgot!"
She rushes to put away her instrument.
Kaori: "There's no need to rush! I can wait for you, Ami."
Ami: "Oh no... You're so kind, Kaorin."
Kaori: "That's right! Kaorin is the nicest nurse ever!"
We share a laugh. Once she's finished packing, we walk at Ami's pace down the stairs and back inside. When we get back to the nurses station, I take her temperature and record it on the chart as I think back to that beautiful melody she played. Just thinking about it makes me smile.
Hatsumi: "So, Sawai. Are you done taking Miss Asada's temperature?"
Kaori: "Yes!"
Hatsumi: "Where did you find her, anyway? Fujisawa was looking all over for her."
Kaori: "Umm..."
I'm not sure whether or not I should tell the Chief about the roof or not. It's against the rules to go up to the roof, I know that. If anyone finds out a patient was up there, and no less with a nurse like me, it'll be a big problem. In order to mitigate that, I should tell the Chief about it, but......the Chief might end up completely locking off access to the roof. Then Ami's happy place will be gone forever. Should I stay silent, or tell the Chief? Don't say anything. Tell the Chief. After some careful thought, I decide not to mention the roof. I can't help but think abut how comfortable Ami looked while she played the Forteleu up there. Ami might hate me forever if I get the door to the roof locked on her.
Kaori: "Umm... Ami was... I mean Miss Asada was...in the bathroom! She just took a long time today...!"
Hatsumi: "The bathroom? Oh... Okay then."
The Chief eyes me suspiciously, but doesn't say anything else before walking away. Once she's gone, I let out a deep sigh. She's definitely going to be pissed if she finds out about this later. Is this really going to be all right? Yeah... It'll be fine! After a moment of thought, I decide to tell her about it. I'm sure the Chief will understand.
Kaori: "Ami was... I mean Miss Asada was... Umm... On the roof."
Hatsumi: "On the roof?"
Kaori: "Oh, she wasn't doing anything dangerous. She was just up there to practice her instrument."
Hatsumi: "...I see."
The Chief stops to think for a moment.
Yasuko: "I thought that the roof was off-limits. Is that really all right now, Chief?"
Yamanouchi puts her pen down from the medical records she's writing to chime in.
Hatsumi: "The regulations are to forbid anyone from going up on the roof."
Yasuko: "I mean, ain't it bad enough that a patient with Nephrotic Syndrome is wilin' around instead of bein' in bed?"
Hatsumi: "..."
The Chief falls silent in thought. Ugh... Maybe I shouldn't have told her after all...
Hatsumi: "The fence on the roof is pretty short, so there's a risk of falling. This building is also relatively old, compared to the other ones. You do understand that, don't you?"
Ugh... I didn't think about that at all! What should I say to her? There's no way I can get anything past the Chief, so I might as well just tell the truth.
Kaori: "To be honest, I didn't think of that. However, the roof serves as a place of relaxation for our patients."
Yasuko: "A place of relaxation?"
Yamanouchi smiles. I hope it's just my imagination that it seems like she's trying to mess with me. No, it's not. She's completely fed up with me.
Yasuko: "I wonder who's gonna be the one to take responsibility if somebody whoopdeedoo's 'emselves right off that roof!"
Kaori: "Uh..."
I'm startled.
Yasuko: "Whether it's jumpin' or slippin', it don't matter. Whose fault would that be now?"
Kaori: "......"
Yasuko: "We all know jumpin' and slippin' would be the fault of the patient, but folks on the outside ain't gonna see it that way."
Yasuko: "The news is gonna be on our backs for weeks saying our hospital is careless, then before long, we'll be an empty ole ghost hospital."
Kaori: "N-No way..."
Yasuko: "Most folks think of hospitals as pristine places. Dirty that image and it'll affect the bottom line, you understand that?"
Yasuko: "It's certainly nice to have a restful place for them patients, but it just don't match up to the potential catastrophe we might face if somethin' goes wrong."
The Chief looks even more determined after hearing that.
Kaori: "Then what am I supposed to do about Ami?"
The Chief looks very perturbed by the whole idea, and after a brief look of pity, she turns to me with that hard, stern look she always has.
Hatsumi: "Miss Asada is here to receive treatment. This isn't for relaxation or practicing her instruments."
Kaori: "B-But...!"
Hatsumi: "Miss Asada is supposed to be in bed at all times. Letting her go on to the roof, and then justifying her even getting out of bed in the first place is so incredulous of you."
Hatsumi: "It's good to be close to the patients, but you are their nurse. Do not forget your duty as one."
Kaori: "......"
Hatsumi: "Starting today, the door to the roof will be locked off. From now on, unless authorized personnel have permission, taking patients up to the roof is strictly forbidden."
Hatsumi: "We'll put Miss Asada's recital practice on hold until her condition improves. Do you understand?"
Kaori: "......"
I understand the logic to all of that. But my heart just can't accept it. However, the Chief turns and walks out of the nurses station as if to declare the end of our conversation. I, on the other hand...
Yasuko: "Well, that's how it is. It's completely your fault, Sawai. It woulda been too late if somethin' happened to the poor girl, ain't that right?"
Yamanouchi pats me on the shoulder, then follows the Chief out of the nurses office. Thanks to my carelessness, Ami's happy place is gone forever.
Kaori: "Ami..."
So, I go to her room to apologize. When I get there, however, I hear the Chief's voice come from inside room 306.
Hatsumi: "Which is why we need you to rest, Miss Asada. If you don't rest, you won't get better."
Hatsumi: "I understand staying in a hospital can be boring and that you're worried about keeping up practice with your instrument."
Hatsumi: "but in your condition it's very important that you get as much rest as possible."
Ami: "...*Sniff*..."
Is Ami crying?
Hatsumi: "We let you go up there last time because you were only in for a stomachache and no one else was going up to use the roof."
Hatsumi: "But this time you're in here with Nephrotic Syndrome. Other patients are starting to notice the roof, too."
Hatsumi: "I'm forced to close off access to it now. Do you understand?"
Ami: "...yes..."
Hatsumi: "Don't worry. Once you're feeling better, I'll give the nurses permission to take you up there. Just hold on for now, okay?"
Ami: "Okay... I'm sorry..."
Ami... In the end, maybe this really was best for Ami's recovery. But......it certainly doesn't leave a good taste in my mouth.
Kaori: "......"
I imagine Ami smiling with the wind in her hair as she plays her forteleu for just a moment, but the image quickly fades.
====================scr00413.kgo====================
???: "Listen to me -- you are a nurse of internal medicine, and on your second year at that, and I would have you act the part! Take more responsibility for your job!"
Huh?
???: "Well, I believe that I do!"
What's going on?
Hatsumi: "You may believe that, but there are patients both worried and annoyed at your working attitude."
When I get back to the nurses station, I see the Chief arguing with Senpai. I don't think I've heard her raise her voice like this before.
Hatsumi: "Your treatment is sloppy, you don't listen to what they're saying, you get other people to do what they ask you to do... I've gotten multiple complaints like these about you."
This is a really rare sight... The Chief sounds so perturbed that it's like she doesn't even care that patients might be overhearing. When I quietly creep into the nurses station, Yamanouchi puts her finger to her lips to let me know to be quiet.
Kaori: "......"
I nod, quietly take my seat, and open my report.
Nagisa: "I'm doing what I'm supposed to! It's just what when patients ask for things that nurses shouldn't do, I pass those on to the nursing staff!"
Hatsumi: "Who decided what nurses should and shouldn't do? Who told you to pass those on?"
Nagisa: "Well..."
Senpai bites her lip and looks down.
Nagisa: "W-Well, when they ask me to throw away their trash or change their diapers...those are the kinds of things you don't have to be a nurse to..."
Hatsumi: "So you want to say that trash disposal and diaper changing is the staff's job, and not a nurse's?"
Nagisa: "...I do. I mean, nurses have plenty of other things we have to do..."
The Chief lets out a sigh.
Hatsumi: "...The nursing staff have plenty of work to do, too. They might not be able to cross over into medical duty territory."
Hatsumi: "but don't you think you should work with them for the other things we have to do?"
Nagisa: "But...!"
Hatsumi: "Our patients want to get out of their uncomfortable, soiled diapers as soon as they can. How would you feel if you were in their position?"
Nagisa: "......"
Hatsumi: "What if when you asked a nurse to change your dirty diaper and she refused, saying it wasn't her job? What would you think? Could you wait?"
Senpai shoots a look at the Chief in response. I can feel her frustration from her glare. The frustration of not being understood.
Nagisa: "I...! I didn't become a nurse to change diapers!"
They continue to glare at each other for a while. I start to panic, but I follow Yamanouchi's suggestion to keep quiet and watch them.
Hatsumi: "...I see. In that case, Fujisawa, you'll no longer be in charge of a room. You don't need to answer nurse calls for a while, either."
Nagisa: "Wh...?"
Hatsumi: "Patients ring the nurse call because they need help."
Hatsumi: "If you're just going to pick and choose the requests you'll fulfill based on whatever you feel like, you'll just waste everyone's time."
Hatsumi: "Cool yourself off and think about what you should do as a nurse, and just for who it is you're here for."
Nagisa: "I..."
Senpai's face has gone beet red, and she fights back tears as she tries to speak. I want to run up and comfort her, but the room is too tense for that.
Hatsumi: "In any case, I'd like you to be on general duties for now. Remember that I'll decide whether to put you back in charge of a room based on your attitude."
Nagisa: "...Yes, ma'am."
Senpai can only nod before the pressure the Chief exudes. The Chief says nothing else and looks up at the clock on the wall as if the argument hadn't even happened.
Hatsumi: "...It's about time to change the IVs... Say, Sawai."
I nearly leap up. I didn't expect my name to come up.
Kaori: "Y-Yes ma'am?!"
Hatsumi: "Can you do the IV rounds alone today? Just call someone if you run into something you don't understand."
Kaori: "B-But, all my myself? I..."
Before I say that I can't do it, the Chief smiles as she shakes her head.
Hatsumi: "You can do it. You've learned a lot lately, and you've gotten a lot more reliable when dealing with patients."
Kaori: "But I..."
Hatsumi: "As Chief of this ward, I don't worry when I watch you anymore. You've also been quite well received by the patients, as well."
I feel a mix of discomfort and bashfulness when the Chief compliments me. Like, I'd studied for myself... And when I think of that, Miss Sakai's face comes to mind. This...might be thanks to her? Every time I go to her room, I come back depressed about a bunch of things...which just makes me want to not give her the chance to chew me out the next time. That's why I've been studying after every visit. Miss Sakai's room is probably my training ground...
Hatsumi: "I can't let you do any of the trickier treatments that require aseptic techniques be yourself yet, but I believe you are more than capable of handling the IV rounds."

Hatsumi: "Have confidence, and do as you always do."
Kaori: "Yes, ma'am!"
Being slightly acknowledged by the usually strict Chief fills me with joy. Every interaction I have with Miss Sakai leaves me wanting to crawl into bed and never come out, but they were actually good for me... It's a strange feeling.
Yasuko: "Whoa, nice job! Grats on your first step to strikin' out on your own!"
Yamanouchi gives me a poke, and I quickly shake my head.
Kaori: "I-I've still got a long, long way to go!"
Yasuko: "No need t'be so modest! Everyone knows you're workin' real hard, Sawai. You just gotta work on wasting your energy a little less."
Kaori: "Urgh..."
Yasuko: "You'll be fine if you just do it carefully, like you always do. As long as ya don't try to speed things up or try to pull off anythin' fancy, it'll all be okay."
Kaori: "All right."
Pull off something fancy...?
Yasuko: "Oh, and ya wanna double check the meds. Fujisawa, can ya check with her?"
The moment Yamanouchi looks at Senpai, she quickly looks away.
Nagisa: "Sorry, I'm going to be organizing the records and x-rays today!"
Kaori: "Sen...pai..."
She's...really sulking...
Yasuko: "...That so. I'll do it, then. C'mon, Sawai."
Kaori: "A-All right..."
I was just so happy that the Chief acknowledged me that I hadn't thought about how down Senpai must feel. There's no way she'd be in a good mood. Why would she want to do anything with me right after I was praised and she was torn down? I really wasn't considerate enough. I wonder if I really turned Senpai off of me...
Yasuko: "Hurry up, Sawai."
Kaori: "Oh, coming."
I stand in front of the workspace with all of the unchecked IV bottles lined up on it.
Yasuko: "It ain't your fault, Sawai. Nothin' to worry about. And Fujisawa knows it."
Yamanouchi reassures me as she rearranges the bottles to make them easier to check.
Kaori: "...All right."
Yasuko: "You still got ways to go, but yer puttin' in good work for a newbie. The Chief and I acknowledge that."
Her gentle words make tears well up.
Kaori: "Th-Thank you..."
Yasuko: "...Fujisawa's on her second year...meanin' she's in a tough time."
Kaori: "A tough time...?"
Yasuko: "She's barely got any knowledge or experience, but she's got someone new underneath her. Now that she's expected to be a teacher an' everything, she can't relax her mind."
Yasuko: "And she became a nurse because she always dreamed of bein' one, remember?"
Yasuko: "The gap between that dream and the reality is rough. And it's only gonna keep on goin', as long as she's a nurse."
Kaori: "...Is that how it is?"
Yamanouchi slowly nods. Then, I take a look at Senpai, who's organizing the records a little further away. Her face is puffy as she holds back tears...
Yasuko: "This is a wall she's gonna have to get over. But don't think it's none of your business, Sawai, because it hits us all. And it's gonna hit you."
I gulp when I hear that. I'm going to face that wall myself one day...
Kaori: "...Understood."
Yasuko: "Then let's get checkin'."
Kaori: "Yeah!"
Yamanouchi is a little hard to understand, but...she's a pretty good person. She's really open and easy to talk to, but sometimes, she'll just say the coldest things. But at the same time, she'll be really relatable and helpful, as a nurse farther along the path than I am. I want to be a nurse like her sometime, myself -- one who can help the others like she helps me....I think I'll call out to Senpai when I'm leaving work today. Maybe we can have dinner together, then relax in my room as we vent with each other. Senpai's always helping me out, so I should probably hear her out sometimes, too. If letting it out will make her feel a little better, then I want to be there for her. As perfect as she might seem, she has to have worries, doubts, and challenges... And since I lean on her too much, I couldn't even see the obvious. No...I didn't even try to see it. I'm sorry, Senpai... I'm going to do my best to back you up from now on!
====================scr00414.kgo====================
Kaori: "Senpai, pull it together!"
Nagisa: "Urgghh, I can't drink any more..."
Kaori: "And you don't have to, either. Oh, watch your feet!"
Nagisa: "I'm hoooome!"
Kaori: "Not quite -- this is my room. Where's the key to your room, Senpai?"
Nagisa: "Urgh...somewhere in my bag?"
Kaori: "*Sigh* Fine, fine."
It looks like the Chief's words really hit Senpai hard. I invited her to a pretty classy bar in Kanakura, hoping to have a glass or two with her, but Senpai drank herself under the table... This is why I stopped her, too...
Nagisa: "Sawwwaaiii, get me some water!"
Kaori: "All right, just hold on a second."
I pull some mineral water out of my fridge, pour into a cup and hand it to her.
Kaori: "Here you go. It's really cold."
Nagisa: "You gotta make me drink it!"
She defiantly shakes herself about, and I let out a sigh.
Kaori: "Who spoiled you so much, Senpai?"
Nagisa: "Lemme get away with it today! Now c'mon, make me drink up!"
She thrashes her limbs about like a child in a tantrum, and I can't help but grimace a little.
Kaori: "Fine, fine..."
I hold the cup of mineral water steady as I bring it to Senpai's mouth.
Kaori: "All right, open up?"
She pouts, looking dissatisfied.
Nagisa: "Wait, you're not giving it to me mouth to mouth?!"
Kaori: "M-Mouth?!"
Nagisa: "*Giggle* You gotta make me drink it with a kiss!"
Kaori: "A...a kiss?!"
Nagisa: "Mmm!"
She pushes out her lips, and I'm frozen with the cup in my hand.
Nagisa: "Ahh, c'mon! It was just a joooke!"
This drunkard!
Nagisa: "Heh heh heh, did that get you all hot under the collar?"
Kaori: "It sure did, it sure did. Now could you drink up?"
I push the glass against Senpai's lips.
Nagisa: "Ahh, it's so cold!"
I tip the glass further, thinking she'll drink it, but...the water spills out and wets up her chest instead.
Kaori: "Ahh! It spilled! Hang on, let me get a towel!"
I scramble to get a towel and wipe Senpai's chest down.
Kaori: "You probably want to change into something. Um, let me see if I have anything around here..."
Nagisa: "Mm, I'll go with this."
Senpai pulls out the nurse uniform with the frayed hem I'd brought home to mend.
Kaori: "S-Senpai, that's a nurse uniform!"
Nagisa: "Then it's perfect! We're both nurses here!"
With a big grin on her face, she takes off her top before I can stop her and puts on my familiar nurse uniform. Well...it's frayed, but there's no one in my room to point and laugh.
Nagisa: "Hey, how do I look?"
Senpai looks pleased as a peach as she holds the hem of my uniform's skirt and flaps it about. How does she look...? She looks the same as always in her hospital whites.
Kaori: "You look fine, really. Totally."
Nagisa: "Hmm...it doesn't feel like you're putting your heart into it..."
Senpai purses her lips and objects. And I can't help letting out a giggle.
Kaori: "It honestly looks good on you. You're a regular angel in white, Senpai."
Nagisa: "R-Really? Aww, you're gonna make me blush! *Giggle*..."
She seems very pleased.
Nagisa: "Oh! You should wear a uniform, too!"
Kaori: "Hwah?"
Nagisa: "Yeah, that's a great idea! Let's be angels together!"
Kaori: "W-Wait, why do I have to...?"
Nagisa: "Aww, you don't want to match with me?"
Match with her...
Nagisa: "You don't want to wear the same clothes as me, Sawai? You don't want us to wear matching outfits?"
She looks up at me with puppy dog eyes.
Kaori: "Wait, don't we always match when we're in the ward?"
Nagisa: "That's not good enough! I wanna match with you HERE!"
Tch, this drunkard. Realizing that arguing would get me nowhere, I pull out a uniform I never got around to replacing the button on. When I put it on and look at Senpai, she has a satisfied smile on her face.
Nagisa: "It's time for your check-up!"
Kaori: "Ch-Check-up?!"
My mind goes completely blank. I hadn't expected to hear that. What does she mean, "check-up?!"
Nagisa: "Well, look, I'm in my nurse uniform! Might as well give you a check up! All right, take off your uniform and sit here."
She pats the cushion in front of her. I can't even follow what's going on anymore...
Kaori: "H-Hey, Senpai, this uniform is for...nurses, remember? Aren't doctors the ones who give check-ups...?"
Nagisa: "Details, details! I'm giving you a check-up and that's final! Now take it off!"
Senpai wastes no time in reaching out to take off my uniform.
Kaori: "Eep! S-Senpai, h-hold on a second!"
If I just protect my buttons and zipper to the death...! Then she won't be able to strip me! Most likely!
Nagisa: "I don't wanna wait! We're playing doctor, right now!"
Kaori: "P-Playing doctor?!"
Senpai nods with a smile, in the best of moods.
Nagisa: "Yeah! You're the patient, and I'm the doctor!"
Kaori: "Ah-whah?!"
Nagisa: "C'mon, take it off! We don't have all night!"
Kaori: "Wh-Why am I the patient? I'm a nurse, too...a-and don't try to force my uniform off of me...!"
Nagisa: "Ma'am, you're sick -- I'm going to need you to calm down!"
She holds me down.
Kaori: "S-Senpai, what are you...?!"
Nagisa: "Huh? Where'd I put my scope?"
She swivels her neck, looking around here and there.
Nagisa: "Oh wait...this wasn't my room. Hey, Sawai, you got a scope?"
Kaori: "A scope? A stethoscope? I think the one I used back in nursing school was...in one of the cardboard boxes around here..."
I escape Senpai's clutches and sift around the cardboard box.
Kaori: "Here we go!"
Nagisa: "Oh, it's all cute and pink!"
Kaori: "What color was yours, Senpai?"
Nagisa: "I've always wanted the kind doctors use, so I splurged on a nice black one!"
Kaori: "Wow! That's super classy!"
Nagisa: "Well! Now that we've got a scope on hand...let's take it off!"
Kaori: "Wait, we're still doing that?!"
Nagisa: "So, what seems to be the problem today?"
Kaori: "...All right, I'll play along..."
I let out a bit of a sigh. She's too drunk to be reasoned with, and I'm sure she'll be satisfied if I play her game for a little.
Kaori: "Um...I feel like I've come down with a bit of a cold, lately."
Nagisa: "Oh, that can't feel too good! It's a little hard to hear your heartbeat, so can you open up around your chest a bit?"
Kaori: "Um...I can just pretend to do it, right?"
Nagisa: "No! You have to actually do it!"
Kaori: "W-Wait, does that mean you want me to...?"
Senpai looks up at me with innocently wanting eyes. I can't say no to that force.
Kaori: "*Sigh*... All right, just a little, okay?"
I undo a button on my uniform like I would in a real examination, and I pull down my zipper all the way to my belly button.
Nagisa: "Good girl!"
Senpai nods in satisfaction, then puts her stethoscope to my chest.
Kaori: "Eep!"
Nagisa: "Ahh! You scared me! Wh-Where'd that come from, all of a sudden..."
Kaori: "W-Well, the stethoscope is really cold..."
Nagisa: "That's no reason to shout out of nowhere, though. That's really gonna hurt my ears!"
Kaori: "S-Sorry..."
I actually apologize.
Nagisa: "I'm glad you understand. Now, let's keep going!"
Nagisa: "Your lungs make such a pretty sound... Hm? Your heart's beating a little fast. What's up?"
Kaori: "......"
...Why'd it end up like this...
Nagisa: "Well, here goes!"
With a big grin, Senpai takes the stethoscope that was touching my skin and slides it into my bra.
Kaori: "Eep?!"
Nagisa: "Hmm...yeah, your heartbeat's just a little fast. Did you do some exercise or something before coming here?"
Kaori: "N-No I didn't."
It...it tickles...!
Nagisa: "Now that's strange..."
Senpai's stethoscope travels eagerly back and forth inside my bra.
Kaori: "M-Mm...! S-Senpai, are we done yet...?"
Nagisa: "Hmm...I can't hear too well."
I'm desperately holding on, red-faced and staving off embarrassment and the ticklish, cold sensation of the medical instrument.
Nagisa: "...So I'm guessing it...doesn't feel too good?"
Kaori: "..."
She slips the stethoscope off of me. Then, she brings her cheek to my chest.
Nagisa: "Sorry...I think I got a little carried away..."
Kaori: "Senpai..."
A hint of alienation tinges her whisper. That's when I remember how hurt she is... Senpai gently touches my breasts.
Nagisa: "You've really grown, Sawai...like, look at this chest."
Nagisa: "We were both flat as boards in high school, but look how big you are now..."
She pushes one up in her hand. In doing so, she might just have found out how hard my heart is beating...
Kaori: "W-Well...it's not just me. Yours are really soft, Senpai..."
As if to get back at her, I put my hand on Senpai's breast, too. They're so soft that they'd probably change in shape with the slightest bit of pressure...
Nagisa: "Hey, Sawai...is your heart...racing? Over me...?"
Kaori: "Yeah...it's pounding right now. Can...can you feel it...?"
Nagisa: "......"
Kaori: "......"
Nagisa: "I...I always..."
She speaks too quietly for me to hear her.
Kaori: "Always?"
She looks away. When she pulls away from me, however, she's back to the old Senpai I know.
Senpai: "Ahh, I really drank too much today. Ahaha, sorry!"
She laughs bashfully and fixes up my uniform....I'm a little disappointed about losing the mood, but......I'm also a little relieved...
Nagisa: "Sorry. Really, I am! I really did drink too much today, didn't I? Anyway, I'll be going now!"
Kaori: "Y-Yeah, that's probably for the best. You've got the day off tomorrow, right? You really need your rest, so..."
Senpai stands up, still in my uniform.
Nagisa: "I'll...wear this uniform back to my room. I'll fix the hem and get it back to you washed."
Kaori: "Wh...y-you don't have to do all that! You can just..."
Nagisa: "Not hearing it! I was a drunk jerk to you, so I really don't want to make any more trouble for you!"
...You really don't have to. But...Senpai believes in repaying her close friends like she would anyone else. That type of politeness and diligence is something I've always loved about her.
Nagisa: "See you!"
When she turns around and starts moving, I call out to her.
Kaori: "Make sure you drink lots of water and go right to bed, okay?"
Nagisa: "Yeah, I'll be sure to. Sorry for everything! Good night!"
Kaori: "Good night..."
Left alone in my room, I find myself thinking. Senpai sure was strange today... I guess she's still got what happened this afternoon hanging over her... And if she hadn't pulled away from me when she did...what would have happened with us...? I wonder if doing that comforted her? I want to cheer her up somehow, but I'm not sure what a greenhorn nurse like me can do for her... Frustration wells up when I realize my powerlessness. I remember what Yamanouchi said this afternoon.     "This is a wall she's gonna have to get over. But don't think      it's none of your business, Sawai, because it hits us all.      And it's gonna hit you."
Kaori: "A wall she has to get over..."
I've always looked up to Senpai, and how perfect she is...and this wall made her drink herself into a stupor. And this is a wall I'm going to encounter eventually, too... Though I can't deny the worry I feel, my answer is already set in stone....There's no turning back.
Kaori: "...Senpai..."
When that time comes...I'm going to do my best. So, please...do your best to get through this! I'll be watching over you!
====================scr00415.kgo====================
Ever since the incident a few days ago, Senpai's been on free work duty like the Chief said, and is no longer in charge of a room. I don't really understand what free work duty is much myself, but it refers to all the work that someone does on days that they're not in charge of a room. Nurses have to do a lot of different types of work, and when you're in charge of a room, there's a lot of smaller things you can't really take care of. That's where the nurses on free duty come in -- they take care of what the room nurses can't. Or, so I hear. I guess you could say they run errands? Those errands are surprisingly tough, though. They have to patrol around the outpatient ward, organize medical records, contact the doctors and reserve examinations, as well as a ton of other things. They don't deal with patients directly, but they do really important work. But since Senpai is on the free shift, that means the other nurses and I end up swamped by nurse calls... In fact, most of my time on the job is spent at patient bedsides, and it's becoming harder to sneak out time to write reports.
Kaori: "I'm back! All right, time to write those reports!"
But I know. I know that the nurse call always rings the moment I step back into the station. It should ring any minute now... Oh, there it is! And, of course, it's from Miss Sakai....Is she watching me, or something?
Kaori: "Hello, what seems to be the problem?"
Sayuri: "My blood infusion is finished."
Kaori: "All right, I'll be right over."
I've gotten pretty used to Miss Sakai's acid tongue lately, too. I think. They don't hit me as hard as they used to, and I don't end up on the verge of tears anymore, either. I hope I get a bit more used to her, and that she opens up her heart to me a little, too.
Sayuri: "Come on in."
Kaori: "All righty."
Kaori: "I'll take off this blood pack, then."
Sayuri: "Thanks."
Hmm...she kind of snapped at that. I guess she's still brusque.
Kaori: "Ah!"
My hand slips, and the blood in the pack goes flying!
Sayuri: "Hey! What do you think you're doing?!"
Kaori: "Ahhh! I-I-I'm so sorry!"
So...so much blood...! I scramble to clean the blood up with alcohol wipes I had on hand. The wipes can't get rid of all the blood, though, and ugly bloodstains remain. Ahh! There's bloodstains on her pajamas, too!
Kaori: "Oh, no, what do I do?!"
Sayuri: "Worry about that later! Take care of the IV needle first!"
Kaori: "Oh, you're right!"
Her words bring me back to my senses, and I secure the tube of leukoreduced blood into her skin after flushing it with physiological saline. After calming down, I notice the tragedy around me......so I end up having to change the sheets, and it just so happens...
Nagisa: "S-Sawai? Why've you got all those linens?"
Senpai looks up from her x-ray organizing in surprise when she sees me carrying sheets and other things.
Kaori: "I got transfusion blood all over Miss Sakai's sheets..."
Nagisa: "Enough that you had to change her sheets? You couldn't just wipe it down with oxydol?"
Kaori: "Oxydol?"
Nagisa: "Hydrogen peroxide solution. If there's just a bit of blood, oxydol cleans it up really quick."
Ohhh, really...? Oxydol for bloodstains. Got it, I'll remember that!
Kaori: "...Well...it wasn't just a little bit."
Nagisa: "Ohhh, I hear you."
She grimaces and picks up some of the sheets.
Nagisa: "Here, I'll help you out."
Kaori: "But, don't you...?"
Nagisa: "It'll get done faster if we do it together, right? And this'll actually help a patient."
Kaori: "Ah...you're right. Okay, let's change the sheets together."
Sayuri: "...So, you came all the way out here just to change the sheets?"
Urgh...Miss Sakai doesn't seem happy to see us. I'm used to her, but what about Senpai...? I just hope she doesn't get under Senpai's skin.
Sayuri: "Sheet changing is the first thing the teach you in nursing school -- the most basic of basics. Do you really need two people to handle it?"
I take a timid look at Senpai's face, and... Ahh! She's smiling, but her eyes sure aren't!
Nagisa: "You're very right, Miss Sakai, but we do need you to leave the bed while we're changing the sheets."
Nagisa: "Which is why we we've come together, to get you back in bed as soon as possible. Is there anything wrong with that?"
Sayuri: "Do the staff on this floor have that little to do?"
!! M-Miss Sakai?!
Nagisa: "Excuse me? What was that...?"
Sayuri: "I asked if the staff on this floor are as desperately unoccupied as they seem."
Whoa!
Nagisa: "I-It's not like we have little to do, but...why would you ask that...?"
Senpai's smile is starting to twitch... Th-This could be really bad!
Sayuri: "...I see the nurses here just don't listen to people. Are you a little slow in the head?"
Sayuri: "You came with two nurses to take on the taxing task of...changing sheets. So I thought the staff here must have nothing to do. Is that truly so difficult to grasp?"
Senpai is quivering.
Kaori: "M-Miss Sakai...!"
Nagisa: "Hmph...you've really gone and said it!"
Kaori: "S-Senpai?!"
Nagisa: "I was letting it slide because you're a patient, but no more!"
Senpai pushes me out of the way and stands in front of Miss Sakai.
Nagisa: "Tell me, why do you have to talk like that?! Were you just mouthing off because you knew I wouldn't bite back?!"
...Oh no.
Nagisa: "Yeah, you might've been in nursing school before, but you're just a patient now! So what's up with that attitude?! Why are you mocking the hospital staff that's taking care of you?!"
Ahh, Senpai, if you talk like that...!
Sayuri: "Hmph. And who was it that opened themselves up to be mocked by ‘just a patient'? Aren’t you hospital staff at fault?"
Nagisa: "ExCUSE me?!"
Oh no, what do I do?! They're going to fight if I don't do anything! I'm really glad that Senpai got mad on my behalf. But if that sours Miss Sakai's mood, I'm going to really get it next time I come here! I've got to calm things down, somehow! What should I say? It's all right -- I deserved to get mocked. Right -- but you don't have the best attitude for a patient.
Kaori: "Senpai, it's all right! I deserved to get made fun of!"
Nagisa: "But, Sawai!"
Kaori: "I'm at fault here! What Miss Sakai said, it's all true."
Nagisa: "Doesn't it piss you off, though? Hearing her just go off on you like this?!"
Kaori: "Well...that's a different issue altogether."
Kaori: "This is a hospital, and it's where I work. I'm staff here, and Miss Sakai's my patient, so it's only natural that she gets on my case for things I can't do for her."
Nagisa: "Well...yeah, but..."
Nagisa: "Hmph...you, you've got to be kidding me, you're listening to her mouth off instead of me?!"
Kaori: "W-Well, it's not like I'm choosing anyone, but..."
Nagisa: "No way...no way. So what she says to you is more important than me, Sawai?"
Kaori: "S-Senpai..."
Nagisa: "I can't believe this...ugh!"
Aww, Senpai...
Kaori: "Hey, let's just change the sheets, all right? That's what we came here to do, right?"
Kaori: "Sorry, Miss Sakai. Can you get out of bed for a little?"
Sayuri: "Go right ahead. Change all the sheets you want. Together, of course."
Nagisa: "...Tch. Taking kindness for weakness..."
Nagisa: "If you weren't a patient, I'd have chased you out of here...!"
Sayuri: "If you have something to say, you can say it to my face. Pathetic."
Urgh...this is the worst... From now on, whenever I need someone's help in caring for Miss Sakai...I probably shouldn't ask Senpai.
Kaori: "What you're saying isn't wrong, Miss Sakai, but your attitude isn't the best."
Sayuri: "......"
Hooboy. She looks off to the side in a huff. When she gets like this, her bad moods tend to drag...
Nagisa: "We don't have the time to listen to her lectures. Let's get these sheets changed, quick."
And Senpai drops a finishing blow. She looks...really happy. And Miss Sakai...well... She's really going to let me have it about everything she can think of for a while, I bet.
Nagisa: "Sawai, can you hold that end?"
Miss Sakai is staring at me.
Kaori: "Er...sure..."
It feels like she's drilling a hole into me with her eyes... I'm really nervous.
Nagisa: "Not like that -- you want to make a triangle. Don't forget the basics."
Senpai looks a bit nervous, too, and I notice a slight wrinkle in the sheets...
Kaori: "O-Oh, sure..."
Urgh...these sheets aren't laid out as neatly as they could be. Sorry, Miss Sakai.
Sayuri: "...Say. You call this a finished job?"
Nagisa: "Wh-What, you got a problem?"
Sayuri: "You didn't think I would? Where in the world do you get that baseless confidence from?"
Miss Sakai pushes us out of the way and stands on the edge of her bed.
Sayuri: "If you raise a bed with sheets this sloppily set, a bedridden patient'd get bedsores in a night, guaranteed."
She tears the sheets we'd just made up off the bed.
Nagisa: "Wh-What do you think you're doing?!"
Miss Sakai silently glares at Senpai. Senpai seems to have flinched a touch at the sharpness of her eyes. And when she backs down, Miss Sakai cleanly remakes the bed with practiced movements.
Kaori: "Wh-Whoa..."
She could walk the walk, too. The flatness of the sheets and the tidiness of the bed are a professional's work -- the bed is perfectly made.
Sayuri: "You're both professional nurses and you can't even pull this off? You haven't practiced nearly enough, clearly."
Sayuri: "How many classes did you skip out in school? And if you can't even pull off the most basic of techniques like these, what do you think this hospital is? A girls bar?"
Nagisa: "Wh-Why...you..."
But neither of us can say anything back to her. We weren't able to make her bed as cleanly as this, and neither of us are confident that we can.
Sayuri: "Anyway. That about does it for sheet changing, so can I rest now?"
Sayuri: "I mean, I'm just a patient. Having to do the staff here's job has left me awfully tired."
Nagisa: "I-I'm terribly, terribly sorry, ma'am! Please, rest all that exertion off, I implore you! Sawai, we're leaving!"
Kaori: "O-Oh, uh, sure. Take care, Miss Sakai."
Nagisa: "What the hell was that?! What the hell was up with her?!"
Senpai is grumbling to herself...
Nagisa: "I can't believe her...how can anyone be THAT rude?!"
The moment we step into the nurses station, Senpai explodes.
Nagisa: "What was her problem? Seriously?! Sawai, how can you deal with that every day?!"
Kaori: "W-Well...that's just how she is..."
Nagisa: "Hmph! I can't believe it! That attitude! The way she speaks, that smugness...ahhh!"
I understand what Senpai's saying. But...Miss Sakai had to have practiced a lot before she was able to make a bed that perfectly. When I think about that...I feel something other than anger.
Kaori: "Let's let it go, Senpai."
Nagisa: "Doesn't it make you mad, Sawai?! Because losing like that really irks me! That wasn't okay!"
The part time and temp nurses just watch Senpai rage from afar.
Nagisa: "Hmph! Ahh, this isn't okay! Hmph, hmph, hmph!"
Yamanouchi comes back into the station, takes a look at the raging Nagisa, and speaks up.
Yasuko: "Fujisawa...ya sound like a horse."
====================scr00416.kgo====================
Strangely enough, there wasn't any trouble today. Miss Sakai elected not to be nasty today, making it a pleasantly peaceful time....But, well...I couldn't understand the medical terms and abbreviations that one of the part time nurses mentioned, and that was a little embarrassing. I guess that's all that really went wrong. But when the Chief saw that, she clued me in to the terms and abbreviations.
Hatsumi: "...So, I thought of a bit of a problem. How about you try solving it?"
The Chief hands me a sheet of paper. There are mixtures of Japanese and letters of the alphabet written here.
Kaori: "What's this, Chief...?"
Hatsumi: "I made a list in my free time. When I think about it, they really don't teach you these abbreviations in nursing schools."
The Chief smiles brightly at me.
Hatsumi: "I'm truly glad to see that you've become so enthusiastic about nursing. And that's me just speaking as an older nurse, not as the chief of this ward."
...I feel a little embarrassed when I see her smile. I'm not very used to seeing her like this. Though I look down at the paper to hide my embarrassment...
Kaori: "Huh? U-Uh...?"
What...is this? What code is this? Can anyone...read this stuff?
Hatsumi: "Can you tell what they mean?"
Kaori: "...They're...they're unreadable. They just look like strange code to me."
The Chief chuckles.
Hatsumi: "An astute observation. Medical abbreviations act as a kind of code for us."
Kaori: "Really?"
Hatsumi: "The field has become a lot better at showing information, but before, when it came to serious illness..."
Hatsumi: "such as terminal illnesses like cancer, we didn't let the patients know, right?"
Hatsumi: "You never know who is listening. And when you can't say a disease's name, medical jargon comes in handy -- the general public doesn't understand it."
Hatsumi: "Take MK, for instance. It's an abbreviation of the German word Magen Krebs, stomach cancer."
Kaori: "Does K mean cancer, then?"
Hatsumi: "Right, and there are other abbreviations for it, too. Sometimes it comes from the English cancer -- we write it as C or Ca at that point."
Kaori: "Ohhh..."
Hatsumi: "This is something you want to get used to, rather than outright study. Some people write stomach cancer as MK, and others write it as SCa."
Hatsumi: "Even if you don't understand at the time, the more you hear them, before you know it...you'll have picked them up."
Hatsumi: "So you don't need to force yourself to learn everything on this list. You'll just pick them up with time."
Hatsumi: "But I wrote this list hoping to help you along a little. That said, let's go over them."
Kaori: "Let's!"
Hatsumi: "Oh...look at the time..."
Kaori: "I-I'm sorry for taking up so much of your time!"
Hatsumi: "It's no trouble at all -- it's good to study. And besides, I learned a lot through teaching, myself."
Hatsumi: "Oh, I know! You're hungry, aren't you? How about we get some pizza?"
The Chief really is different from when she's in the station... She's scary back there, like a manager, but when she's in her room...she's so nice and caring, like an older sister.
Hatsumi: "Which pizza would you like?"
She hands me a flyer for a pizza delivery. I take it without thinking and steal a glance at the Chief's face.
Hatsumi: "You can order anything you'd like, all right? Think of it as a reward for studying so hard."
The Chief is all smiles. I don't want to turn her down and sully such a rare smile, so...
Kaori: "Um...I'll take this Hawaiian pizza, then..."
Hatsumi: "Sure thing!"
Kaori: "U-Um...Chief, do you have cinnamon powder and olive oil?"
Hatsumi: "Hm? Cinnamon? I think I had some around here..."
Hatsumi: "All right, the pizza's here. Shall we eat?"
The cinnamon powder in the Chief's room had gone hard and was unusable, and the olive oil had a suspicious scent to it. So I went to my room to get cinnamon powder and olive oil... And then! I sprinkled both of them over the fresh, hot pizza!
Hatsumi: "...Er, what are you...doing...?"
Kaori: "This makes it a lot tastier!"
Hatsumi: "......"
The Chief looks awfully scared. Of course she would. Most people would be surprised when they see this on pizza. But it's good!
Hatsumi: "...Have you always...been the type to put cinnamon on pizza?"
When I hear that, I rummage through my memories.
Kaori: "...Hmm...I don't really remember, but I think I didn't like cinnamon at all when I was a kid..."
Kaori: "Like, apple pies and Yatsuhashi have lots of cinnamon on them, right? I really hated those."
Hatsumi: "But now you love it?"
Kaori: "Yeah! Isn't that strange?"
Kaori: "I think it happened after my accident -- the apple pie I got from a visit was really, really tasty!"
I didn't have too many memories of the time around the accident, but I just remember the taste of the apple pie someone gave me after I got out of the hospital. And I really got into cinnamon after that.
Kaori: "I was already a total cinnamon addict by middle school."
Hatsumi: "...Oh...a cinnamon addict, huh...?"
Huh? For some reason, she's looking at the pizza with really nostalgic eyes... Ah! Is...is the Chief not a fan of cinnamon?!
Kaori: "I-I'm sorry! I went and put a ton of cinnamon powder on the pizza already...!"
Hatsumi: "It's fine, really. I don't mind cinnamon."
With that, the Chief picks up a slice.
Hatsumi: "......"
She's quietly eating away at her pizza.
Kaori: "......"
I want to talk to her, but I feel guilty just thinking about disturbing her meal. A...strange mood settles in on the room. But the Chief sure does love pizza -- she's completely absorbed in the task of eating. She looks like the type who would order some high class food delivered to her door, but you really can't judge a book by its cover. When I see the Chief in her private life like this, I have to think that she's kind of a strange figure. At first, she got angry at me a lot, so I only thought of her as a terrifying person, but the more I worked with her, the more I saw that she had this awkward diligence about her that made her easy to trust. And I was really surprised the first time I came to her room, too... I had no idea that such an organized, serious worker would be the type who couldn't clean their room, or that she'd be completely fine living in such squalor....She's such a strange person... Then, I notice that she's staring my way. I can feel heat in those eyes, and my cheeks grow red.
Kaori: "Wh-What is it...?"
Hatsumi: "There's something I've been wondering for quite some time... Have you always had that hairstyle?"
Kaori: "Hwah?"
I brush my hand against the hair done up on my left side.
Kaori: "Oh...does it look weird?"
Hatsumi: "No, it looks quite nice on you. That's why I'm wondering if you've always had your hair like that."
Hatsumi: "Oh, and that hairclip suits you very well, too."
The Chief is...actually curious about my childhood?! And she thinks my hair looks nice! My face is going to flare up!
Kaori: "Eheheh...well, I feel a lot more at ease when I wear my hair like this."
Kaori: "And I don't know who I got this hairclip from, but I feel like it was a present from someone..."
I've kept it on me at all times since I was a child, so it's a bit old, but...I just can't throw it away.
Hatsumi: "...I see."
H-Huh? That's...that's it? I thought the conversation was going to take off a little more...
Kaori: "Er..."
Hatsumi: "Let's eat up before the pizza gets cold."
Kaori: "O-Oh, right."
...The Chief really is a strange one...
====================scr00417.kgo====================
Mr. Ryukaku's not been well lately. He's been urinating less, and he's been swelling all over. His breathing has been labored, and he'll cough at the smallest exertions -- sometimes with phlegm. The Chief said it was proof that his heart's functioning had fallen. Mr. Ryukaku had electrodes put in his chest, allowing us to view his electrocardiographs 24/7 from the nurses station.
Kaori: "...I hope Mr. Ryukaku gets better."
Those are my honest feelings, but I also feel that...he might not get better. Suddenly, I feel a chill down my spine. That's just the kind of place a hospital is. I thought I knew, but when I encounter it in reality...well, it's scary.
???: "...She out yet?"
Hm?
???: "Not yet."
Voices from the bathroom...?
???: "...Still?"
That's Miss Sakai, right?
???: "Wanna go back? Or not yet?"
Whose voice is that...? It's a kid's voice, right?
Sayuri: "Don't worry, I won't go back until she comes out."
???: "...Really? Oh, but it looks like she's out."
Come to think of it, a girl got admitted to the hospital yesterday. She got really sick after coming down with a fever, and the examination revealed she was diabetic. Whispers in the nurses station said she had lost the use of her pancreas after that fever... Maybe that's the girl they're talking about?
???: "I'm done!"
Ah, knew it. It's Tsukushi, the girl admitted for diabetes. She's the second admission for diabetes I've experienced, after Kohaku. Kohaku regained consciousness after being put in room 301, and now she's much healthier and back in room 306. Kids sure do get better fast... And I've got to make sure I teach Tsukushi carefully about diabetes, so that she doesn't end up where Kohaku did...
Sayuri: "Now that's not very nice. You have to clean up after yourself for the next person when you're done."
Tsukushi: "Ehehe, I'm sorry."
Sayuri: "Oh, you can actually apologize? What a good girl. Come, let's wash those hands."
Tsukushi: "Yeah!"
...It's kind of heartwarming to see. Tsukushi's mother was worried about her going to the bathroom by herself, but it looks like there's nothing to fret about. Hm? Wait, Tsukushi might have asked Miss Sakai to come with her.
Sayuri: "Do you have your handkerchief?"
Tsukushi: "Oops, I forgot it."
Sayuri: "Then...here, you can use mine."
Tsukushi: "Thanks, miss! I'll lend you mine next time!"
Sayuri: "Sure. I'll gladly borrow yours if I ever forget mine. *Giggle*"
Sayuri: "But I don't ever forget my handkerchief. I'm a grown up."
Tsukushi: "Ohh...well, if you ever forget it anyway, I'll sneak you mine!"
I'm really surprised that Miss Sakai can sound so...gentle.
Sayuri: "*Giggle* Right you are. I wouldn't want anyone else to know, so it'll be our secret, all right?"
Tsukushi: "Yeah, our little secret!"
I wonder if she likes kids? Things would be so much better if she showed off her nice side more. I bet Miss Sakai has a lot of wonderful sides to her that I just don't know about.
Kaori: "...What a shame."
I find myself wanting to listen to their conversation more. But I have to report on Mr. Ryukaku's vitals. Um, what should I do? It probably won't take too much time to listen in on them, but it would be awkward if they found me. Mr. Ryukaku's report being a little late probably won't matter much, but the part time nurse in charge of him might be waiting on my report... Leave. Stick around some more....Well, I am on the job. And listening in on patients' private conversations out of curiosity probably isn't part of my nursing duties. Let me get back to the nurses station....Well, I'm really curious. I can't help it!
Tsukushi: "Hey, miss, can I ask your name?"
Sayuri: "You sure can. My name is Sayuri Sakai."
Tsukushi: "Sayui Sakai...?"
Sayuri: "Sayuri, not Sayui."
Tsukushi: "Sayuri..."
Sayuri: "There you go. Sayuri Sakai."
Tsukushi: "Sayui Sakari!"
Sayuri: "No, not quite."
Heh heh...Miss Sakai's having some trouble! If it were me, she would have insulted me right away! But since she's dealing with a kid, she's being really mild.
Sayuri: "Well, don't worry about my last name. Just call me Sayuri."
Tsukushi: "All right, Sayuri! Got it!"
Sayuri: "Glad you've got it down. Let's get back to your room, then."
Uh-oh! I try to hide somewhere, but it's already too late! When Miss Sakai pops out of the bathroom, our eyes meet! I-I've got to say something!
Kaori: "Oh...er...M-Miss Sakai, do you like kids?"
My eyes go wide when I say that. W-Wait, what am I saying?!
Sayuri: "Wh-What business of yours...is that...?"
Miss Sakai's face is completely red. Ahh, I'm so dumb! Then, someone tugs at the hem of my uniform.
Tsukushi: "I got Sayuri to come to the bathroom with me!"
She innocently declares that to me.
Kaori: "Really? That's nice."
Tsukushi: "Yeah. Sayuri's really nice! I love her!"
I glance at Miss Sakai to see that her face is even more red.
Sayuri: "...I..."
She's really, really bashful right now....When I look at her like this, she seems like a girl her age. I mean, she's always standoffish and kind of mean, but she's still younger than me. She's still a twenty year old girl.
Kaori: "She is -- I like Sayuri, too."
I crouch down to Tsukushi's eye level and pat her on the head.
Tsukushi: "Wh-What?! But I liked her first!"
Kaori: "Oh yeah? Then I'll be number two. I'll give you first place!"
Tsukushi: "You got me...all right, she's big sis to both of us, then!"
Kaori: "Yeah! She'll be big sister to both of us."
Feeling my heart warm up, I look up next to me at Miss Sakai.
Kaori: "Huh?"
But she's already gone. She must not have been able to take the embarrassment. She doesn't need to be embarrassed, either.
Kaori: "Well, I'll be heading back to work, then. Can you get to your room by yourself, Tsukushi?"
Tsukushi: "Don't worry, I can handle that. I'm not a kid."
Kaori: "Ohh, well, sorry for treating you like a kid, then."
Tsukushi: "You should be, but I'll forgive you!"
Kaori: "*Giggle* Why thank you. See you later, Tsukushi."
Tsukushi: "Yeah, see you!"
Tsukushi waves at me, and I watch her go back to room 306. Now then. That was a refreshing sight. Time to get back to work!
====================scr00418.kgo====================
Oh, look at the time. I've got to go change Miss Sakai's IV. Thanks to her, I've gotten into the habit of doing things ahead of time. And while that's good, well... I just hope she isn't mean to me today. Huh? There's no response?
Kaori: "Miss Sakai? It's time to change your IV!"
Still, no answer. I open the door.
Kaori: "...Huh? She's...not here...?"
What am I going to do about her drip...? It's about time for her IV bottle to run out. It's really rare for her not to be in her room...
Kaori: "I wonder where Miss Sakai went off to...?"
I know that she'll be back before long if I wait. But Miss Sakai's my only patient, so maybe I should look around for her... There's a nice breeze out today. I bet one of the rooms has all the windows open. In fact, Miss Sakai probably wanted to take a nice walk out in the corridor, the pleasant breeze blowing over her. Living in a hospital must be boring, so it's not surprising that she'd want to go for a walk. Miss Sakai is forbidden from leaving the hospital, as part of her treatment. And she has to know that, so she must be in the hospital. There are so many people down here, as usual... I can't imagine she'd come here to take a load off....Though, I don't think she'd go over to the surgery ward, either...
Kaori: "Maybe!"
Ah, there she is! There's a tall patient, standing with her back turned to me. It's such a thin back. It looks so fragile that I just want to hug it....But if I just hugged her out of nowhere, she'd definitely yell at me. So pushing down my desire to hold her...
Kaori: "What are you looking at?"
I call out to her and step up next to her.
Sayuri: "...If you can't figure it out by looking, there's no point in me explaining, is there?"
...Miss Sakai sure hasn't changed. I hold back a grimace and follow her eyes. Beyond the low buildings is a blue sea, glimmering in the bright sun.
Kaori: "...There's a nice view of the sea from here, huh?"
Sayuri: "......"
Speaking up gets no response from Miss Sakai. It doesn't look like she's rejecting me, though. Because if she was, she'd have said something really cold. The two of us just look at the sea in silence. It's kind of comfortable. The feeling of being able to somehow understand each other without words. The feeling probably isn't mutual. But really, that's fine. Since we're actually having a nice, quiet time together.
Sayuri: "...Are you good at swimming?"
She asks me a question out of nowhere. It takes me a bit by surprise, and I can't see why she's asking me that, but......I should answer honestly.
Kaori: "Well...not particularly. I'm not exactly a lead weight in the water, but I'm not really good, either."
Kaori: "How about you, Miss Sakai? You look like you'd be pretty good."
Sayuri: "...Do I really look like that?"
Kaori: "O-Oh, yeah...I mean, you seem like you can do just about anything, so..."
Sayuri: "Do just about anything, huh..."
Her smile has a bit of self deprecation about it. Huh? Did I step on a land mine? Paying my worry no mind, Miss Sakai gazes off at the sea with a gentle look.
Sayuri: "It's almost summer."
Our conversation is all over the place. Though it doesn't look like there's any context, she probably has a reason for what she's saying. That has to be it.
Kaori: "Yeah. After two months, the water out there will feel great."
Sayuri: "So I hear."
Kaori: "So you hear?"
Another self deprecating smile. I'm...curious about it. I can't take my eyes off her...
Sayuri: "I've never really been in the sea."
Wait...she hasn't...?
Sayuri: "...Though I'm sure I'll end up leaving Yurigahama without the experience of splashing through the waters..."
Kaori: "......"
I want to say that that isn't true, but......I don't want to be just saying that. Empty encouragement wouldn't work on someone as smart as her. Since then, I've studied furiously about Miss Sakai's disease, aplastic anemia. For some reason, Miss Sakai's bone marrow doesn't make blood anymore. Her disease hasn't advanced all that much yet. This means we can help her with blood transfusions, but that's just a treatment of symptoms. As time goes on, her disease is just going to get worse. The only way to cure her aplastic anemia would be a bone marrow transplant. Bone marrow transplants aren't easy, however. First of all, there's no guarantee that you'll find a donor or not. If we don't find a donor, Miss Sakai will eventually die in the hospital. And she knows that. I try to think up another topic. Since I can't take keeping quiet...
Kaori: "...It sure feels nice up here. Did you find it yourself?"
Sayuri: "No. That girl with a penchant for giving people strange nicknames snuck me up here."
Penchant for giving people strange nicknames? That has to be Ami. So that's how Miss Sakai sees her, huh?
Sayuri: "She says she comes up here when hospital life gets to her."
Kaori: "Ohhh."
Ohh...so the ever-smiling Ami talked to Miss Sakai about how she was stressed out....I'm glad we kept the roof door from being locked.
Sayuri: "Such strange people."
Kaori: "Hwah?"
Sayuri: "Both you and Asada. You should just learn from Miss Yamanouchi or the part time nurses and do your job normally."
Kaori: "Normally? ...I think I am, but...does it not look like I am to you?"
Sayuri: "You could just leave me alone, but you go out of your way like this."
Leave her alone? Out of my way? ...What sad words. Why does she try to force herself into isolation like this?
Kaori: "......"
What kind of face was I making? Miss Sakai giggles.
Sayuri: "Are you going to tell the Chief or someone that I was here?"
Kaori: "Hm?"
Sayuri: "The roof is off limits, isn't it? Patients aren't supposed to be up here, no matter the reason."
Sayuri: "Especially someone with a dire illness like me. I mean, it's possible that I'd kill myself in an episode."
I think for a little. Other patients aside, if I made a report like that to the Chief, Miss Sakai would end up banned from the roof alone. She must be at the end of her rope with such an awful disease as is -- and she would lose her place to relax. Of course, there's no guarantee that Miss Sakai won't jump. She won't survive if she isn't cured, and treatment is difficult. Even someone as strong as Miss Sakai feels really down sometimes. Even if she doesn't commit willful suicide, if she happens to slip off in a bout of depression, that would be the end of this hospital. But.
Kaori: "A nurse...a nurse who prioritizes the safety of her patients would report this to the Chief. There's no mistaking that."
Sayuri: "Yeah. She would."
Kaori: "But when I think of you as my friend, Miss Sakai, I don't want to do that."
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai looks surprised. Though I don't know whether she's surprised that I said I wouldn't report her, or that I said she was my friend.
Sayuri: "Point. If you told her, the roof would end up locked off...and I wouldn't want the other patients to hate me."
Kaori: "...Yeah. If the door got locked off, the patients who come here to relax would probably have it out for you."
After giggling, I notice. What Miss Sakai said...was probably her being meanly sarcastic. And I think I've built up a little resistance to that.
Kaori: "Anyway, I won't tell the Chief. That's something I've decided on from before."
Miss Sakai turns her face away from me.
Sayuri: "...Do what you want."
Kaori: "Huh?"
With her face still turned away from me, she walks past my side and heads for the door.
Sayuri: "I've set the clamp so that the drip infusion will end in thirty minutes. I'll call when it's done."
I end up left behind by Miss Sakai on the roof. But I don't feel any loneliness. Because I saw the relief on Miss Sakai's face when she left. That made me realize that even though she puts on a strong show, she's still a girl about my age.
====================scr00419.kgo====================
Hatsumi: "...*Sigh*"
The Chief has been sighing all morning. I wonder what's up...?
Hatsumi: "Urgh..."
She stops in mid-movement when she reaches for the nurse call. The flashing light is room...312! It's Mr. Ryukaku!
Kaori: "Oh, should I go?"
Hatsumi: "Huh?!"
When the surprised Chief turns around to face me, I pick up the nurse call. I mean, I can't leave a patient waiting!
Kaori: "Hello, what seems to be the problem?"
Ryukaku: "Could you just...come to me?"
Kaori: "Got it, I'll be right over!"
Hatsumi: "S-Sawai..."
Kaori: "I'm not really sure what's going on, but Mr. Ryukaku asked me to come over, so I'm going to go to his room!"
Hatsumi: "Wait, wh...?"
Kaori: "Heading out!"
Kaori: "Sorry for the wait, did you call?"
Ryukaku: "Ah, there you are... Oh. It's the newbie..."
Oof. What's up with that attitude?
Kaori: "Hey, that's not very nice. Didn't want to see me? And I came all the way here, too."
I decide to say that a bit jokingly. Mr. Ryukaku gets really angry if you don't do things properly, but if you do things properly, he becomes very forgiving. He's a really nice old man when you get used to him. But now...
Ryukaku: "Well...you'll...you'll do..."
His breathing is labored as he speaks. He's clearly gotten worse. Since I'm not in charge of him, I kept myself from looking at his reports or medical records, but... But if I'm going to take care of Mr. Ryukaku, even a little bit, I should at least take a look at those logs.
Ryukaku: "No...no, Hatsumi's the best for this...*cough*"
Ahh, he's coughing, too! What should I do? Should I rub his back?
Kaori: "The Chief is busy in the nurses station, so I came in her place..."
Ryukaku: "I bet she's busy...she's really...talented."
Aww, Mr. Ryukaku...he's really fighting to get the words out. He doesn't have to push himself, either.
Ryukaku: "My son, he...he has a daughter. And she's...she's a real handful...*cough*"
Kaori: "M-Mr. Ryukaku, you don't need to talk if it hurts..."
I quickly move to rub his back. I just want to soothe him a little bit, if I can.
Ryukaku: "Let me talk...because if I die, I won't be able to talk anymore..."
He won't be able to talk if he dies...? I freeze up when I hear that.
Kaori: "Mr. Ryukaku..."
Ryukaku: "My granddaughter is...obsessed with her research. She says that she's...she's got no interest in humans. When she's a human, herself..."
He painfully works out his words with countless pauses. I quietly listen to what he says.
Ryukaku: "If she met...someone as, as human as Hatsumi...even that foolish girl could...could learn what a person's warmth is...is like..."
Ryukaku: "She could...teach her, could...set that fool of a daughter right..."
Kaori: "Set her...right...?"
Ryukaku: "The next leader of our group...she needs her to be her secretary and wife...she, she needs Hatsumi..."
Wife?! And secretary?!
???: "I'd appreciate it if you didn't share people's private lives like that."
Huh?!
Kaori: "Ch-Chief?!"
Before I know it, the Chief is standing behind me. I hadn't noticed her at all!
Ryukaku: "Ohhh, Hatsu...mi. Glad you, you finally came...*cough, cough*"
Hatsumi: "I came to aid my subordinate, not to agree to a political marriage with your granddaughter."
Ryukaku: "Oh, don't be like...like that... You're going to stop...stop my heart with that coldness..."
Hatsumi: "That has nothing to do with this."
Ryukaku: "Worried that you...you would be married to a woman? I can...I can see that. But my granddaughter would be...*cough, cough*!"
Kaori: "Mr. Ryukaku!"
Mr. Ryukaku starts coughing hard. I scramble to tap on his back. I rhythmically tap at his back, trying to help him expunge his phlegm a little easier.
Kaori: "Ch-Chief, why would you push him like that?"
Mr. Ryukaku's in so much pain, and she's being so cold!
Hatsumi: "...That's not the problem. I told you before that I'm promised to someone else."
Kaori: "Huh?!"
The Chief's revelation renders me speechless. She's engaged?!
Hatsumi: "I'm still young and hard at work in mastering nursing. I don't have any time for love."
Ryukaku: "...You don't have any light in your life."
Hatsumi: "If that ‘light' is romance or love, I don't need it. This is the life I’ve chosen."
Hatsumi: "I'm married to my work."
She says it without any hesitation......That was kind of cool. But...it's a little sad to say that she doesn't need love. Then, I notice that the Chief is already behind me.
Hatsumi: "I'll be off, then. Your secretary sent word that she would be here right away."
The Chief gives me a push on the back, trying to take her out of the room with me.
Ryukaku: "You're...Sawai, right?"
Kaori: "Yes?"
Ryukaku: "I felt a...a little better, when you rubbed me... Thanks...for coming out..."
Ryukaku: "Work real...real hard, to keep that kindness about you..."
His breaths sound painful, but he smiles all the same.
Kaori: "...I will."
I almost feel like I'm going to cry. What a nice old man. Worried about the granddaughter he would leave behind, he fought through the pain to make his offer to the Chief, and to tell a newbie like me how he feels...
Hatsumi: "...That surprised you, didn't it?"
Kaori: "Yeah, it did."
I wipe my tears and look up at the Chief. I hadn't imagined that I'd hear a marriage offer to her when I stepped into Mr. Ryukaku's room.
Hatsumi: "It was about...half a year ago. I went to a dinner at the director's request. That's where I met Mr. Ryukaku's granddaughter."
Kaori: "You mean..."
Hatsumi: "She was an appealing woman as a professional, but I don't think we'll be anything more than close friends....That's how I feel about that set-up meeting."
The Chief chuckles.
Hatsumi: "What would you do in my position, Sawai?"
Kaori: "Me?"
Hatsumi: "Mr. Ryukaku is a sponsor of this hospital."
Hatsumi: "The director of both the hospital and the nursing department ordered me to meet with a relative of his, specifically with the intent for us to marry."
Hatsumi: "What would you have done, if it were you?"
I gasp at her question. For me right now, it's an unimaginable situation, but... I can't guarantee something like it won't happen in the future, so...
Kaori: "...If it were me..."
I think a little before stating my answer. I might get pressured into marrying her. I think I'd run away at the last minute.
Kaori: "I might get pressured into marrying her, I think."
I do fold pretty easily. That's just my personality. So I wouldn't be able to refuse something like that.
Kaori: "But...I don't think it would be all bad."
Hatsumi: "Oh? What, for example?"
Kaori: "Hmm, well...Mr. Ryukaku's rich, right? Might as well make the best of it and look at it as marrying into money, I guess."
Hatsumi: "...Forget all this."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Hatsumi: "I was a fool for asking you..."
H-Hey...!
Kaori: "I think I'd run away at the last minute. It's cowardly, but...I don't think I'd have any other choice."
I'd look for a way to escape until the very end, but I know how clumsy I am, so I don't think I'd be able to win in a battle of wills. So even though it would make trouble for a lot of people, even though it's cowardly, I think I'd have no choice but to run away at the last minute.
Hatsumi: "...You'd run away?"
Kaori: "Well..."
She says it with a bit of a mocking tone, and my cheeks grow hot. Didn't I have any other way of putting it?!
Kaori: "If I'm going to be with someone, I want to be with someone I love. I want to fall in love with someone and be with that person for good!"
The Chief looks awfully surprised when I say that. Then, she lets out a lonely smile.
Hatsumi: "Love, huh... You sure are young."
What does she mean by that? Does she think that wanting to be with someone you loved was something only a young person would think? ...This is really awkward... I've got to change the subject!
Kaori: "B-But, she's a researcher and I'm a nurse! We're both professionals, so it wouldn't be too damaging if I ran away!"
Hatsumi: "And how so?"
Kaori: "Well...it would be really hard to come back to the hospital, so I could...quit..."
Hatsumi: "...Well, that's one way of looking at it. Not a laudable way, though."
Hatsumi: "Well, let's leave the chatter at that. You're not off the clock yet, are you?"
She lightly pats me on the shoulder. Physically ending the conversation.
Kaori: "All right."
====================scr00420.kgo====================
I'm doing my rounds in the outpatient ward, at the Chief's orders. She also acknowledged Senpai's efforts, releasing her from free duties and getting her room back! And since Senpai is back on the field, I can do errands around the hospital without worrying! Miss Sakai's the only patient I'm in charge of, so for all of my other duties, I've got to help out around the hospital! I want people to appreciate me being in the ward, even just a little! There've been plenty of orders in the examination room, so the technicians look really tired. G-Good job, all of you... I mean, the surgery data I hadn't gotten yet could barely fit into its holder, and I'm holding an immense amount of data from the internal medicine ward....And when I get back to the ward, I'm going to have to split these up by patient and post them onto their medical records... Thinking about that is a little demoralizing. If Senpai was still on free duty, we could have split this up, too... Ah! Enough of that! Processing exam data is a really important job, and I can't be picking and choosing my jobs! And besides, Senpai getting busy with taking care of her patients suits her a lot more! I shake my head and get back into work mode.
Kaori: "All right, I've got to hurry back to the ward!"
When I start heading for the stairs, I notice a man there staring right at me.
???: "......"
H-He's a patient, right? Or is he a patient's family member? ...... Is it just me, or is he glaring at me? ...This is kind of scary...
Kaori: "H-Hello..."
???: "...Excuse me."
He bows his head and hurries off.
Kaori: "......"
I see a tense look on his face right before he leaves....Was he...watching me...? ...Come to think of it, I think this has happened before... Am I just...imagining this? Yeah, I'm thinking way too much about this! I've only been working for two months here -- there's no way there'd be patients or their family that would know my face outside of my ward....So why was that person staring at me, and why did he run away when he saw I noticed him? Am I just reading too much into this? ...... No way. My intuition is telling me no. My intuition's telling me that he was watching me and ran off when he got noticed.
Kaori: "......"
I say out loud that I'm scared...and, feeling like the fear is going to consume me, I quietly go up the stairs.
====================scr00421.kgo====================
Urgh... So sleepy... Can't keep my eyes open.
Nagisa: "You okay, Sawai...? You look worse than me, and I'm stale off the night shift."
Kaori: "*Yawn* I'm fine... Bring on the work..."
I try shaking my head dismissively. My spine creaks, and my muscles tense up in protest... Argh! Someone get me a bed!!
Hatsumi: "Good morning. Seems we're all here. Begin reports."
Kaori: "*Yawn*..."
Hatsumi: "Whoever's yawning, I heard that! If you find this boring then leave!!"
Kaori: "Ergh! S...Sorry!!"
Geez, I got another scolding. Everything's falling apart because I was up until morning helping Yamanouchi with her drafts!!
Yasuko: "...*Chortle*"
I stare murderously at Yamanouchi. She returns a cheeky wink....She'll be the death of me...
Yasuko: "My bad, for keeping ya tangled up until sun up, Sawai!"
Kaori: "You've got that right! The Chief came down on my case because of you!!"
Yasuko: "We'll pick this up later. Right now, we've got work, work, work to do."
Kaori: "Hmph! Don't think you're wriggling out of this one!!"
An argument breaks out behind me.
Gorin: "Are you deaf?! All I'm asking you to do is run out and get me some smokes!!"
Nursing Assistant: "As I said before, we cannot indulge personal requests!!"
A nursing assistant clutching a soiled diaper and Mr. Gorin glare at each other. Yamanouchi hands a pair of unused rubber gloves to me and casually wedges herself between the bristling pair.
Yasuko: "What in tarnation is happening here?"
Nursing Assistant: "Mr. Gorin is demanding I run out and buy him cigarettes..."
Gorin: "Come on, I've got an exam coming up. I just want to unwind with a smoke after, you know."
Nursing Assistant: "I keep telling you we're busy with changing diapers!"
Oh no, it looks like they're ready for round two!!
Yasuko: "Now, now, no need to get your breeches in a bunch. Y'all can go back to work, alrighty?"
The nursing assistant breathes a sigh of relief and scurries into room 303.
Yasuko: "Mr. Gorin, ya said ya had an examination... That right?"
Gorin: "Exactly. So I don't have the time to buy smokes. Can't smoke them if I can't buy them."
Gorin: "So I asked her to buy me some so I had something to smoke as soon as the exam's over."
Yasuko: "Then how about you employ a cigarette maid on your own damn dime?"
Gorin: "Wha...?"
Whoa! Yamanouchi's going full meltdown on a patient!!
Yasuko: "Time we spend getting you cigarettes is time we should be working. You want a nurse to work for ya, get it in writing."
Gorin: "Come on. I'm just asking for five, maybe ten minutes!"
Yasuko: "Do you know what my salary is? The hospital pays that out to me in exchange for discharging various duties."
Yasuko: "We're employed to treat the patient's illnesses, not to entertain their personal requests."
Yasuko: "Ya want a servant then feel free to employ one of your own."
Yasuko: "Or failing that, put in a formal human resources request to the hospital and pay time up front."
Gorin: "........."
Yasuko: "*Sigh* And cigarettes, to boot... Sending staff out on personal errands for your health would be one thing, but having them courier poison for ya..."
Gorin: "Alright, I get it, already! I'll go buy them myself once my exam's over!!"
Yasuko: "Much obliged. Mighty happy we're on the same page!"
Gorin: "........."
Mr. Gorin stomps back to his room.
Kaori: "......"
That was incredible... I couldn't outwit Mr. Gorin like that...
Yasuko: "Don't spoil selfish patients. Ya do them a favor and they'll start taking ya for granted. Remember that."
Kaori: "I will!"
...I need to live by the lessons Yamanouchi's on-the-job training provides!
====================scr00422.kgo====================
Kaori: "I'm back!"
I'd gone to address an injection extraction call, and got chewed out because the bleeding region hurt... Even though I didn't set the needle in the first place. Still, I guess that means the patients recognize me as bonafide member of the staff......Think positive thoughts. Positive thoughts... Things would be so easy if I could...
Yasuko: "*Sigh*..."
Kaori: "That's a big sigh. What's wrong?"
If anything, I feel I should be the one sighing. But I suppose being a veteran like Yamanouchi comes with its own headaches.
Yasuko: "...Say, why do you do this job?"
Kaori: "Huh...?"
Yasuko: "It's a nurse's job to look out for her patient's interests, right? Not the hospital's, or the doctor's?"
D...Don't ask the newbie! How am I supposed to know...?!
Kaori: "...Yeah...I suppose. That's the letter of the Nightingale Pledge we were made to swear in nursing school."
Yasuko: "The Nightingale Pledge, huh... Try reciting that part."
R...Reciting?! I crammed it for the capping ceremony. I don't remember the first verse, anymore!!
Kaori: "Erm... Sorry, I don't remember."
Senpai looks up from her report and extends a helping hand.
Nagisa: "Hmph, it's the last line, remember? ‘I shall be loyal in aiding the physician in his work, and devoted towards the welfare of those committed to my care.’..."
Kaori: "Yeah, that's what I was just going to say."
My smile doesn't help dispel the exasperation on Yamanouchi's and Senpai's faces....Urgh, ouch.
Yasuko: "It's part of our job to aid the doctors, but from a position of equality. There's no call for ordering us around, and we're not duty-bound to blindly obey."
Kaori: "Yeah... True..."
Yasuko: "We follow the treatment policy outlined by the doctor, but that policy ought to be second fiddle to the patient's wishes...!"
What's gotten into Yamanouchi? Is she getting worked up over this...?
Kaori: "...Yamanouchi, did something happen?"
Nagisa: "Mr. Ryukaku's family is demanding we put him on life-extending treatment."
Kaori: "Huh? Didn't Mr. Ryukaku expressly state not to continue his care?"
I'm dead sure that Mr. Ryukaku signed off on a DNR, forbidding attempts to resuscitate him. His son agreed to it, too...
Nagisa: "He did... But at the end of the day whether we respect the wishes of the patient, or those of his family is the doctor's call to make."
Senpai's is visibly torn on the issue....No wonder Yamanouchi is raining thunder. Yamanouchi is close to Mr. Ryukaku...so she can't consent to a treatment policy that disrespects his wishes.
Yasuko: "*Sigh* None of this makes a lick of sense... What's the point in a treatment that stamps all over the patient's wishes?"
I'd never guessed from her quirks that she'd be so committed to her patients!! I know what kind of nurse I want to be, now. No, what kind of nurse I have to be!
====================scr00423.kgo====================
Kaori: "Hrrrmmm..."
It's one of those rare afternoons where I've finished reports early and have nothing to do. I'm going to be pretty free until 3pm when the pharmacy shipment of IV liquid comes in. However, I don't think I'll have enough time to strike up a casual conversation with any of the patients. The patients are usually really bored, so when they get a chance to talk, boy do they talk.
Hatsumi: "I'm back... Oh, it's just you, Sawai?"
Kaori: "Yes. Senpai is caught up with the children in room 306, so I decided to go over the temperature charts."
Not only Senpai's, either. I went over all the records for the nurses in this wing and filled them out, following notes they left. It's actually annoying filling out temperature charts. There's still not much I can do, so I thought I might as well try to help out my superiors by doing some chores for them.
Hatsumi: "That's the spirit."
The Chief nods, then goes right to her desk and starts writing some kind of note.
Kaori: "......"
Ugh, I can't help but get nervous when I'm all alone with the Chief in here. It's not as though I don't like her or something. It's just hard to approach her in that white uniform. I can still feel pressure from her when I'm not even looking at her.
Kaori: "Um, I'm going to check on Senpai."
Hatsumi: "Of course. See you later."
Kaori: "...Phew."
I finally feel like I can breathe when I get out of the nurses station. Why do I sense so much pressure from her? I don't get that feeling at all when she's in normal clothes. Feeling eyes burning a hole in me, I turn and look down the hall. I see a little face peeking out of the room all the way down at the end.
Kaori: "Oh...!"
The patient the Chief said was difficult, Mayuki, is staring right at me. I still don't understand why the Chief would have to warn me about how difficult that patient is. But every once in a while, she sticks her head out and eyes me with a longing expression when I'm all by myself.
Kaori: "Hmm... Maybe I should go talk with Mayuki."
As I walk over to her with a smile, she checks all around her cautiously.
Mayuki: "Are you alone?"
Kaori: "Um... Yes. Why?"
Mayuki: "Then hurry up and get in here."
She takes my hand and whisks me into the room.
Mayuki: "Why are you out here today? Aren't you normally in the nurses office at this time?"
Kaori: "Yes. I finished my reports, so I figured I'd go around and see how the patients were doing."
Mayuki: "Patients? Plural? I thought you were in charge of only one patient."
Urgh... She certainly doesn't sugarcoat her words. The fact that she even knows that tells me just how active the information system between patients is here.
Kaori: "Yes... I'm pretty sure my patient won't appreciate a visit from me, so I wanted to check on some other patients while I had the chance."
Mayuki: "What, your patient hates you?"
Kaori: "Guh...!"
That really hurts. I was not expecting her to be so blatant about something obviously so sensitive.
Mayuki: "This might be your job, but we're all human. You'll get along with some, you won't with others. It's nothing to be upset about."
Is she trying to cheer me up?
Kaori: "You make a good point."
I'm not sure how I feel about someone so young cheering me up like this.
Mayuki: "......"
Huh? Mayuki looks displeased when she hears a knock at the door.
Kaori: "Mayuki, is everything okay?"
Mayuki: "Leave me be."
Kaori: "But..."
Kaori: "Come on in!"
Although I'm curious why Mayuki is in a bad mood all of a sudden, I can't ignore the knocking at the door forever. The door opens when I finally answer.
Kaori: "A-Ami?!"
Ami: "Hehe. I came over when I saw you come into Mayuki's room."
Her smile is so carefree. On the other hand, Mayuki looks even more displeased and refuses to look at Ami.
Ami: "I've never really talked to her before, but now thanks to you I finally can!"
Hm? Thanks to me? Does she mean she's tried multiple times to talk with Mayuki before?
Ami: "Let me formally introduce myself! My name's Ami Asada, and I'm in room 306. Nice to meet you!"
She steps forward with a smile and her hand held out.
Mayuki: "......"
Mayuki doesn't even look at her, much less reach out for a handshake. After a moment, Ami reluctantly withdraws her hand.
Ami: "I've been curious about you for a while. I heard Mayuki Wakako has been in room 310 since even before I came here."
Ami: "Isn't it lonely staying in a room all by yourself?"
Mayuki: "...Not really."
Ami: "You must be shy. There's no need for that, though."
Mayuki: "......"
Ami: "It's so boring being by yourself, isn't it? If you'd like, I can come and hang out every once in a while!"
Mayuki: "No thanks."
Ami: "Come to think of it, Wakamoto... Can I call you Mayuki? Oh, I know! I need to give you a cute nickname!"
Kaori: "Umm..."
I can't hide my surprise. Is Ami really going to ignore Mayuki's blatant disdain?!
Ami: "Let's see... How about Mayu?"
Mayuki: "M-Mayu...?"
Ami: "I was thinking about Mayukichi, but a cute girl like you wouldn't gel too well with such a boyish name."
The newly dubbed "Mayu"
furrows her brow in deep concern.
Ami: "What did you learn in school... Oh, wait. You've been in the hospital for a long time now. I can teach you stuff!"
Ami: "I might not look it, but I'm in high school. It's embarrassing to admit, but my grades are good, so I'm sure I can teach you a lot."
Mayuki: "I've done plenty of studying, thank you."
She says coldly, without even looking her in the eyes. Yet Ami still doesn't back down.
Ami: "How can you say that? Studying is annoying when you're a kid, but the knowledge you get from it will be your best weapon when you go out into the real world!"
Mayuki: "...No thanks."
Ami: "Your peers will fly right by you while you're stuck in the hospital, so you'll have to work harder than everyone else..."
Mayuki: "Ung... Ughhhh!"
Mayuki suddenly grabs her head and curls up on her bed.
Kaori: "M-Mayuki?!"
Ami: "What's wrong?!"
Is she getting one of those migraines? Seemingly not wanting to worry Ami, Mayuki tries to shake it off.
Kaori: "Sorry Ami, but could you give it a break for now?"
Ami: "Oh...right. Sorry. I'll go back to my room now."
Hoping to make her feel even a little bit better, I lay Mayuki down on her bed.
Kaori: "Are you all right?"
I take a deep breath and caress her head. I'm not sure if it'll help this time, but I can always pray it will...!
Mayuki: "I'm fine. It seems to have died down."
Good. It looks like it worked again.
Kaori: "I'm sorry for accidentally leading Ami in here."
Mayuki: "Damn right. This is why I want people to leave me alone."
She scoffs unpleasantly. I've been wondering about something for a while, and decide to ask about it now for future reference.
Kaori: "Umm... Mayuki, do you hate Ami or something?"
Mayuki: "No, I don't hate her. I just don't like kids that can't read a situation."
Kaori: "......"
Hmm. She's right that sometimes Ami can't read the situation, but it seemed like this time she just ignored the situation from the get-go. But Mayuki is a kid, too. I bet if I chimed in with that she'd get REAL angry. Anyway, it seems like Mayuki just doesn't get along well with Ami. And that nickname, Mayukichi... Ami took it back, but I actually think it's a cute name for her. I won't call her that, of course, because she'd definitely get mad at me.
====================scr00424.kgo====================
I went to Mayuki's room again today and talked with her for a bit. As usual, she spoke and acted in a way that felt much too mature for her age, but she does seem to be warming up to me. While there are patients like Miss Sakai who just seem to hate me for no reason, I'm glad to know patients like Mayuki like me. Personal relationships are so complicated, huh?
Kaori: "Oh..."
Just then, I spot an elderly woman. She must be in her late 50's or so. She stands in front of Mayuki's room, then turns and stares at me. I see her bow, so I quickly smile and follow suit.
Kaori: "H-Hello."
She smiles with a glint of sadness in her eyes, then goes into the room. I wonder if that's Mayuki's mother? If it's not, it must be another family member. It must be so difficult knowing that such a young girl has to be confined to a hospital room.
Kaori: "I'm back."
Hatsumi: "There you are, Sawai. Can you come back here for a second?"
Kaori: "Wha... Yes!"
The Chief called me directly to her desk! She seems like she's in a really bad mood, too! D-Did I do something wrong?! Ugh... What is she going to say to me?
Hatsumi: "Sawai... You don't know why I called you over here, do you?"
Kaori: "N-No..."
Hatsumi: "What's the name of the patient you're overseeing again?"
Kaori: "S-Sayuri Sakai."
Hatsumi: "Right, Miss Sakai. Then whose room were you in just now?"
Now I know what she's getting at.
Kaori: "I was in Mayuki Wakamoto's room."
Hatsumi: "It looks like you've forgotten what I told you your first day, so let me tell you again."
Hatsumi: "Miss Wakamoto is a difficult patient. Even if she calls for a nurse, there's no need for you to go see her."
Kaori: "But..."
Hatsumi: "You're still the new girl. It's pretty much impossible for you to care for Miss Wakamoto without proper experience."
Kaori: "......"
I understand what she's trying to say. That I'm a newbie, and I have no experience. I also know that someone like Mayuki needs a veteran nurse with knowledge and experience that can actually care for her, not someone with suspicious "healing hands"
like me.
Hatsumi: "Instead of trying to bite off more than you can chew with Miss Wakamoto, you need to prioritize giving proper care to your own patient."
Kaori: "......"
Hatsumi: "Do you understand?"
I have to answer... I can't give her proper care... I understand...
Kaori: "I may not be able to give her proper care, but I can at least talk to her!"
Hatsumi: "Talk to her?"
Kaori: "At the very least, she seems to like me."
Kaori: "She's so young, yet she's forced to live in that single room all by herself. That's heartbreaking!"
Hatsumi: "You can only say something so naive because you don't know anything."
Kaori: "What?"
Hatsumi: "Either way! You are forbidden from entering room 310 from now on, Sawai!"
Kaori: "......!"
Hatsumi: "Don't have anything to say about that, do you?"
She completely denies me at every turn, and I feel like I want to cry. I thought the Chief was someone who would listen to and understand even a newbie like me... I can't believe she's ordering me around like this without even letting me properly explain.
Kaori: "...I understand..."
Something warm drips down my cheek.
Kaori: "...I understand..."
I'm about to cry. The frustration I feel of being a newbie and not being able to deny what the Chief says is almost unbearable.
Kaori: "........."
The frustration builds up behind my eyes and pushes out a tear that slides down my cheek.
Hatsumi: "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you."
Hatsumi: "But if something bad happens, it'll have been too late. My responsibilities here are not only to protect the patients, but my nurses that work in this wing as well."
Kaori: "Yes... I understand."
I really do understand, and I know she's right. My mind understands that if something goes wrong it'll be too late, but my heart just can't accept it.
Hatsumi: "You should take a break here. Wipe those tears away and get back to work once you've calmed down."
Kaori: "...Okay..."
I just can't focus on writing my reports. The shock of being told I can no longer visit Mayuki in her room is almost too much to bear. Senpai and Yamanouchi, along with some other nurses on duty cast me worried glances, but I don't even have the energy to give them a smile.
Hatsumi: "I'm back."
I nearly jump out of my seat when the Chief announces her return to the nurses office. It's not even her fault.
Hatsumi: "Sawai, I know I told you not to go to Miss Wakamoto's room before, but... I take it back."
Nagisa: "What?!"
Nagisa reacts even before I can.
Nagisa: "You hurt her feelings with such a mean order, only to take it back?!"
Hatsumi: "Fujisawa, there are things about this you just don't understand."
Kaori: "......"
Yasuko: "All's well that ends well, ain't that right? Now Sawai can go pay Mayu a lil visit whenever she likes!"
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi, I can't say I'm impressed hearing you call the patients by some strange nicknames like that."
Yasuko: "What, I'm just pickin' a little. No big deal, not at all."
Yamanouchi looks vexed at the Chief's criticism. I don't really get it, but the Chief is letting me visit Mayuki's room again, right? Looking up, I find Nagisa watching all of this with what I can only describe as an unsatisfied expression.
Nagisa: "What do you like about that girl anyway? She's moody, and doesn't act like a kid at all."
Yasuko: "Tsk, tsk, tsk. Fujisawa, y'all just don't get it, do ya? Dealin' with her moods is part of the fun!"
Nagisa: "Hmph, sorry. I don't speak Kansai!"
Yasuko: "What'd you say, Horseysawa?!"
Yamanouchi takes Nagisa's head and shoves it right into her huge, but not as huge as the Chief's, breasts.
Nagisa: "Mmggff?!"
Yasuko: "Kids with attitudes get a taste of my dynamite bust!"
Nagisa: "I...can't...breathe..."
Nagisa wriggles in the clutches of Yamanouchi.
Yasuko: "Yer jealous, aintcha? Yer so flat chested you could stand on your head an' nobody'd notice!"
Nagisa: "The bigger they are...the more easily they sag...*Pfft.*"
Yasuko: "Yer really cruisin' for a bruisin' girl!"
Nagisa taps on Yamanouchi's side as if to say uncle. The part timers all laugh as they look on, with no one trying to stop them. The Chief usually jumps in to stop their horsing around at this point, but today she ignores it and looks sternly at me instead.
Hatsumi: "......"
Kaori: "Umm... Thank you!"
Hatsumi: "...Don't worry about it."
I know I'm still inexperienced not only as a nurse, but as a person, too. So for now, I might only be able to talk to Mayuki, but I'll do my best so that one day I might be able to care for her as well!
====================scr00425.kgo====================
Today, no matter what I talk about, Mayuki only seems to listen absentmindedly.
Kaori: "The Yamanouchi..."
Mayuki: "You don't have to pretend to be fine, you know."
Kaori: "What?"
I freeze, unsure of what was just said to me.
Mayuki: "It's painfully obvious how hard you're trying to be so cheerful."
Agh! How is she so perceptive?!
Kaori: "S-Sorry... I figured it's my job to try to be cheerful and have fun. That's what a professional would do."
Miss Sakai just laid into me yesterday, then all that happened a little while ago before I could even recover. I probably should have given myself some time before coming here again.
Mayuki: "Instead of trying to be all cheerful, why don't you tell me why you look so sad?"
Is Mayuki worried about me? Her voice is as indifferent as ever, but I know she's worried about me even if she doesn't want to show her emotions directly.
Kaori: "Hmm... You know... I really don't think I can."
I almost talk to her about it, but I stop myself at the last second.
Mayuki: "What, are you worried I'll talk to somebody else about it?"
Mayuki: "As you know, I'm in this hospital room alone, with no friends. "
Mayuki: "Even if someone did come to talk to me, I probably wouldn't want to talk to them anyway, so don't worry about it."
Kaori: "That's not what I'm worried about."
Mayuki: "Bottling things up is bad for your health. Remember when I held myself back when Ami was talking to me? I just got another one of those headaches."
Kaori: "Hmm. There's that, too."
Mayuki: "Just tell me. What's wrong?"
Kaori: "Hmm... I'm sure you've heard it all before. Things aren't going well with my patient. It's not very interesting."
Mayuki: "Oh, that thin, long-haired girl?"
Kaori: "Yeah... Just like you said, you get along with some patients and not at all with others."
Mayuki: "I've spoken with that young lady plenty of times. She always seemed like such a child, wrapped up in her own suffering, unable to really see what's going on around her."
Kaori: "Mayuki...?"
She sighs deeply.
Mayuki: "When you're lost in your own suffering, not only do you not appreciate the kindness and sincerity of others, but you lose your grasp on what goes on around you."
Mayuki: "It feels good to pity yourself. As long as you don't try to get back on your feet, you don't realize how much you're really suffering."
Mayuki: "As long as she's lost in her own self pity, nothing will change. That isn't your fault, so don't worry about it."
Kaori: "Mayuki..."
She's so young, yet so deep...!
Mayuki: "When you stay in a hospital as long as I have, you tend to be able to see the darkness in people. That's all."
Kaori: "That's all? Mayuki, you're so..."
Mayuki: "I'm so what? Come on, out with it."
Kaori: "Right... You're so...philosophical."
Mayuki: "Yes, it may have something to do with being pent up in this hospital for so long, and that I come from a family of fortune tellers."
Mayuki: "Maybe that's why I sound like an oracle every once in a while...*Groan*"
She holds her head and rolls up into a ball.
Kaori: "Mayuki!"
I quickly pull her into my arms and caress her head......if only to ease her pain just a little. I'm not sure how long we sit there for when Mayuki finally moves.
Mayuki: "I'm okay now... It seems to have subsided."
Kaori: "...Are you sure?"
When I go to take my arms from her, she grabs my hand.
Mayuki: "My headache is gone, but can you hold me like this for just a little longer?"
Kaori: "What?"
Mayuki: "You don't have to if you don't want to."
I grab her as she tries to move away and hug her tightly.
Mayuki: "Wah?!"
Kaori: "Children aren't supposed to hold back like that!"
Mayuki: "Wh-What are you...?!"
Kaori: "You're just a little girl, so you should take as much kindness from adults as you can get."
I chuckle as I hold her head in my bosom, combing her hair with my fingers.
Mayuki: "...I see..."
A sudden bout of dizziness hits me......but it's gone in the next instant. Come to think of it, I think I've been getting dizzy when I get up recently. Maybe I'm just tired from working with a patient that won't open up to me. I wish Miss Sakai would warm up to me like Miss Wakamoto has.
====================scr00426.kgo====================
The Chief and I eat lunch together today. She's opened up to me in private, but when she's in work mode around me, I can't help but feel nervous.
Hatsumi: "It's been two months."
Kaori: "Y-Yes?!"
Hatsumi: "I'm saying it's been two months since you became a nurse here at Yurigahama General Hospital."
Kaori: "Oh... Yes, you're right."
Ugh, I get so nervous talking to the Chief when she's in her nurse uniform!
Hatsumi: "Have you gotten used to the job yet?"
Kaori: "Well... It's pretty tough because I have so much to learn. Not to mention my relationship with Miss Sakai."
Hatsumi: "......"
Wait, what's wrong? Chief Hatsumi looked disappointed for just a second.
Hatsumi: "How is Miss Wakamoto?"
Oh yeah. I guess the Chief knows very well how bad my relationship with Miss Sakai is. She's obviously more concerned about the so-called difficult patient, Miss Wakamoto. Why am I so slow?
Kaori: "She gets headaches every once in a while, but she's taken quite a liking to me."
Hatsumi: "Really."
That doesn't seem to make her feel any better. I wonder what could be wrong?
Hatsumi: "She's an important patient of the Chief Director, so make sure you don't offend her in any way."
Kaori: "Yes, I will..."
Something seems off to me about what she says. Usually she tells me to treat all the patients equally.
Kaori: "Oh yeah. A few days ago I saw a woman in her 50's in the hall."
Kaori: "She went in Mayuki's room, so I figured it was someone in her family. Does that person know the Chief Director?"
Hatsumi: "It'd be for your own good if you didn't investigate things that don't concern you."
She tells me coldly.
Kaori: "S-Sorry."
Looking back on it, she seemed kind, but her eyes were filled with sadness.
Kaori: "That woman looked so sad, though. It must be so hard to have someone in your family suffering from an illness."
Kaori: "I feel so bad, especially because it's such a young girl like Mayuki."
Hatsumi: "......"
The Chief goes silent and stares at me with an indescribable look. The look on her face tells me there's some deep, hidden uneasiness inside her heart, but I pretend not to notice it and return to my lunch.
====================scr00427.kgo====================
I'm so...sleepy... How can I work a day shift after an all-nighter? It's impossible! I'm so sleepy that I just went to the bathroom to perk myself up with a face wash. I feel a little better, but give me a break, Yamanouchi!
???: "Here you go. You eat so much, don't you?"
Hm?
???: "That's it. Eat up, and you'll get better in no time."
I can hear a voice coming from room 306. Peeking inside, I find Ami, Kohaku, and for some reason Yamanouchi playing house. No other kids are there.
Kohaku: "That's so good, eat up! Here's some for you, too, big bro!"
Yasuko: "I'll have double!"
Yamanouchi is playing the brother?!
Kohaku: "You eat so much, don't you big bro?"
Yasuko: "I have to get better! I'm causing so much trouble for mother and sister. I have to eat up and make a lot of money!"
Ami: "Brother... You don't have to worry about that."
W-Wait a second. Who's supposed to be older? Ami, or Yamanouchi?
Kohaku: "Yeah, you both just need to eat up and feel better."
Ami: "I'm going to start training to be a wife when I get out."
Kohaku: "A wife! Lucky you!"
Yasuko: "...Is that okay?"
Ami: "What will you do when you get out of the hospital, mother?"
Kohaku: "That's a very good question."
Yasuko: "We can just play with our friends all the time!"
Kohaku: "Oh no, your bugs!"
Ami: "*Gasp*! Not the bug slippers father bought me! One of its eyes popped out..."
Yasuko: "Lemme just draw another eye on with my magic then!"
Kohaku: "Nope! No magic! We need to find it a real eye!"
Kohaku: "You'll be sorry if you take girls lightly!"
Yasuko: "......"
For once, Yamanouchi has nothing to say back.
???: "Wow, it's so rare to see Yamanouchi be shut down like that."
I turn around and see Nagisa behind me. Meanwhile, Yamanouchi plays the big brother and looks around the floor of the hospital room for the missing eye.
Yasuko: "There it is! Don't be goin' and losin' this again now!"
Kohaku: "Can you do some surgery on it, big brother? You're a top doctor, aren't you?"
They added another thing to the story!
Yasuko: "But it's such a difficult surgery. Even I only have a very slight chance of succeeding."
Kohaku: "Please! How could we let this poor bug go without vision for the rest of his life?!"
Yasuko: "I see. I figured it might come to this."
Yamanouchi reaches into her pocket and takes out some adhesive bond. Yet despite her efforts, the eye to Ami's slipper just won't seem to stay on.
Yasuko: "Th-This is out of my hands. Medic! I need a medic!"
Nagisa: "Let's head back, Sawai."
Kaori: "Wait, can't we watch a little longer?"
Things are just getting good!
Nagisa: "This is making me kind of tired. Come on, let's go."
The ending to the play house in room 306 stays in the back of my mind as Nagisa drags me back to the nurses office.
Yasuko: "Whew! I'm bushed!"
Kaori: "Oh... Welcome back, Yamanouchi."
I can barely hold back my laughter when I think about how she was playing the big brother. My voice falters a little because I'm trying so hard not to laugh.
Nagisa: "Did you manage to fix Ami's slipper?"
Yasuko: "Yer heartless. I had to sew that thing with a needle and thread, ya know!"
Wait... Did Yamanouchi know we were standing by, watching that whole thing?
Nagisa: "I didn't know you could be so kind, Yamanouchi. Playing with the kids and all that."
Yasuko: "Playing house is always better with more folks. If Ami were doin' it by herself, she'd have to play all the parts!"
Right, so that's why Yamanouchi was playing with her.
Nagisa: "Kohaku will be out of the hospital soon, too."
Nagisa: "It's so nice for us that an older girl can tell the younger ones to leave the hospital so casually."
Yasuko: "Yeah. And it'd be real rough to just push that onto the oldest of the kids in here alone, y'know?"
I see, so that's what she meant. That's deep.
====================scr00428.kgo====================
Ugh... I can't make any progress on my reports! I slam my head down on the desk, right on top of the blank report sheet.
???: "What are you doing here? Looking for somebody?"
Hmm... Who's Senpai talking to?
???: "Oh, no! I'm fine!"
By the time I look up, it's too late. All I see is someone who looks like Ami run down the hallway.
Kaori: "Was Ami all right?"
Nagisa: "Who knows? I talked to her because I noticed she was looking all around for something, but she just ran away."
Senpai seems just as confused as me. If Senpai doesn't understand it, there's no way I will. So, I turn back to my blank report sheet. Ugh, this is so depressing.
Kaori: "Umm... What was that call with Mr. Gorin about?"
Yamanouchi looks up from her own reports.
Yasuko: "Oh, is somethin' the matter, darlin'?"
Ami: "Oh, it's nothing! I'm sorry!"
I turn around only to once again see the little girl running away.
Kaori: "......?"
Kaori: "Finally, I'm finished..."
Yasuko: "How'd you spend so much time on that?! It's gettin' late, girl!"
She smacks me in the head with a rolled up bunch of report sheets. Well, they say people from Kansai can be pretty biting...
Nagisa: "Let me see... Hm, not bad. I'd like to see some more details, but I can tell you worked hard on this report."
Yasuko: "Fujisawa! I reckon your instructions need a little more detail!"
Nagisa: "Instruction is different for everyone who does it! I'm doing my best for Sawai!"
Yasuko: "Yeah, yer right."
Kaori: "U-Ummm... I need to use the lady's room."
Unable to bear listening to their quarrel, I leave the nurses station.
Kaori: "Oh."
Ami: "Ah!"
Oh yeah, wasn't Ami just kind of wandering around outside the nurses station?
Kaori: "What's wrong? Is there...whoa?!"
Ami: "Come with me!"
She takes me by the hand and pulls me away with her. We eventually get to Ami's hospital room.
Kaori: "Wh-What's wrong, Ami?"
Ami: "U-Umm..."
Ami's cheeks are flushed deep red.
Ami: "K-Kaorin... You didn't tell on me about the roof."
Kaori: "Oh... Yeah, that's right."
Ami: "I-I just wanted to tell you how happy I am for that, so...thank you so much!"
She bows her head, but I quickly lift it up for her.
Kaori: "A-Ami?! Stop that! I didn't do anything to deserve such thanks!"
Hm?
Kaori: "Wait, how did you know I didn't say anything about that?"
A big smile spreads across her face.
Ami: "I saw Sayurin in the bathroom a while ago. She told me you and Nagi had been looking for me..."
Kaori: "Yeah, you were due to take your vitals."
Ami: "I'm not making this up. Me and the other patients all know the roof is off limits."
Ami: "So... If the Chief Nurse found out you and I were up there, she'd completely lock it off, right?"
Kaori: "Yeah..."
I thought for sure that the Chief would not hesitate even for an instant to completely close off the roof.
Ami: "Why would you do that? If the Chief finds out, she'll get really mad!"
Her question is honest, so I decide to answer it truthfully. I was too afraid to tell the truth. Because the roof is your resting place.
Kaori: "The Chief is super scary when she gets mad, so I was really scared of telling her the truth."
I say somewhat jokingly.
Ami: "What?! Is the Chief that scary? But look at her! She's so pretty!"
Kaori: "Well, she can be really nice when she wants to be, but if she gets wind of you even thinking about doing something bad, the lightning strikes!"
Ami: "Wow... Actually, I remember some other kids talking about how they saw the Chief yelling at you."
Ami: "That never happened to me, but I'd probably rather be yelled at than have all that stuff said to me."
Kaori: "I know, right? It happens all the time!"
Kaori: "She's my boss, so I know I can trust her, but it just didn't feel like I would get off by apologizing."
Ami: "I bet things would get ugly if I told the Chief you said that."
Ami smiles, and as I imagine what that would be like, my eyes fill with tears.
Kaori: "What?! No, please! Anything but that!"
Ami: "Hmm, I wonder what I should do..."
Kaori: "Amiiiii!"
Ami: "Hehehe, just kidding!"
Kaori: "Ami! You really scared me!"
You know what happens to bad little girls!
Ami: "Ouch!"
She is a patient, though, so I flick her head a little more lightly than usual. She should be thanking me for going so easy on her!
Kaori: "The roof is where you go to rest, right? I would have felt bad if the only escape from this stuffy hospital life was taken away."
Ami: "So you did it for everyone?"
Kaori: "That was part of it. Seeing how happy you looked playing that forteleu, I just couldn't bring myself to tell the Chief."
Ami: "So you did it for...me?"
For Ami? Maybe. It is true that I thought of Ami when I hesitated about telling the Chief or not.
Kaori: "Will you play for me again some time?"
Ami: "Y-Yeah! Of course, if that's what you'd like!"
Ami jumps on me and gives me a big hug.
Kaori: "Wha...whoa...wowowowoaa!"
I can't hold her up, and I fall down to the floor right on my butt with Ami on top of me.
Ami: "S-Sorry, Kaorin! Are you okay?"
Kaori: "Yeah, I'm fine, but..."
Ami: "But what?"
Kaori: "It didn't hurt at all."
Ami: "Isn't it a good thing that you didn't hurt your butt?"
Kaori: "Yeah, but if it doesn't hurt, that means my butt got bigger!"
Ami: "Which means you got fat...?"
Kaori: "Noooo! Don't even say it!"
What a terrible thought! How could I gain weight while doing all this hard work? Actually, I do eat ramen and snacks late at night and drink sometimes, so it's surprising I haven't gained even more weight! Ami is chuckling.
Ami: "Hehehe... So even adults like you worry about stuff that high school girls worry about."
Kaori: "How rude! Even as an adult, a girl's most taboo issue is gaining weight!"
Ami: "You can't lose weight! Don't try any weird diets, okay?"
Kaori: "What? Why not?"
Ami: "Because..."
She smiles and shoves her face in my breasts.
Ami: "If you go on a diet, these big fluffy pillows will go away!"
Kaori: "Ughh..."
Oh, Ami... My breasts aren't pillows!
====================scr00501.kgo====================
Now. I glance down at my watch. It's just about time for me to change Miss Sakai's IV.
Kaori: "I'm going to pay Miss Sakai a visit."
Yasuko: "Oh boy. Don't let her win any arguments!"
Kaori: "It's not about winning arguments!"
I chuckle at my own words and take Miss Sakai's IV bottle in hand. That's right. I wonder exactly when it was that I realized the best course of action was to just let Miss Sakai complain and not say anything back. Ever since I realized I should just take in whatever complaints she had, things with her have been so much easier. Maybe she isn't complaining just because she wants to. I came up with this idea one day in the bath tub. Maybe the unbearable pain inside her that no one else understands is making her say such mean things. Thinking of it that way, Miss Sakai seems so sad. That's why I want to find her hidden feelings behind all those spiteful words, and let her share those with me, too. Hm? No one's answering. Is she not in her room? I quietly open the door and peek inside.
Kaori: "Miss Sakai, it's time to change your IV!"
Kaori: "Hm? Miss Sakai?"
Where could she have gone?      "You could just leave me alone,       but you go out of your way like this."
Oh, the roof! I should go check up there! If she's not up on the roof... Well, I'll think about that later. Okay... Aha! There she is! Tsukushi is with her, too! Miss Sakai has really taken a liking to her. I'd feel bad interrupting, so I'll just watch from here for a minute.
Tsukushi: "So...I'm going to give this to you for now, Sayuri!"
Sayuri: "Oh, how adorable! You'll let me have it?"
Tsukushi takes out a hat or something and gives it to Miss Sakai. What is it? I can't really see from here.
Tsukushi: "Yeah, I want you to have it! My dad bought them for me!"
Sayuri: "You just had your father buy it for you, but you're going to give it to me?"
Tsukushi: "Yeah! We're supposed to share things important to us! You're important to me, so I'm going to share this with you, Sayuri!"
Tsukushi: "I've always been an only child, so I promised myself I'd treat my sister good when I got one!"
What? When she got an older sister? Does Tsukushi know what she's saying?
Tsukushi: "Let me put it on for you!"
She puts the hat-looking thing on Miss Sakai's head......and...what?! They're cat ears?!
Sayuri: "Hehe! Do I look cute? Meow!"
!!! Did she just meow like a cat?! Did Miss Sakai really just meow like a cat?!
Tsukushi: "Yup, you do look cute! Just like I thought!"
Sayuri: "Meooow! I'm so happy!"
Th-This is way too unexpected. I can't believe how cute Miss Sakai is when she relaxes a little! She's so cute, I'm actually getting a bit dizzy... Whoa, get yourself together! Hmm, maybe if I think of something difficult I can calm down a bit. Let's see, dizzy... The medical terminology for that is presyncope... It's spelled P-R-E-S-Y-N-C-O-P-E... Just calm down already! I'm sure the concentration of adrenaline in my blood is extremely high! Adrenal medulla, stop working so much! Side effects of adrenaline are increased heart rate, dilated pupils, constricted blood vessels, and... Ughh, my brain doesn't want to work right now!
Sayuri: "Meooow, I'm getting sleepy. Do you mind if I snuggle up to you?"
Tsukushi: "Sure, get right in my lap!"
!! Miss Sakai lies down with her head right in Tsukushi's lap. She's even holding her head up with her hand a little so that the weight of her head doesn't make Tsukushi uncomfortable. Miss Sakai is so nice. How adorable... Wait, this isn't the time for that!
Sayuri: "!!"
She turns over and jerks back in fright. We lock eyes. Miss Sakai looks away awkwardly. What should I do? I feel pretty darn awkward as well.
Tsukushi: "Hm? Is somebody there?"
Tsukushi, noticing Miss Sakai's gaze, looks up at me.
Tsukushi: "Oh, a nurse! Would you like to play with us, too, Miss Nurse?"
Kaori: "U-Umm..."
I'd feel bad if I said no, so I put on an amicable smile and approach them.
Kaori: "I...guess I can join you."
Miss Sakai gets up restlessly. Of course she won't make eye contact with me. Her cat ears, now hanging slightly to the side, take my interest more than ever.
Tsukushi: "You're getting up already? You can lie down longer if you want."
Sayuri: "No...I'm quite awake now."
Tsukushi: "Meow!"
Sayuri: "I'm quite awake meow..."
...... Umm... This is kind of cute, but why do I suddenly feel like I can't stand to be here another second? I'm feeling kind of sorry.
Tsukushi: "Look, your ears are messed up. Gotta fix them!"
Sayuri: "M-Meow..."
Tsukushi reaches up and fixes the cat ears on Miss Sakai's head. Umm... What can we talk about?
Kaori: "Tsukushi, you said your dad bought you these?"
Sayuri: "Wha...! Were you eavesdropping?!"
Miss Sakai's cheeks are bright red, but probably not from anger, as she yells at me. It's only now that I realize I just admitted to eavesdropping on them.
Kaori: "Umm... Oh, I'm...sorry."
Sayuri: "I can't believe you would eavesdrop on us!"
Tsukushi: "Come on, Sayuri! Don't do that. She's asking me."
Sayuri: "Oh, sorry."
Miss Sakai is so mild-mannered right now.
Tsukushi: "Hey Miss Nurse! Do you want to try on the cat ears, too?"
What?! Me?!
Kaori: "Umm... I'm okay."
Tsukushi: "Don't be shy. Sayuri, put the cat ears on the nice nurse lady's head."
Miss Sakai takes off her cat ears. Then, looking dumbfounded, she hands the ears to me. Without looking me in the eyes, of course.
Sayuri: "...Here you go."
Tsukushi: "Don't just hand them to her! Put them on the nurse's head!"
Tsukushi: "You were my older sister first, so you have to be nice to the nurse!"
Miss Sakai looks awkward as Tsukushi yells at her. I must look pretty awkward as well. Cat ears... Cat ears and a nurse uniform... And on top of it all, Miss Sakai is the one putting them on me.
Sayuri: "Why do I have to do this..."
Funny, I was just asking myself the same question. I can't say something like that in front of Tsukushi when she looks like she's having so much fun though. The ears are secured on top of my head now.
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai's cheeks turn bright red when I look at her. What the heck is with that reaction?!
Tsukushi: "Oh, that's adorable! Sayuri, isn't the nurse so cute?!"
Miss Sakai turns away from me when she answers Tsukushi.
Sayuri: "Y-Yes..."
Hey, what the heck is with that reaction then?! Does she think I'm not actually cute?! She thinks I look so ridiculous that she can't even look me in the eye?! I need a mirror! I want to see for myself how I look right now! Oh, but maybe I really don't want to see myself like this. Someone help me! Tsukushi and Miss Sakai get along really well. It's very comforting seeing them talk in such a friendly way. It's so nice, but... We go on talking as if there isn't a pair of cat ears on my head. Miss Sakai is doing her best not to look at me, too. It doesn't seem like Tsukushi notices that Miss Sakai is doing that, though. Hmm... Something about Miss Sakai's reaction is really getting me down. I guess I should consider it normal, but...
Sayuri: "Oh, what time is it right now?"
I quickly look down at my watch to check.
Kaori: "It's 14...just past 2 PM."
You get used to using a 24 hour clock when you work as a nurse. I only said is was just past 2 so Tsukushi could understand me, too.
Sayuri: "Tsukushi, it's almost time for your examination."
Oh yeah... Tsukushi was supposed to have an all day blood sugar test today. The all day blood sugar examination involves 7 blood tests, one before each meal and two hours later, then one before bed. There are also 5 urine tests administered throughout the day. By examining the changes in blood sugar throughout the day, you can determine if the patient has diabetes or other information that may help with their treatment. But a little girl like this, getting stuck with so many needles? How awful...
Tsukushi: "Aw, I want to play more!"
Sayuri: "No, no, Tsukushi. You have your examination today. If you don't do your examination, you can't leave the hospital."
Sayuri: "You're going to leave the hospital so you can be home to pat your daddy on the shoulder when he gets home from work, right?"
Tsukushi: "Unngggg..."
Tsukushi's eyes start tearing up. Miss Sakai is very gentle with her words, but arguing Tsukushi down like that leaves her with nowhere to go.
Sayuri: "I'll play with you again some other time. Oh, how about I read you your favorite book next time?"
Tsukushi: "Unng... I like Snow White! Will you read me Snow White?"
Sayuri: "A piece of cake, my little princess!"
Sayuri: "But if you're a bad little princess, this witch will put you to sleep!"
Tsukushi: "Ahhh! A witch!"
Tsukushi gets right up.
Tsukushi: "Oh well. I don't want to cause any trouble for you, so I'll go back to my room!"
Miss Sakai is really amazing. I can't believe she made Tsukushi so willing to do her exam.
Sayuri: "Oh, wait a minute!"
Miss Sakai grabs the cat ears from my head and puts them on Tsukushi's.
Sayuri: "I can tell your father picked them out for you. You look the best in them!"
Tsukushi: "Well duh!"
She confidently spins around and ends it in a cute pose.
Tsukushi: "Bye bye, Miss Nurse! Don't forget your promise, Sayuri!"
She waves at us and heads back down into the hospital. Now, it's just Miss Sakai and I. The refreshing breeze feels so nice up here. Umm... I should probably say something, right? But what would I say?
Sayuri: "How wonderful youth is. Pure, innocent..."
I nod silently.
Sayuri: "It was always my dream to be a pediatric nurse."
Kaori: "It was?"
I never expected to hear that. Sayuri seems like the kind of girl that would do well in any field.
Sayuri: "Don't look so surprised."
Kaori: "I didn't mean..."
Sayuri: "Even if it may not seem like it, I would never be mean to a child."
Hmm. I wasn't even thinking that. I just never expected Miss Sakai to be so kind in the presence of children. Actually, the only people she even says mean things to are me and Senpai. She's really nice...but she just doesn't know how to show it sometimes.
Sayuri: "I'm not saying this to anyone in particular. You just happened to overhear it, okay?"
Kaori: "What...?"
I was about to say something without realizing what she meant. But I stop myself. She just wants me to listen to her. The expression on her face tells me that. So, I follow my gut instincts and look up into the sky, waiting silently for her to speak.
Sayuri: "Last year I went to take the practical exam for pediatrics."
Sayuri: "The patient I was presiding over was an asthmatic child. A little girl with a little bit of an attitude."
Sayuri: "She was in a room with another patient. The other girl had a brain tumor. She was only 6 years old."
Sayuri: "The tumor was in a deep, hard to reach part of her brain, and they said even with surgery there was no guarantee she would make it off of the operating table."
Sayuri: "She wasn't my patient, but she shared a room with my patient, so I talked to her sometimes. She was such a nice girl."
Sayuri: "She loved her father, her mother, and she had a cute little brother. She sounded so happy when she talked about them."
Sayuri: "She was friendly to me and would talk nonstop. The way she talked was so cute, too. I think she may have had a lisp or something."
Sayuri: "Then, one day it was decided she would undergo surgery. Her nurse thought they were just going to let it grow and see how things went."
Sayuri: "Everyone knew it was a tough surgery. They all knew there were slim chances of her coming off that operating table alive, too."
Sayuri: "Yet the family still gave permission to perform the surgery. I thought that family had thrown their little girl away when they did that."
Kaori: "...So...what happened to her?"
Sayuri: "......"
She smiles with such sadness in her eyes.
Sayuri: "Just like everyone thought, she died during the operation."
Kaori: "!!"
Sayuri: "I screamed at her parents while they cried in the mortuary in front of their dead little girl."
Sayuri: "I told them if they never okayed the surgery, she would have lived longer."
I can feel the sadness ooze from her very being. I understand, Miss Sakai. It was unbearable for you to see such an innocent, young girl go.
Sayuri: "The other nurse gave me an earful after that. She said parents who are mourning for their child should never have to hear that."
A gentle breeze blows by. I get the feeling that Miss Sakai is crying, so I take my eyes from her and look off into the horizon.
Sayuri: "After the practical examination, the girl's parents sent me a letter through the school."
Sayuri: "It was a thank you letter."
Kaori: "......"
Sayuri: "They thanked me for being there for her, and even in her short life, for having a ‘friend’ that would get so angry on her behalf."
Sayuri: "I was so embarrassed to read that in their letter."
Sayuri: "I was so sure that family had given up on her...but I was wrong."
Sayuri: "I never noticed because of the painkillers she was on, but she was struggling with the pain of her tumor the entire time. Her parents couldn't bear to see her in pain for so long."
Sayuri: "So, hoping to rid her of the pain, no matter how low the success rate, they decided to have her go through surgery."
Kaori: "......"
Sayuri: "In the end, she died on the operating table. I'm sure her parents blamed themselves. After all that, I yelled at them, saying such awful things..."
Sayuri: "Yet instead of getting angry at me, they thanked me for getting so mad on behalf of their daughter. How was I supposed to react to that?"
Right... So hurting that girl's parents is the weight Miss Sakai bears on her shoulders... Miss Saki was hurt.
Sayuri: "She was only 6. What was she even given life for in the first place? I couldn't stop myself from thinking that."
Sayuri: "But one day, I thought differently. She may have had a short life, but there was much happiness in it."
Sayuri: "Her parents loved her, her brother loved her, and even the hospital staff loved her. Just because your life is short doesn't mean it's filled with misfortune."
Sayuri: "Children stricken with illnesses are never to blame. They're just unlucky. No one is to blame, really."
Sayuri: "That's why I decided to become a pediatric nurse, so I could make these kids smile."
Sayuri: "I wanted to give them a final place where they could feel happy to have lived, even if their illness meant certain death."
I gently hold her in my arms. She shakes slightly......and it makes me realize what I'm doing. Why would I ever hold Miss Sakai in my arms?
Sayuri: "Is this your idea of showing sympathy?"
Kaori: "Not exactly, but..."
Sayuri: "But what?"
Kaori: "I just...thought you needed a hug."
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai gently pushes me away. I loosen my grip, and she takes a step away from me. Her cheeks are still bright red.
Sayuri: "You were only eavesdropping on me while I talked to myself."
Stubborn old Miss Sakai. I always knew she was nice deep down inside. She's so distraught by a patient's death. Maybe she only says all those mean things and looks at the world so angrily to protect herself from being hurt by being so nice.
Kaori: "So that's how it's been this whole time."
I laugh inwardly. I want to know more about what Miss Sakai thinks and feels. I can't rush things, though. Miss Sakai needs to trust me more first.
====================scr00502.kgo====================
This afternoon is relatively calm. After all that fuss with Mr. Shuseki this morning, I feel like I have nothing to do at all. Hmm... That was all my work for the day.
Hatsumi: "Sawai, are you free right now?"
Kaori: "Y-Yes."
Hatsumi: "Good... This isn't the most urgent work, but... Why don't you walk around the ward and try talking to the patients?"
Kaori: "Talking to the patients?"
Hatsumi: "It's a basic responsibility of nurses, isn't it?"
Kaori: "Um, yeah, but..."
Hatsumi: "I'll call for you if anything comes up, so just give the patients a little bedside care in the meantime, okay?"
Kaori: "Okay..."
Hatsumi: "Time like this is actually very important. When we're rushed with work, all we can do for the patients is basic medical treatment, right?"
Kaori: "Good point..."
Hatsumi: "You can find a lot of information in a casual conversation. I'm sure each and every conversation you have with the patients will help you learn a lot."
Kaori: "Yes, understood!"
I return the medical records I was reading back to the shelf and leave the nurses station. Hmm, communication with the patients. The first person I think of is Miss Sakai. Miss Sakai is the sole patient I'm overseeing. I feel like she'd just tell me I'm being annoying if I go see her for no reason. It would really be for the best if I could communicate well with patients like Miss Sakai, who barely ever want to talk to me. I don't know how confident I feel about that, though. What about Ami or Tsukushi? Actually, I heard Kohaku has been cleared to leave the hospital again. After that family meeting, she should be able to control her blood sugar no problem! The Chief is coming in to help, so everything should be fine!
???: "Woo! I win!"
Kaori: "...Hm?"
My feet stop when I hear an excited voice.
???: "No fair!"
It sounds like some kids. While one patient dies in a room, on the other end of the ward there are kids laughing and playing games. Isn't it so strange? I should see what's going on in room 306.
Tsukushi: "I don't care what you say, a win is a win! Just accept it already!"
Hiro: "Ugh! You've got some attitude for a girl!"
Hiro and Tsukushi seem to be fighting about something. I should probably stop them...right? As I watch them with a big smile, Ami suddenly notices me.
Ami: "Oh, Kaorin!"
Everyone's eyes turn to me and my heart skips a beat.
Ami: "Would you like to play, too, Kaorin?"
Kaori: "Sorry?"
Ami: "We're playing cards. Want to play some Old Maid with us?"
Hiro: "We can't let the nurse play Old Maid with us!"
Kohaku: "What? Why not?"
Hiro: "Because, she's an old maid herself! She's way older than us!"
Urgh!!
Ami: "Hiro! You're not supposed to say stuff like that!"
Ami's follow-up doesn't make me feel that much better...
Ami: "I'm going to shuffle up! Kaorin is playing this time, so we'll have 5 people!"
Ami shuffles up the cards with ease, then deals them out. We all get our cards, take out the pairs we already have...
Kohaku: "Oh, it's the Chief!"
Kohaku exclaims happily, so I turn around and look at the door.
Kaori: "Oh, is there work to do?!"
I jump up to my feet, but Chief Hatsumi slowly shakes her head.
Hatsumi: "No, that's not it. I'm just walking around. Don't worry about me and just play your game, okay?"
She said she was just walking around, but......it's hard to imagine a workaholic like Chief Hatsumi would walk around aimlessly. So, she must have come to check on me and the patients...right?
Kohaku: "Chief! I want to play with the Chief! Come on, let's play!"
Hatsumi: "Me?"
Kohaku: "I'm not that good at cards. Can't you help me, Chief?"
Kohaku turns to the Chief and holds out her cards. Urgh...that's no fair. Using your innocent youth as a shield and getting adults to help you! It seems I've taken Kohaku lightly!
Hatsumi: "If you insist..."
The Chief sits down on Ami's bed nice and close to Kohaku.
Hatsumi: "...Hehe. I wonder how long it's been since I played cards."
Hiro: "Hurry up and draw, old maid!"
Kaori: "Urgh! Don't call me that!"
Hiro spreads his cards like a fan, so I take one.
Hiro: "Woo, you fell for it! Of course the old maid draws the Old Maid!"
Kaori: "Ohhh..."
I look down and see the profile of a confidently smiling Joker. I shuffle it in with my other cards and turn to the Chief, holding them out for her to choose from.
Hatsumi: "Kohaku, which one should we take?"
Kohaku: "Hmm... Any one is okay! You pick!"
Hatsumi: "Are you sure? Okay, how about this one!"
She reaches out and plucks a card from my hand. All I can do is grin.
Kohaku: "Nooo! Chief, you pulled the Old Maid!"
Hiro: "That's because the Chief is the big boss of the nurses, so she's the ol--mmmnngg?!"
Ami jumps over and clamps her hand over Hiro's mouth. Uh-oh... The Chief is smiling, but her eyes are devoid of any humor! That look on her face is terrifying!
Ami: "Okay, it's my turn to draw next, right?"
Aw, Ami is so conscientious. She takes a card from the Chief's hand.
Ami: "Nooo! I pulled the Joker!"
She pulled that one on purpose, didn't she? Kohaku is doubled over with laughter. Well... I guess everything worked out.
Hiro: "Okay, now it's you and me, Ami Asada!"
Why would Hiro say her full name now, of all times?
Ami: "Bring it on!"
Ami accepts his challenge readily. They glare at each other. The room is so tense.
???: "ACHOOO!"
Kaori: "!!"
Everyone jumps. We turn to the door, where we find Yamanouchi. She's supposed to start her night shift soon.
Yasuko: "Hoo boy! Just when things were gettin' tense! Sorry ‘bout that, y’all!"
She motions for the Chief to come over to her.
Yasuko: "Sorry young'uns! Us adults have work to do, so now I really gotta pull the Old Maid! Get it?"
Yamanouchi says with a smile, while the smile on the Chief's face begins to twitch.
Hatsumi: "Everyone's said I'm getting in on the years, but I still like to think of myself as pretty young."
Yasuko: "Hey, ain't nobody callin' you old, y'know?"
Even someone like the Chief cares about her age... That's how the game ends. It's a little disappointing, but I'm sure we'll have another chance to play together like that.
Hatsumi: "Did you write your report?"
The Chief comes out of the break room after discussing something with Yamanouchi. Yamanouchi is still in there, so she's probably going to nap until her night shift starts.
Kaori: "Do I really have to write a report when we were just playing cards?"
Hatsumi: "Of course you do. You have to make note of the fact that Ami was sympathetic to me and Kohaku was seeking affection from me."
Hatsumi: "Reports aren't just for temperatures and vital stats. We have to writedown everything about the patient's stay in the hospital."
Hatsumi: "We have to be able to see the patients' character in the reports."
Kaori: "...I see."
Taking her advice to heart, I take out some blank report sheets to start my drafts of them. The Chief goes to he doctor's desk, as usual.
Hatsumi: "...That was a lot of fun."
I nod as I write my notes, even though the Chief doesn't seem to be talking to anyone in particular.
Kaori: "I had fun too, but it seemed like everyone enjoyed themselves."
Hatsumi: "Ami was helping us again."
The Chief sighs.
Kaori: "Huh?"
Hatsumi: "She gathered all the kids in one room so they wouldn't get out and go worry about Mr. Shuseki."
Kaori: "......"
I had no idea... I was so worried about Mr. Shuseki, and after Miss Sakai fainted, I couldn't think about anything else. But there Ami was, working behind the scenes to make sure the other kids weren't traumatized by all of this. Hm, I really have to broaden my perspective. I'll do my best.
====================scr00503.kgo====================
It's Sunday! Work is always calm, and I can spend more time with the patients, so I enjoy Sundays. It's nice to relax sometimes.
Kaori: "Okay! Time to do my best at work!"
Of course not many patients hang around on Sundays. There are always so many people around, so it kind of feels strange to have the hospital so empty. Whew... It's actually a pretty long walk up to the 3rd floor. But the elevators are for patients! Employees have to use the stairs! Wait...what's with all that racket?
Kaori: "Good morning..."
Nurse A: "Sorry, can you move?"
Kaori: "Wahhh!"
I quickly jump out of the way. One of the night shift nurses rushes in, rummages through the shelves, grabs an oxygen mask, and runs out again. I wonder what happened.
Hatsumi: "There you are, Sawai."
Kaori: "Good morning, Chief. The hospital is pretty busy this morning, isn't it?"
Hatsumi: "Good morning. Mr. Shuseki came back after being deemed inoperable by the surgery department."
Kaori: "This early in the morning, when the day workers aren't even here yet?"
Hatsumi: "He was supposed to come back tomorrow afternoon, but surgery is full-up right now."
Kaori: "Full-up...?"
Hatsumi: "All the beds are taken. This morning around sunrise another urgent care patient came in, so they had to make room by kicking someone out."
Kaori: "I see... So that's why he came back so early this morning."
Hatsumi: "On top of all that, his condition is only getting worse. It's like his bout of recovery was nothing more than an illusion."
Mr. Shuseki suffers from HCC, or Hepatocellular Carcinoma. When he first came in, he was being treated in internal because his cancer had grown too large and his condition was too poor to be operated on. But, the treatment was working, his liver was getting better, and the cancer cells were dropping, so he was moved to surgery last week. Mr. Shuseki was so happy because it meant he'd be relinquished from such a terrible affliction like cancer.
Hatsumi: "I know you're not on yet, but the overnighters could really use some help, so could you?"
Kaori: "Of course! What room is Mr. Shuseki in?"
Hatsumi: "303, just like before. Fujisawa is helping, too. She arrived just a little while ago."
Kaori: "Okay, I'm on my way!"
Nagisa: "Hey, Sawai! Morning!"
Kaori: "Good morning, Senpai. I was told to come help move Mr. Shuseki in."
Nagisa: "Sorry, can you ask the overnighters about what you should be doing?"
Senpai hurries into the nurses station and starts talking to the Chief about something. The overnighters... Those are the two part timers, right?
Kaori: "Good morning! I'm here to help!"
Nurse A: "Thanks! He just threw up, so suck it out!"
Suck? Oh, she wants me to apply the suction machine.
Kaori: "Okay! umm... Mr. Shuseki, I'm going to suck out the stuff in your mouth, okay?"
I grab the tube and flick the switch on. When I look down at him, I nearly faint. His face is an impossible, yellowish clay color!
Nurse B: "Don't put the suction tube in too far! He'll throw up again!"
Eeeeek! Carefully adhering her advice, I delicately and thoroughly move the tube through Mr. Shuseki's mouth. Because of all this, Mr. Shuseki's normal care starts an hour later than usual. The CCW already changed all the diapers. I can't express how thankful for that I am. You know, things are not very calm at all for a Sunday.
Hatsumi: "Thanks for the emergency admission. Overnighters, get some rest. Don't forget to add the overtime to your cards."
Kaori: "Overtime...?"
I'm confused. I don't usually hear that word. I give the Chief a puzzled look.
Hatsumi: "Overtime. Hours worked beyond scheduled shifts. That's what we call it here."
Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt your explanation.
Hatsumi: "So, daytimers! I'm pretty sure we're going to be very busy all day, but please do your best until this evening."
Hatsumi: "Thank you for your work. You are dismissed."
Nurse B: "Whew! I can finally go home!"
Nurse A: "Wanna get some beef bowls on our way home?"
Nurse B: "That's a great idea!"
The overnighters stretch and smile at each other. Just then, I make eye contact with one of them.
Nurse B: "Oh, Sawai... We should probably apologize ahead of time! Sorry!"
Kaori: "For what?"
Nurse B: "That really annoying patient of yours is overdue for an IV change, right?"
Annoying patient of mine...?
Kaori: "Gah!"
Miss Sakai's IV! She's going to give me an earful this time! Miss Sakai's IV is supposed to be switched out every 6 hours, so the day shift is supposed to change it at 10 and 16 o'clock. It's 10:30 right now... Shoot...! Miss Sakai is probably really mad!
Sayuri: "Come in."
Kaori: "E-Excuse me! I'm very sorry your IV exchange is so late!"
Sayuri: "It's okay. I knew you'd be late, so I squeezed it to slow it down."
Wow, leave it to Miss Sakai. She's still just a student, but her adaptability is as good as some professionals.
Sayuri: "Anyway, did something happen? The ward seemed pretty chaotic this morning."
Ugh... Can I really tell a patient about this? If it doesn't concern another patient's privacy, I guess it's okay.
Kaori: "Yeah, there was just an emergency admission."
Sayuri: "An emergency admission? I didn't hear any ambulance sirens."
Kaori: "Oh, right. It wasn't a new patient, just a patient that came back to internal after being in surgery."
Miss Sakai looks displeased.
Sayuri: "...Was it Mr. Shuseki?"
Kaori: "How'd you know that?"
Sayuri: "I talked to him on the roof for a bit last week. He was so happy he could go to surgery after his liver started getting better."
She looks so disappointed.
Kaori: "Yeah, pretty unfortunate, isn't it?"
Miss Sakai is so kind. I should keep my mouth shut about how bad Mr. Shuseki's condition is. I switch out the IV bottle and engage the drip.
Kaori: "Well, if you need anything, just call for me."
Sayuri: "......"
Aw, Miss Sakai is so upset about Mr. Shuseki. Not wanting to disturb her any further, I leave her room. It's just before lunch.
Kaori: "Yes? Is something wrong?"
Nagisa: "Get an emergency cart!! Mr. Shuseki is vomiting blood!"
Kaori: "What?!"
I can feel the blood drain from my own face. Vomiting blood? An emergency cart?
Hatsumi: "Sawai! What are you doing?! Stay with me!"
The Chief grabs my arm and drags me in front of the cart.
Hatsumi: "This is the emergency cart! Bring it down to room 303!"
Kaori: "O-Okay!"
Hatsumi: "You, get a doctor! I'm going to contact his family!"
Nurse A: "On it!"
The Chief and the part-timer immediately get on phones in the nurses station. I take the thing called an emergency cart down to room 303. Ohhh, what should I do?
Kaori: "S-Senpai! I brought the emergency cart!"
Senpai is covered in blood as she tries to suck up the excess blood with the suction tube. Blood...! All the blood!!
Nagisa: "Thank you, Sawai!"
Then, Senpai turns back to Mr. Shuseki. What should I do? What can I even do?! The air is thick with the rusty smell of blood and the tension of a life or death situation. The blood is terrifying... I shouldn't think that, but my legs are like jelly... What should I do? What can I do? I have no idea. I'm so useless. The Chief suddenly runs up to us.
Hatsumi: "You need to secure his air flow first! Clear his brachial tube of any obstructions, then pump oxygen into his lungs!"
Having the Chief around makes me feel so much better. Now that I'm feeling a little better, my legs seemed to have stopped shaking for the moment.
Hatsumi: "Use a resuscitation bag! Put the mask over his mouth and squeeze the bag to put air in his lungs."
Kaori: "O-Okay!"
Hatsumi: "Take care of it next time. Take his blood pressure, too! You can handle that, can't you?"
Kaori: "Yes, I can do that!"
I nod to her and take the sphygmomanometer from the cart.
Nagisa: "Mr. Shuseki?! Can you hear me? Hang in there!"
Senpai yells out to the unconscious patient. My legs have stopped shaking, but being caught up in the tenseness of the situation has my hands shaking uncontrollably. But, I don't have time to say my little spell. Even without it, I have to be able to get the job done. There's nothing else I can do! I can do something as easy as taking his blood pressure without my little spell, right? I've taken blood pressure hundreds of times, ever since I first became a student, after all.
Kaori: "I'm taking your blood pressure, Mr. Shuseki!"
I wrap the manchette around his arm and put the stethoscope up to his skin. Squeeze the ball to apply pressure... Listen to the blood flowing through his veins. Wait... I can't hear anything?
Hatsumi: "Fujisawa, Sawai is taking his blood pressure, so quiet down."
Nagisa: "R-Right, sorry."
Apply some more pressure... No good. I still can't hear anything. Can't I even measure blood pressure correctly? One of the part time nurse's voices comes through the nurse call on the bed...apparently. I can't hear the voice coming from the nurse call at all. I must be too shaken up.
Hatsumi: "We're here. What did the doctor say?"
The Chief talks through the nurse call to the part timer.
Hatsumi: "Understood! Sawai, get the stretcher!"
Kaori: "O-Okay!"
I put the stethoscope down and run out into the hall to get a stretcher.
Hatsumi: "We'll move him on three! One, two..."
Nagisa: "Three!"
The three of us heft Mr. Shuseki up onto the stretcher. We flip the blood-covered blanket over so no one can see the blood and throw it over Mr. Shuseki to keep him warm.
Hatsumi: "The operating room is on the second floor. Fujisawa, go ahead and call the elevator."
Nagisa: "I'm on it!"
Senpai runs off in her bloodstained uniform. When we roll the stretcher out into the hallway, patients from other rooms are gathered by their doorways. This...could be bad.
Hatsumi: "We'll explain everything to them later, so just focus on transporting the patient now!"
Kaori: "O-Okay!"
I want to help, even if just a little. My attempt to take the patient's blood pressure failed, so I can at least help transport him! I can't let myself be a hindrance any longer!
Kaori: "Ah!"
Out of the corner of my eye, I spot Miss Sakai, looking pale as a ghost.
Kaori: "Miss Sakai!"
She crumples to the floor right then and there.
Hatsumi: "Sawai, help Miss Sakai!"
Kaori: "But Mr. Shuseki..."
Hatsumi: "I have Fujisawa waiting for me, so we'll be fine. Treat Miss Sakai."
Kaori: "I'm on it!"
I switch places with Senpai and run over to Miss Sakai. After laying her down in the bed, I take her blood pressure.
Kaori: "...102 over 64. Lower than usual."
I suddenly remember something about Mr. Shuseki. I realize that maybe I couldn't measure him blood pressure because it was so low.
Sayuri: "Will he...be all right?"
She asks me, her lips blue and her cheeks white. I have to tell her something. There has to be something I can say to ease Miss Sakai's worry.
Kaori: "H-He'll be fine. The Chief and my Senpai are with hm. He'll have a doctor, too."
Sayuri: "Medicine doesn't solve everything though! People die no matter what!"
Kaori: "Don't say that!"
That's the last thing I want to hear. I realize how cold I'm being all of a sudden, but Miss Sakai is in such a state of shock that she isn't listening to anything I say.
Sayuri: "I'm going to die, too! I'm going to bleed out and die in a pool of my own blood, just like that!"
She's shaking uncontrollably.
Kaori: "No, you can't think like that!"
She pushes away my arms when I try to give her a hug. I ignore her as she shakes her head and wrap my arms around her anyway. I don't care if she doesn't want me to.
Kaori: "You can't think like that! You're alive! Think about how you're alive right now!"
This time, I really get a grip around her and squeeze firmly.
Kaori: "You're alive right now, aren't you, Miss Sakai?!"
Sayuri: "......"
How long did we sit there like that? After a while, Miss Sakai starts to squirm.
Sayuri: "...I can't breathe."
Kaori: "Oh?!"
I quickly back off of her. She's not mad...is she? I meekly look at her and see her cheeks are a slight pink, but she won't look at me.
Sayuri: "Only think about being alive? So even you say good things sometimes."
She's trying to be tough.
Sayuri: "I should be ashamed that someone like you is trying to cheer me up."
And there's her sauciness, too. However, seeing that she's back to her normal self makes me a little happy.
Kaori: "I'm just glad I could cheer you up a little."
Sayuri: "It's your job as a nurse to calm patients, isn't it? Don't be glad for something that should just come natural to you."
I go back to the nurses station, and after a while Senpai comes back in a fresh uniform. Then... The Chief finally gets back....With Mr. Shuseki, who has a white cloth draped over his face.
Nagisa: "Mr. Shuseki... What a shame."
Kaori: "...Yes."
That yellow face of his... I talked to him so many times when he was better, but all I can remember is that sickly, yellow face of his I saw this morning. The Chief and a part timer took care of the final clean up, you know, after the patient passed, then Mr. Shuseki's family took him away.
Nagisa: "Cheer up, huh? No point in you being so down about all this."
Kaori: "I'm not down about it, it's just... It was so sudden..."
No, I'm not down in the dumps. Miss Sakai said herself, people end up dying anyway. It was just all so sudden that my emotions can't keep up. "Only think about being alive? So even you say good things sometimes."
What I said then were my words, but I had been told something similar in the past. Deep down in my memory, in all the pain, struggle, and darkness... Someone told me to live. Living is hard, scary, and trying. But there are so many things that make you appreciate life. I know I'm glad to be alive. That's why I want to fight the fear of death and be by Miss Sakai's side to help her. What exactly can I do for her though?
Nagisa: "Sawai? Are you okay?"
Senpai looks into my eyes, her voice filled with worry. I shouldn't make Senpai worry like that.
Kaori: "I'm fine. I need to pull it together before I start worrying the patients, too."
Nagisa: "How can you help it? It was your first sterben, wasn't it?"
Kaori: "Sterben?"
Nagisa: "Death of a patient. You can suffer a serious shock when you're not ready for it. You'll get used to it eventually, though."
Kaori: "...Right."
Will I ever get used to something like this? It's not something I really want to get used to...
====================scr00504.kgo====================
The atmosphere in the nurses station has been pretty heavy lately.
Nagisa: "Oh, Sawai. Sorry, but can you go take temperatures this afternoon alone? I'm pretty busy with something here."
Kaori: "Oh, sure. No problem."
The reason for the grim atmosphere is the recent patient deaths. After Mr. Shuseki went, so did another patient. Everyone should know to be prepared to encounter death in a hospital, but it's still sad, and I can't deny that it's shocking. Especially when it's the patients that have been here so long, that you've grown so close to. It's so hard to see a patient you were close to die. Even Miss Sakai, who's known Mr. Shuseki for a while, is trying to act normal despite the fact that she's obviously saddened by his death. The Chief and some other veteran nurses are helping me out with her mental care, but... Ohhh... No no no! What's the point of me getting all dark?!
Kaori: "...Okay!"
I should start in the toughest, but at the same time most relieving room!
Kaori: "Hello little boys and girls! Time to take your temperatures!"
I imitate their favorite cartoon character, trying to be as cheerful as I can, but...
Sho: "Are you trying to be who I think you are? You don't sound like them at all."
Hiro: "You really messed that one up!"
How can such young kids be so cold? Ugh...
Kaori: "A-Anyway, it's time to take your temperatures. Get in your beds!"
After doling out orders, I start at the bed closest to me. The kids are all as energetic as ever. Something about seeing them makes me feel so much better.
Kaori: "Huh?"
I suddenly stop as I head to the back of the room. The curtains around Ami's bed are closed. They're usually always open.
Kohaku: "Ami hasn't been feeling very well lately."
Kohaku sounds worried. I wonder if she's feeling sick. No one told me anything special when we switched duties.
Kaori: "Ami, can I open these curtains?"
Ami: "...Is that Kaorin?"
Kaori: "Yup."
Ami: "Don't open them too much when you come in. I don't want the other kids worrying about me."
Kaori: "Sure thing."
I quickly finish the other kids' temperatures and record my notes, then head over to Ami's bed again.
Kaori: "I'm coming in."
I open the curtain and slip inside, where I find Ami reading a book by flashlight on her pillow.
Kaori: "Ami, what's wrong? Are you feeling okay?"
She shakes her head......then slams her book shut.
Ami: "I'm scared..."
Kaori: "What?"
Her eyes seem to beg me for help.
Ami: "I've been in and out of the hospital so many times, and I'm not getting any better, so I thought that'd be it."
Ami: "I figured I wouldn't be healthy even after growing up, and I'd just keep going in and out of hospitals..."
Kaori: "Ami, that's..."
She shakes her head at me.
Ami: "I know it's stupid to think like that. I know maybe one day I'll get better. That's why everyone is working so hard for me."
Ami: "I understand that, but I just can't help thinking that it's easier to believe I'll never get better after going in and out of the hospital so many times."
Ami: "Even if I get out of the hospital, I might be back in again right after. I think it's easier not to get my hopes up so that I don't get disappointed when that happens."
Kaori: "Ami..."
Ami: "But I didn't understand the real meaning of it. You know, the real meaning of being in the hospital...of me never getting better."
Kaori: "What?"
Ami: "My disease isn't one that will worsen right away and kill me, so I didn't think about it much until now."
Ami: "I thought I understood that there were diseases that spelled death, and that patients dying was an everyday thing in hospitals, but I guess I didn't really get it."
Kaori: "......"
Ami: "Being sick is painful, and hospital life lacks so much freedom, but everyone is so kind and nice to me, so I thought being in the hospital was actually kind of fun."
Ami: "But, I realized I just didn't know this was actually a place where people stand up to fight against death."
Ami: "All I could see was the surface. I was happy being friends with everyone here."
Ami: "......"
She stops herself there. Then, she stares into my eyes.
Ami: "I'm suddenly realizing, after all this time... That one day those people I was friends with might just be gone."
Kaori: "......"
I realize she's talking about Mr. Shuseki. Ami always walks around the wing, talking with anyone she can, so I think maybe... No, I'm sure she talked a lot with Mr. Shuseki.
Ami: "People who were fine the other day and go into surgery to get better are just...gone."
Ami: "I've finally realized that things like that just happen at hospitals."
Ami: "Thinking about that frightens me. I feel like that's going to happen to me. I'll never go home, or go to school again..."
Kaori: "D-Don't say that!"
I grab her face with both of my hands.
Kaori: "Hospitals do have an image of being places where death is just around the corner, but Ami, listen to me!"
Kaori: "All of us want the patients to get better, to walk out of here with smiles on their faces. We work very hard to make that happen."
Kaori: "You and all the other patients are here to get better. You understand that, right?"
Ami: "Kaorin..."
Kaori: "All we can do is help the patients want to get better."
Kaori: "If you don't want to get better yourself, no one will be able to make you better. So, you can never give up."
Ami's expression relaxes a little, and she nuzzles her cheek into my hand.
Ami: "Your touch makes me feel so much better, Kaorin. Before you helped take my pain away, but now you help ease my heart."
Kaori: "If this is all you need to feel better, I'll be happy to do it anytime."
I smile wryly as I stroke her cheek, then her hair.
Ami: "I like this hospital. Everyone is so nice here."
Kaori: "Yeah..."
Ami: "That's why I want everyone here...all the patients to feel better. I want myself to as well, of course."
Kaori: "Yeah, that's good..."
Ami is so sweet. That's why she gathered all the kids in one place to keep them from seeing what happened to Mr. Shuseki. Even though Ami must have been worried herself.
Ami: "Hey Kaorin, can you do me a favor?"
I look down at her with a grin.
Kaori: "That depends on what it is."
Ami: "I was just thinking... Can you pet my head?"
Kaori: "......"
As I sit there with my mouth hanging open, Ami quickly shakes her head.
Ami: "Not like before though! I just want you to hold me...and pet my head."
Kaori: "...Okay."
I put my arm around her slender shoulders and pull her close to me. Only a hospital can create such uneasiness and fear about life. What can we nurses do for patients that are thrust into such a place? Until now, I thought we could ease their pain or suffering. For patients without pain that seemed relatively normal, I only ever gave them routine care. For some reason I separated them from other patients because their condition wasn't as serious, and didn't give them the same care. But... Even patients without pain still have fears and concerns about their own illnesses and being in the hospital. I think we nurses need to care for them in that aspect, too. Caring for the patient's peace of mind. How can I reduce a patient's worries? I think about this new problem I have to face as I run my fingers through Ami's hair.
====================scr00505.kgo====================
I diligently work through a textbook as I eat my supper. Recently, I've gotten into a pattern of eating supper, washing up, having a bath, and then falling asleep while cramming in bed. I'm studying all the time, and I have to study more because I'm still not where I need to be. I have to study because what I learn eases my patients' suffering. That...and I'm fed up of being useless when the patients in our ward need help. So I study, day in and day out. It's my way of doing right by them!
Kaori: "Hm? Who's this from...?"
I pick up my phone when getting back. I haven't touched it since sending Senpai a motivational message before her night shift. I don't recognize the number. It's an unregistered number, but it's not from a public phone, or masked, either....Do people still prank call these days? I brace myself, and poke the dial button.
Kaori: "H-Hello?"
???: "Please, help a girl out!"
That voice... Isn't that Yamanouchi...?
Kaori: "O-Okay... By ‘help’ you mean with the drafts?"
Yasuko: "Oui, mon amie! Happy we can cut to the chase. I knew I could count on yer kindness!"
Kaori: "Wha--?! I haven't said a word about helping...!"
Yasuko: "Well, alrighty. See ya at my place! Mmwha."
Huh... It's like being called and talked at by a sentient brick wall... Honestly, how unmannered can you get?! Wait, ill-mannered? Unmannered? Forget it, it doesn't matter. Darn it.
Kaori: "Urgh..."
Guess I have to go, right? I'm scared to find out what will happen if I snub her. Hooboy... Yamanouchi's room is on the same floor of the same building as mine. That makes things easy, but right now I'm re-evaluating if that's a good thing, or not. I mean, it lets her boss me around without a care for my circumstances...which is problematic.
Kaori: "...G-Good evening."
Yasuko: "Hey there! I've been waiting for ya, mon amie!"
I'm floored when Yamanouchi jumps out and coils her arms around me. Yamanouchi is wearing that shabby tracksuit and those thick glasses. Her hair is pulled back taut, making her look like an androgynous geek. It makes me question who the beautiful, competent nurse who works in the ward is.
Yasuko: "Embracing in an open doorway's not what I had in mind. Come on in."
Kaori: "I didn't come for a hug in the first place."
Yasuko: "Aww, no need to have a stick up yer butt over it."
Yasuko: "Come on, now. Hunker down."
I sit down in my regular spot, exactly as instructed.
Yasuko: "First up is this. Thanks for taking on the erasing!"
She passes a draft to me without hesitation. The draft is a pencil line drawing and the main lines have already been inked. Ah, this reminds me of the first draft I helped Yamanouchi with... I take up the eraser, partly distracted by my memories when something occurs to me.
Kaori: "Say, whatever happened to those drafts you were working on before?"
Yasuko: "Oh, those old things? They were published."
Kaori: "Really?! I want to see your published works!!"
When?! How?! I can't believe she got them published!! Yamanouchi pulls a complicated face. Did my enthusiasm creep her out?
Yasuko: "Yeah...sure. After yer done erasing, okay?"
...What's gotten into her? Did I say something weird? *Yawn*...
Kaori: "...Morning, already..."
Yasuko: "...It's morning, all right..."
I pulled another all-nighter... I was erasing all night. It just wouldn't end... I'm glad I have today off. I can't wait to slink back to my room and shut down...
Yasuko: "Sawai, you working today?"
Kaori: "I have the day off."
Yasuko: "How's that for a coincidence? Me, too."
Huh, good for her.
Yasuko: "So I can keep you tied up until we've cleared the entire set."
Kaori: "N-No way!!"
Yasuko: "Less complaining, more working! Get started on inking when you're done with erasing, will ya?"
Kaori: "You...heartless demon!"
Yasuko: "Hahaha, I can live with that! I get off on evil!"
Urgh...
Yasuko: "That said, here, pep yourself up with a Gigamin S. Boy, I'm a big softy!"
She plonks a bottle down in front of me. Ergh... Don't expect any gratitude!
Yasuko: "Sawai, ya hungry?"
Kaori: "My stomach's been growling for a while."
Yasuko: "Now that ya mention it, my inner-beast's snarling."
I can't tell if I'm listening to her stomach growling, or mine.
Yasuko: "I can't take anymore!"
Kaori: "Wha--?!"
Yasuko: "Fridge is empty! Let's switch things up! Shopping time!"
I'd appreciate it if you didn't punctuate every point by smashing the table. I almost had a heart attack! That's what part of me wants to say, but......*Sigh* Why bother? Let it go. And so, we settle on going to the convenience store. Yamanouchi's treat, seeing as how I'm being watered and fed to labor for her. She told me I could stow my wallet.
Yasuko: "Shall we?"
Kaori: "Mhm... But are you okay with paying?"
Yasuko: "Sure I am, no sweat. If anything I feel bad saddling ya with convenience store grub."
Nagisa: "Heya Sawai...and oh, Yamanouchi, too..."
We run into Senpai in the lobby, peeking at her postbox.
Yasuko: "Howdy, Fujisawa!"
Kaori: "Fresh off the night shift? Tough gig."
Nagisa: "Yeah, obviously. I mean, look at me."
H-Huh? Is it me, or is Senpai in a bad mood? Erm...
Kaori: "How was the ward last night? All calm and clear?"
Nagisa: "Yeah, smooth sailing. And we have you on the day shift to thank. T-H-A-N-K-S."
Urgh... She IS in a bad mood. What did I do?
Yasuko: "Cool yer jets Fujisawa! Don't go pinning the blame on Sawai."
Nagisa: "I'm not pinning the blame on anyone. All I did was thank her."
Yasuko: "There are more flattering ways of thanking someone than throwing shade at folks."
Yasuko: "Ya know, they say a girl with a pretty mouth is pretty all around?"
Nagisa: "This girl isn't interested in being pretty."
Oh no. Are they fighting? Is this going to escalate? Wh-Wh-What should I do?
Nagisa: "I've got something to get off my chest, Yamanouchi. That is, if you'll listen?"
Yasuko: "Hm? Let's hear it."
Nagisa: "Sawai's at a point in her career where she has hit the books hard. Where do you get off working her for personal gain?"
Yasuko: "Come again...?"
Argh! That stank the lobby up!! Wh-Wh-Wh-What should I do... I have to step in and stop them, right? But could I actually do that if I tried?
Yasuko: "...*Sigh* Of all the cockamamie... Ya done yapping?"
Yasuko: "Rest easy. I'm advising her on nursing as I go. Including, not to put too fine a point on it, the essentials of patient care."
Huh... That's it?
Nagisa: "...Ergh..."
Yasuko: "How're ya walking the walk?"
Yasuko: "Ya imparting any wisdom to our resident greenhorn? Ya got any to share to begin with?"
Yasuko: "There's only a year between y'all in the first place, so what wisdom could ya have?"
Yasuko: "That is when ya aren't getting hammered with her, and coming to work looking hungover without a hint o' makeup on yer face."
Nagisa: "Ergh..."
Whoa, Senpai's being totally mauled! I should have seen this coming. When it comes to verbal jousting she was never going to beat Yamanouchi....I don't think I'd stand a sliver of a chance. It's kind of hard to argue with someone when they're dropping Kansai-isms on you left and right...
Yasuko: "Hey, ya got something to say don't hold back on my account, ya hear? Ya wanna talk back I'll put ya in ya place, right here, right now."
Nagisa: "Ergh..."
Oh, Senpai... For Yamanouchi this was never a contest -- there's no victory to gloat over. She dusts off her shoulders like she's, at worst, been inconvenienced. 
Yasuko: "I've got an earful more, but I'll let ya go for today. Ya best be counting yer lucky stars, Fujisawa."
Senpai bites down on her lip bitterly, primed to momentarily burst into tears. Senpai looks to me. What?! She wants me to jump in?! Yamanouchi traces Senpai's gaze to me. This isn't happening!! S-Since when did I become the referee?! D-D-D-Don't panic! How am I supposed to choose who to side with?! If push comes to shove I'd choose... Senpai Yamanouchi It only makes sense to side with Senpai, doesn't it? I owe Senpai big time, and besides, Yamanouchi is tough. She'll be fine without my backup, right?
Kaori: "I'd say, drinking with Senpai helps blow off steam..."
Nagisa: "Sawai...!"
Kaori: "And studying during both work and after ruins my focus..."
Nagisa: "Exactly! Being a nurse is a stressful job!"
My covering fire perks Senpai up.
Nagisa: "Imagine being made to help with some freaky project on top of all that stress. Won't someone think of Sawai!"
It's great to see Senpai in high spirits again.
Yasuko: "Daw, why ya gotta kink shame, Fujisawa! Who ya callin' freaky!"
Erm?! Y-Yamanouchi?!
Yasuko: "And now Sawai's telling me I've got creepy kinks! Y'all forsakin' me?!"
Kaori: "Huh?! I never said that!"
Yasuko: "Didn't stop ya fraternizing with Fujisawa when she boarded the shame train!"
Nagisa: "I-I wasn't shaming you, either!"
Yasuko: "...For real?"
Nagisa: "For real, for real... I can't wrap my head around it, but I'm not knocking it."
Yasuko: "Fujisawa!"
Nagisa: "Argh?!"
Yamanouchi pounces on Senpai, roping her into a hug.
Kaori: "Erm...?!"
Yasuko: "Fujisawa... Ya can count yerself among my blessed flock, ya hear? How about a kiss? A little sugar?"
Nagisa: "Eww, no!! Save me, Sawai!!"
Yasuko: "...Ya don't have to thrash. Gosh darn hurt my feelings."
Senpai bounds from Yamanouchi's arms for distant safety, like a hare being hunted. She looks at me in tears. In retrospect, I should have backed Yamanouchi. I owe Yamanouchi big time. That's not even mentioning the esoteric nurse know-how I glean from working with her. I can't repay her through my work, but I can show my gratitude when it matters.
Kaori: "I enjoy helping with the manga."
Yasuko: "Is that right? Ya enjoy it, huh? Aww, yer a good kid."
Nagisa: "Hey, Sawai?! What are you saying?!"
Yasuko: "Now, now. It's important to find satisfaction in things besides yer work."
Yasuko: "Anyhow, with yer skills and little more hands-on experience you could be a bonafide assistant."
An assistant. Me...?
Nagisa: "H-Hold on a second! Sawai's a nurse! Not a budding manga artist!"
Yasuko: "Now, now, now. In this day and age it doesn't hurt for a nurse to have extra-curricular skills to spin money with."
Yasuko: "How about becoming my pupil, Fujisawa?"
Yamanouchi takes Senpai's chin and tilts it up to hers. Her face draws closer, when--
Nagisa: "N-Neveeeeer!"
Senpai bats Yamanouchi's arms away and darts clear of her.
Yasuko: "...Ya didn't have to thrash. Gosh darn hurt my feelings."
Senpai implores me from way outside the danger zone with her glistening eyes.
Nagisa: "M-My lips aren't there for you to take for the heck of it!"
Yasuko: "Uh-huh. Sure, sure. I do be begging yer forgiveness."
...Sometimes I can't tell if they're friends or enemies. Case in point: At some point the stink between them has cleared up. Does that mean I don't have to step in, now? Well, if it means no one is getting into a fight I can't complain.
Kaori: "You must be beat from the night shift, right? You should get some sleep in, soon."
Nagisa: "You're a good kid, Sawai. Never stop being pure."
Senpai hurries over to hug me.
Yasuko: "Okay, okay. Get a room. Yer making the single ladies jealous."
Yamanouchi peels me off of Senpai and pats me on the head.
Yasuko: "Come on, let's go to the convenience store already! I'm dying of hunger, here!"
Kaori: "Okay. I'll see you later, Senpai! Please rest up!"
Nagisa: "...Sure."
I hear Yamanouchi sigh just before we reach the convenience store.
Yasuko: "...Fujisawa would develop mighty fine if she didn't take herself so seriously."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Yasuko: "Aw, just thinking out loud. Don't pay it no mind."
...? What was that about? And what did she mean?
Yasuko: "Look alive, we're here. Ya can have whatever takes ya fancy, ya hear?"
That's a mystery I can puzzle over another time. For now, I decide to step into the convenience store to browse the shelves.
====================scr00506.kgo====================
I'm studying in the Chief's room after work again today. I invited Senpai, but she said she had something to take care of after work today and couldn't come. What a shame. But still, it's really nice to study with someone like this. I don't end up giving up halfway through, and if there's anything I don't understand, she'll explain it all to me. Thinking really hard about things that are tough to understand just saps my focus. And when my focus is gone, I just lose the will to continue. I know that I need to study, but I just don't have the will! I've already finished all my exams, but I've been cramming for them for a long, long time... But since I'm here with the Chief, whenever my focus starts to fade, she'll give me a really digestible explanation to get me back in the game. It helps me keep my focus, and it deepens my understanding of the subject -- two birds, one stone! And thanks to all that studying, I understand Miss Sakai's illness, aplastic anemia, a lot better. Though the more I learn about it, the more I realize how dire of a disease it is. It kind of gets me down. Sometimes Miss Sakai tries to quiz me and catch me off guard, but I can answer most of her questions thanks to the Chief. I've been really cautious and hesitant around her, but after learning more about what she has to grapple with, I now want her to have a comfortable life in the hospital from the bottom of my heart. But I haven't grasped what symptoms Tsukushi, the girl that Miss Sakai's been getting along with recently, has. She has the same disease as Kohaku, type 1 diabetes. There's two types of diabetes, type 1 and type 2. Type 2 is a lifestyle disease. Type 2 diabetes is a disease you end up with after many years of unhealthy living that reduces your insulin, a hormone that lowers blood sugar. Your blood sugar spikes up, and you end up with this. If some sort of disease stops you early from creating insulin, like Kohaku and Tsukushi, the diabetes you get there is type 1 diabetes. It's also known as juvenile diabetes, and like the name suggests, most of its victims are children. That makes it difficult to care for in its own way. Which is why I'm studying about diabetes today.
Hatsumi: "Diabetes is a tough one... You don't want to try to learn everything about it at once, and that goes for every other disease, too."
Hatsumi: "Don't just look at the apparent symptoms. There are reasons behind the symptoms, so you need to realize what's causing those symptoms."
Hatsumi: "There are plenty of causes of diabetes, but what you want to keep in mind is that the patient's blood is saturated with sugar."
Hatsumi: "Sugar molecules are larger than red blood cells. Those molecules can't pass through the capillaries, which red blood cells can barely pass through themselves."
Hatsumi: "So, what do you think will happen when blood saturated with sugar tries to pass through a capillary vessel?"
Kaori: "The vessel will get clogged up."
Hatsumi: "And what happens when a vessel clogs?"
Kaori: "...Um..."
I learned that cells renew themselves after getting nutrients carried to them through blood vessels. If the vessels get clogged up, they won't get those needed nutrients.
Hatsumi: "When the blood vessels clog, the nutrients don't get to their cells. That means cells don't replace themselves."
Hatsumi: "You don't heal nearly as well if you get hurt. And how could you? Your body can hardly make new cells. That leads to diabetic dermopathy, and gangrene."
Hatsumi: "The nervous system gets hit, too. Numbness, motor disability, paralysis, you name it. Neurological issues really stress the patient out."
Hatsumi: "And the symptoms change depending on where the vessels are clogged, too."
Hatsumi: "Take the tiny blood vessels at the back of the eyes. If those back up, you'll have diabetic eye disease, and eventually, blindness."
Hatsumi: "The liver is made up of thin blood vessels, so those clogging leads to a variety of symptoms -- diabetic kidney disease."
Hatsumi: "If that gets worse and leads to kidney failure, you'll need dialysis for the rest of your life."
...Hm?
Hatsumi: "If the blood vessels in the brain clog, that's a cerebral infarction. If it happens in the lungs, a pulmonary infarction."
What was that sound...?
Hatsumi: "Diabetes slowly damages cells all over the body, taking its time. It doesn't give you an easy death, and...hey. Are you listening?"
She notices that I'm looking around for something and shoots me a glare.
Kaori: "Oh, I'm listening, but..."
Right now, that sound is demanding my attention...
Kaori: "!"
Th-There's no mistaking it!
Hatsumi: "...! What has gotten into you?!"
This sound...this dreadful sound...!
Kaori: "Chief, don't you hear that awful sound?!"
Hatsumi: "Oh, my."
Kaori: "Eeep!"
There it is!
Hatsumi: "...Why all the fuss? It's just a cockroach. It'll go off somewhere if you leave it alone."
L-Leave it alone? Are you crazy, Chief?! Are you?! And if she leaves them alone, does that mean that black glimmer is always present somewhere in this room?!
Kaori: "No! I, I can't take that!"
Hatsumi: "...Fine, fine."
In resignation, the Chief rolls up some nearby documents and smashes the creature. I reflexively look away.
Hatsumi: "And that's that!"
She pulls it up by the antenna with some crumpled notebook paper and throws it into the garbage bin! N-No way!
Hatsumi: "Now, let's get back to studying."
Kaori: "We can't do that!"
And she just smacked it with some papers and threw it into the garbage! There's no guarantee that it isn't dead! W-Wait, that's not the problem here!
Hatsumi: "Already tired of studying?"
Kaori: "N-No, it's not that! Don't you know that they say about those things?! If you find one, there's like, thirty more hiding away!"
Hatsumi: "...Excuse me? What are you babbling about?"
Kaori: "I'm saying there's twenty nine more of them, somewhere in this room...ahhh!"
Just thinking about it shoots waves of disgust through me!
Hatsumi: "Could you keep it down a little...?"
Kaori: "Let's clean up! Let's put everything we have into cleaning this place up and getting it neat and tidy!"
Kaori: "And when we're done, let's light one of those things! You know, the one that puffs up the smoke and kills all of those gross little guys!"
Hatsumi: "...That sounds like quite the hassle. And lighting one of those in my room alone probably won't do us much good."
Kaori: "I-It will! And if you don't, I'm not coming to this room ever again!"
How can I calm down and study in a room when I know some of THOSE could be lurking around behind any corner?
Hatsumi: "...Fine, fine. So you just want me to light that aroma, then?"
Hatsumi: "But I won't be able to sleep here tonight if I do."
Kaori: "You can stay over in my room! We're both on the day shift tomorrow, so there shouldn't be any problem with that!"
Hatsumi: "......"
The Chief just looks at me in silence....Huh? Did I say something...off?
Hatsumi: "...I suppose we have no choice."
She stands up. As she starts to clean up in resignation, I throw my entire self into the job....You know, my study sessions with the Chief usually end up as cleaning sessions...
Hatsumi: "I think this about does it."
Kaori: "Then let's light one of those!"
Hatsumi: "...It wouldn't kill you to call things by their name, you know."
Hatsumi: "You go on ahead. I'll bring what I need to stay over to your room later."
Kaori: "Got it!"
I leave the Chief behind to rummage around her room as I head back to my own.
====================scr00507.kgo====================
The lights are out in my room. It's as quiet as it usually is. The only sounds I hear are the ticking of my alarm clock and my breathing. Well, usually. Because right now there's someone else breathing, too.
Hatsumi: "You have a mat for guests? You're very well prepared."
Kaori: "...My little sister went on about wanting to come visit, and...my bed's too small for us to sleep together on it."
I've had the Chief sleep on the guest mat on the floor. I feel a little bad for sleeping on the bed, which is in a higher position, but... It's not that strange or anything, is it?
Hatsumi: "I see...so you have a sister then, Sawai."
The Chief smiles in the darkness.
Hatsumi: "...Is she cute?"
When she asks, I remember my sister's face. Come to think of it, it's been a while since I've seen her...
Kaori: "Yeah...she can get a little cheeky, and kind of selfish, and pretty out of it, but...she's basically pretty cute, I think."
She's two years younger than me, and moved out of the house to go to college in Tokyo. I just hope she's not pushing herself and hasn't gotten sick or anything...
Kaori: "She works really hard, but she sometimes pushes herself way over her limit, so I'll worry about her sometimes."
Hatsumi: "Ah, I see."
Kaori: "She's actually still scared that I might suddenly disappear on her someday. I think that accident I got into left a really strong impression on her."
Kaori: "I got better, so I'm not actually going to vanish on her. I still feel guilty that she's so scared, though..."
Hatsumi: "...Ah, I remember you mentioning that. You were in a terrible accident long ago?"
Kaori: "Yeah, though I don't remember it too well."
Hatsumi: "Ah, I see..."
Silence, once again.
Hatsumi: "Say, I hear the patients have been talking about you."
Talking about me? I think about it a little, and it hits me.
Kaori: "Oh, the healing hands business? I really think that's just a placebo."
Hatsumi: "...Are you sure about that?"
Kaori: "Well, it's unscientific, isn't it? If you could just touch someone to ease their pain and suffering, we wouldn't need hospitals, would we?"
Hatsumi: "...Really, now?"
I think a little bit about what the Chief is saying. It sounds like she's trying to scope me out.
Kaori: "Hmm...though, I do think it would be nice if that were possible."
Kaori: "And, actually...people have told me about my ‘healing hands’ since middle or high school, too."
Hatsumi: "If it's been going on for so long, don't you believe that your healing hands exist?"
This is kind of strange... The Chief seems oddly persistent. Is something going on here...? Should I just keep the conversation going? Or should I ask what the Chief is really after? Continue the conversation. Ask what she's after. She seems interested in me, so I'll keep the conversation going. It's not every day I get the chance to talk with the Chief this personally, anyway.
Kaori: "If healing hands were a real thing, I do think it would be nice if I had them....Just a little bit, though."
Hatsumi: "Just a little?"
Her voice is quiet. She doesn't sound particularly surprised. So I quietly speak what's on my mind.
Kaori: "...Because being different from people like that...leads to unhappiness."
The Chief chuckles in the darkness.
Hatsumi: "Sounds like you've really thought this through."
Kaori: "Well...not formally, exactly."
I manage to put the feelings I've been thinking about for so long into words.
Kaori: "I don't remember the accident too well, but after it, I feel like my life stopped being...normal."
Kaori: "I want to be normal, and I think normal is best, but that's not open to me anymore, so..."
Kaori: "I kind of...idealize being normal? Though that's probably the grass being greener."
Hatsumi: "...That may be it."
I decide to ask what she's really after. There's probably something she wants to say to me.
Kaori: "Um...why do you ask? You seem very curious about this."
Hatsumi: "That's all there is -- I just got curious. There's nothing more to it."
She brushes my suspicion off quickly....Is that really the case, though? It sounded like she was trying to probe something out of me during our conversation. To me, at least. Am I just imagining it?
Hatsumi: "It's getting late. We have work tomorrow, so let's get to sleep."
I hear the Chief turn over on the mat. That's as good a sign as any that the conversation is over.
Kaori: "You're right. Good night."
Hatsumi: "...Good night."
          ...ve.           You must live.               ...Huh?        Is this...a continuation of that dream I always have...?        But I didn't hear the car horn        or the brakes screeching...
Hatsumi: "Oh, you're finally up? Good morning. You're surprisingly hard to wake up."
...Huh? What's the Chief doing here...?
Hatsumi: "I want to check up on the night shifters, and I need to stop by my room, so I'll be heading off first. Do make sure you're on time."
Kaori: "Hweh?"
Hatsumi: "...Are you still half asleep?"
Kaori: "A-Ah, good morning..."
Hatsumi: "...I'm sure you can handle it. Take care."
Hm...? I hoist myself up in bed and think for a few moments.
Kaori: "Ahh?!"
Now I remember! I let the Chief stay over last night! And I let her talk to me while I was half conscious! That's so embarrassing! I'm on the day shift today, but I'm too embarrassed to show her my face! But I've got to get to work. There's no avoiding that.
Kaori: "Argh..."
I drag myself out of bed. Time to do my best at work today! I've got to condemn myself! I-I mean, redeem myself! Am I still half asleep...?
====================scr00508.kgo====================
I take a deep breath of that fresh morning air to expel the last bits of drowsiness in me. All right, time to do my best today! When I let out a big stretch, I notice what looks like a person's outline from the corner of my eye. Huh? Was that...Senpai? I swear I saw Senpai around the stairs... But she wouldn't be there, right? Am I just seeing things? But I wouldn't mistake anyone for her... Her room's on the third floor, and she wouldn't come up here unless she had something to do, right...? Though I'm a little curious, since the elevator just got here, I decide to take it down to the lobby.
Kaori: "Huh? Senpai?"
The moment I step out of the elevator, I see Senpai's back as she heads for the door.
Nagisa: "Oh, hey, good morning! Talk about timing, huh?"
Kaori: "Good morning. And wow, we almost never run into each other here in the morning. You're usually a lot earlier than me."
Nagisa: "I kind of overslept a little today, heh."
Kaori: "Oh, really?"
I see that bashful smile of Senpai's I've grown so used to. Then, I remember what I just saw.
Kaori: "Oh, hey, Senpai -- were you using the stairs?"
Nagisa: "Huh? What're you talking about?"
Senpai looks surprised, so I tilt my head....I must've seen wrong.
Kaori: "Oh, it's just, I thought you'd taken the stairs since you didn't take the elevator."
Senpai shakes her head.
Nagisa: "Huh? No, I took the elevator. I got down a bit before you and was having some coffee before going to work."
Senpai's eyeing the lobby vending machine. I guess she bought some canned coffee from it.
Kaori: "Oh, I see."
Which meant that Senpai had probably taken the elevator a floor below me. So the person I saw must've been someone else... I take a look at the staircase. Hm. No one's come down from them....That's kind of...unsettling.
Nagisa: "You look pretty curious about the stairs. Is something up?"
Senpai peers into my face with concern. I quickly try to smile.
Kaori: "O-Oh, it's nothing, nothing at all."
I can't let myself worry Senpai!
Nagisa: "Really?"
Kaori: "Y-Yeah, let's get going. We can't be late!"
Yeah. I just imagined that. That's what I'll tell myself! I didn't see a thing! There was no one but me on the fourth floor, and there aren't any trespassers in the dorm! Yeah, I just saw wrong!
Nagisa: "You don't want to be late, but it sure is nice to take your time going to work sometimes."
Nagisa: "And I didn't think I'd get to have you as my commutemate, Sawai!"
Kaori: "...Is that even a word, Senpai?"
Nagisa: "Hmm, I guess not. How about, commute ‘companion’?"
Kaori: "Companion... That sounds a little fantasy-esque."
Nagisa: "Think so?"
Kaori: "Yeah, like, a little too dramatic for just going to work."
Nagisa: "Then...we're having a romantic outing for two...to the hospital!"
Kaori: "I feel like the direction that takes is a little off."
Nagisa: "A little off? I was just trying to spice up the moment!"
Kaori: "I mean, that does spice it up, but it doesn't quite fit?"
Nagisa: "Hmm...if drama and romance are off, then...maybe adding in some comedy...but both my ideas have some comedy to them, so maybe those would be out, too..."
As Senpai shakes her head about and mulls over the proper way to exaggerate our outing, I take a look at my watch. WHOA.
Kaori: "S-Senpai, we don't have that kind of time!"
I show her my watch.
Kaori: "If we don't hurry, we won't have time to change!"
Nagisa: "Whoa, you're right! I'll go on ahead, Sawai!"
Kaori: "H-Hey, that's no fair! Wait up for me!"
Senpai dashes out of the building. With that, we sprint to the hospital as fast as our legs can take us....But when I think about it... Taking a romantic outing for two to the hospital might not be half bad!
====================scr00509.kgo====================
I somehow made it through the day! And boy, am I beat. I've gotten pretty used to work, but there's still so much that I have to learn every day that I can't help but feel anxious. Even though feeling anxious doesn't actually lead to anything good. I mean, I know that, but still... Miss Sakai comes to mind. She's a patient here, but she keeps up with her nurse studies and knows far more than I do. *Sigh*...I sure am sorry, aren't I? I've got my nurse uniform, I've got my license, but it's like I'm no different from when I was just a trainee. I let out a sigh, then shake my head a bit. No. I can't let myself get all negative. Joy'll run out of reach while I'm sighing, so I've got to think of something fun! Let me try and switch gears. All right. I know, what'll I have for dinner tonight? Should I cook, or grab something from the store? Hm? My phone's ringing? I scramble through my bag. Who would call me at this hour? Is someone calling me to the hospital? An unknown number?
Kaori: "Um, hello...?"
I listen closely, but I don't hear anything. I wonder why?
Kaori: "Um, hello?"
Kaori: "Was that a...a wrong number?"
When I try to put my phone in my back, it starts to ring again, so I check the display. Another unknown number...
Kaori: "Hello...?"
Once again, nothing. Silence. It sends a chill down my spine.
Kaori: "Who is this?!"
This is kind of...gross... If the call came twice, I'm guessing it's not a wrong number, right...?
Kaori: "I-I'll just hurry home!"
With my phone still in hand, I hurry back to the dorm. It starts ringing again. Once again, an unknown number....What in the world is going on? Who is it? I toss out my ringing phone and start running.
Kaori: "...!"
This is so creepy! And scary! I hate this! The store's right there in front of me. I see the warm light of the store I always go to. Its bright glow makes it look like a safe zone, and I eagerly run into its open arms.
Kaori: "*Pant, pant*... Phew..."
As my shoulders heave with my labored breaths, the cashier gives me a surprised look. What am I going to do now...? I look at my phone. It's just a list of "unknown number"
in my history. My legs start to tremble. I take deep breaths again and again, then stand in front of the bookshelf. That's all I'm doing. But even though I'm just standing here, my breathing gets heavier, more labored. I can start to hear my heart pounding. Who's calling me? What are they after? My mind runs off without me. Is someone after me? Does someone want to...? To kill me? *Thump*! My heart howls at me. It becomes faster, louder... My chest burns; it's hard to breathe. S-Stay away...! Don't kill me...! Pain sears through my heart, and my ears begin to ring. My head hurts, too. Someone's coming to kill me...
Kaori: "S-Stay away..."
Someone wants my life? But why me? Why...?
???: "Huh? Sawai?"
Kaori: "Ahh?!"
???: "Wh-What's wrong?!"
I scream when someone pats me on the shoulder and cower on the ground. Then, I cautiously look up. A surprised looking Senpai comes into my vision.
Kaori: "Sen...pai?"
Nagisa: "Are...are you all right?"
Her worried looking face brings me back to my senses.
Kaori: "O-Oh, uh...I'm sorry. I was just...just thinking about something! I'm fine, sorry about that!"
Nagisa: "Hmph, you gave me a real scare! You just...screamed and cowered to the floor all of a sudden."
Kaori: "S-Sorry about that."
Nagisa: "Are you really all right, though? Your face is awfully pale."
Senpai crouches down next to me and gives me a worried look, putting a hand on my cheek. It's such a gentle touch.
Kaori: "I'm fine, really. I...I felt a lot better when I saw you, Senpai."
Nagisa: "?"
Kaori: "Ahah, it's nothing. Your hand feels really nice..."
I push my face against Senpai's hand on my cheek and give it a rub. Senpai giggles in response.
Nagisa: "Oh, cut that out, silly. Now, can you stand?"
Senpai stands up first and offers me her hand. I hold onto it tight, and she gives my hand a warm squeeze in kind.
Nagisa: "Hey, Sawai...are you all right?"
Kaori: "Yeah, I'm fine now!"
I stand up energetically. Yea, I'm fine now. The fear that brought me to my knees a while ago is nowhere to be found. Still, Senpai looks me in the eyes with worry coloring her face.
Nagisa: "You're still really pale, though. Have you got what you need here? If you're all done, how about we go back together?"
Kaori: "Huh? A-Are you sure?!"
Nagisa: "Am I sure? Sawai, we live in the same building!"
Kaori: "O-Oh, yeah...well, awesome! I'll hurry and buy my stuff, then! Er, hm, what to have..."
Just having Senpai by my side makes me feel so much better.
Nagisa: "Wait, you weren't thinking of what to buy?"
My voice grows awkward when I hear Senpai's suspicion.
Kaori: "Oh, yeah. I was thinking of something else..."
Nagisa: "Thinking about work? You worried about something?"
Kaori: "No, not exactly. Ah, sorry for worrying you..."
Nagisa: "Hey, I'm your senpai. I've gotta look out for you! It's been like that since high school, remember?"
Kaori: "*Giggle* Was it, now?"
Nagisa: "Yeah. In fact, it was way tougher back in high school. We studied every day after school during exam season, remember?"
Kaori: "Yeah...that brings me back."
Nagisa: "Hey, don't talk like it happened decades ago! And have you stopped freaking out the day before tests?"
Senpai pretends to be angry.
Kaori: "Eheheh, nothing's changed."
When I shrug, Senpai giggles at me.
Nagisa: "Hmph, same as always, huh? Well, you're not a student anymore, so there's no more exam seasons, y'know?"
Nagisa: "You can't get away with just studying right before the test, so you've got to work hard every day!"
Kaori: "Yes, ma'am!"
Nagisa: "Hmph, you sure know how to give a good answer!"
She lets out a sigh of mock frustration. This is just...so strange... I was so just so incredibly scared a while ago, but now...I feel fine.
Nagisa: "Wonder what I'll go with? I don't really feel like making dinner, so I'll just grab a premade one."
Kaori: "Oh, how about we have dinner in my room?"
Nagisa: "Hey, nice idea!"
Kaori: "Then let's buy some snacks, too!"
Nagisa: "And how about some beer to go with it?"
Senpai's mischievous smile is so reassuring to look at.
Kaori: "Sure, but go easy on them, all right? And don't come crying to me if you end up drunk and going cheep-cheep again."
Nagisa: "Cheep-cheep? What're you talking about?"
Wait...
Kaori: "Y-You don't remember?!"
Nagisa: "Don't remember what?"
She's looking at me in minor shock, and I can't imagine she's lying.
Kaori: "Wow, you've actually forgotten...? I'll record a video next time, then."
Nagisa: "W-Wait, what're you plotting?!"
Kaori: "Uh, nothing!"
Nagisa: "You've definitely got something up your sleeve!"
Kaori: "I'm gonna head for the register!"
I giggle my way to the register, then put my stuff on the counter. When I reach for my wallet, I end up touching my phone. The cold, inorganic feeling on my fingers. It sends a chill down my spine.
Kaori: "......"
Come to think of it, it stopped ringing... I quietly take my hand from the phone and cautiously take out my wallet. I listen carefully as I pay for my food. I don't hear the phone ring. The tension finally leaving me, I let out a smile and turn back to Senpai.
Kaori: "I bought your favorite snacks, too."
Nagisa: "Awesome! Thanks, Sawai!"
She's standing right behind me, grinning away. Those gentle fingers that touched my cheek, that strong hand that held mine... I'm going to be fine. As long as Senpai's by my side, I'm going to be fine. I don't have any evidence of that, but thinking it makes me feel relief from the bottom of my heart.
====================scr00510.kgo====================
My phone keeps on ringing. Someone is probably watching me from afar... But who? And from where? Why? I start to shake. Uncontrollably. I'm so scared...! Someone, help...!
Kaori: "...!"
I reach out and stop my alarm. I didn't get a wink of sleep. And I'm on the day shift today... I know I have to get to work, but......my legs just won't move, and my body is frozen. I have no appetite. I want to vomit. My head hurts. My vision is spinning.
Kaori: "...Ah..."
...Someone, help me...
====================scr00511.kgo====================
...My consciousness returns. Someone is banging on the door... A few moments pass. I don't hear anything anymore.
Kaori: "......"
...What was that sound? Did someone come by? ...Come to kill me...? ...Enough already. Just...do whatever you want. It's not like I can get away...
???: "Sawai! Pull it together!"
Huh? Isn't that...? I open my eyes to see the Chief looking down at me.
Hatsumi: "Sawai! You're back with us!"
I feel tears pouring from my eyes.
Kaori: "Ch-Chief!"
I hug her tight. She doesn't shrink back, opting instead to hug me tightly in kind.
Kaori: "Chief... Ohh, Chief...!"
Hatsumi: "You're so silly...crying like that."
She gives me a consoling shake. It feels like that's all it takes to melt my heart frozen over by fear...
Hatsumi: "What's the matter? Did you have a scary dream?"
Her comforting voice pours into me. The Chief is so...so nice. That's kind of...strange. But it's totally all right. I love it when the Chief is nice.
Kaori: "...Someone's going to kill me."
Hatsumi: "Someone's going to kill you? Who?"
I hold on to her tight and tell her about the fear that's been with me since yesterday.
Kaori: "The scary man in the driver seat is smiling and coming to kill me..."
Hatsumi: "You had a bad dream...I'm sorry to hear that."
She listens to me without laughing it off.
Hatsumi: "It's going to be all right. You don't need to worry about a thing. Just leave it all to me."
Her voice soothes my heart.
Hatsumi: "That scary man isn't going to come get you anymore. I'll chase him off for you."
I thought she'd say I was being stupid or hallucinating or something. I thought she'd just laugh me off. But she listened to me so intently...
Kaori: "Really...? He's not going to come out again?"
Hatsumi: "Don't you believe me? Have I ever lied to you?"
Her voice seeps into my heart. I think about all the conversations I've had with the Chief. She's been strict, sure, and pretty scary, but she's always taken me seriously and accepted me. Even as a useless newbie, she always treated me like a nurse...
Kaori: "...You haven't."
She chuckles at my ear. Her breath touches my lobe. It tickles.
Kaori: "...Sis..."
The word just slips out of me. But it's fine. We're not in the nurses station. This is my room. Right now, it's just me and her. No one's going to laugh at me for calling the Chief sis.
Hatsumi: "Oh?"
Kaori: "I just...wanted to call you that."
Hatsumi: "Aww, sounds like someone wants comforting."
Such a sweet conversation.
Hatsumi: "Well, go right ahead. You'll get all the comforting you want. Just for today."
I feel so...so safe.
Hatsumi: "I've made you some hot milk. You like hot milk, don't you?"
I take the milk and feel it warm my hands up.
Kaori: "Yeah...I love this stuff."
A strange mood takes me when I answer. Wait...how did she know that? Did I ever tell her that I loved hot milk? ...... Well, I'm sure I did. I probably told her back when I told her how much I loved cinnamon. That had to be it. I put my lips to the cup. The pleasant taste is well accented with honey. The sheer nostalgia makes me tear up.
Hatsumi: "Silly girl, crying again."
Kaori: "Well...well..."
Hatsumi: "I'll make you some more if you want to. So...cheer up?"
Kaori: "Yeah...y-yeah..."
Hatsumi: "And look at your hair...it's all messed up. You're a girl -- you've got to be cute."
She comes around behind me.
Hatsumi: "I'll do your hair for you today."
With brush in hand, she gently brushes my bunched up hair out. The, she tightly bunches some strands into one.
Hatsumi: "Very cute. This hairstyle really does suit you."
She smiles so brightly at me I shrink back in shyness. How could I not? Her smile was just so...so gentle.
Hatsumi: "Oh...hold on a little."
Hatsumi: "Hello, this is Otsuka speaking."
The Chief goes to the door. She's talking on the phone. I wonder who it is...? I don't really like this. I was really enjoying her pampering me... The Chief comes back after a while.
Hatsumi: "There was some trouble back at the ward. I'll have to go back, but...you can just keep resting for today."
Kaori: "Sis..."
When I call for her, she looks down at me with yearning eyes.
Hatsumi: "Will I see you again?"
Kaori: "I don't know."
The words just come out of my mouth. I feel...light, for some reason. It feels like this is all taking place in a dream, lacking reality. The Chief stands up. I try to take her hand, but for some reason, my body doesn't move.
Hatsumi: "...Well, take care."
The Chief walks out. Leaving me alone. It's just me in the room now. I feel a strange mix of satisfaction and loneliness. But I don't feel fear anymore.
Kaori: "......"
I take another sip of my hot milk. For some reason, it feels bizarrely sweet. But why? It tasted really nostalgic a while ago... But...the Chief's kindness really cheered me up. I decide to stay in, since the Chief insisted, and do my best tomorrow.
====================scr00512.kgo====================
I'm standing in front of Miss Sakai's door.
Kaori: "...Phew."
Taking the day off yesterday without letting anyone know ahead of time really made trouble for her. Today, she's the only patient I'm in charge of. Since I was off yesterday, another nurse suddenly had to take care of her IV, and predictably, her timing got misaligned. Because Miss Sakai's a real stickler for details, she was in a really foul mood when her drip change came in late. But even so, she worried about me and gave me a phone call. And that makes me really happy. Even though she was mean and sarcastic in the end. But since she gave me a call, shouldn't I take that as her finally opening her heart? It's really hard to show my face in front of her, but I've got to say thanks!
Sayuri: "Come in."
Kaori: "All right."
Kaori: "Um...thank you for yesterday. And sorry for worrying you."
Sayuri: "...I told you this yesterday, but I wasn't worried about you. Don't get the wrong idea."
Oof.
Sayuri: "You remember what I said, don't you? Hospital life is dreadfully boring, and you make a good distraction. I don't want you disappearing on me -- that's all."
...She sure hasn't changed. But on the other hand, that's kind of...relieving? It makes me really realize I'm talking to Miss Sakai again....So, I came to apologize, but... This is awkward...
Sayuri: "Come in."
Kaori: "All right."
Sayuri: "So, I hear you took a little vacation yesterday."
Oof, mean right off the bat...
Kaori: "O-Oh, well...I got a little sick..."
Sayuri: "Oh, is that so? As a nurse, your health is one of your prime assets. Taking care of yourself is one of the most basic parts of the job. Are you taking your work seriously enough?"
Yeesh...Miss Sakai's being as biting as ever...
Sayuri: "Nurses work as a team. You can't just take the day off like you're still in school -- that just makes trouble for your team and the patients."
Well, she's right. She's so right that I can't say anything back.
Sayuri: "It felt so freeing to be rid of you, but it was an awful pain to have to ring the nurse call every time I needed my IV changed."
Sayuri: "Coming to change my IV without a call is the sole merit of having you in charge of me, so having you skip out on work is nothing but trouble."
Kaori: "I'm...I'm sorry..."
That's when I notice a blackened scar on Miss Sakai's arm. Internal bleeding. I take a closer look to see faint petechia around it, too. I think of how painful those tiny spots of bleeding look as I stare at her arm. Noticing my eyes on her, she quickly hides her arm under her covers.
Kaori: "You don't have to hide it."
Sayuri: "......"
She frowns and glares at me. Did I...say something offensive?
Sayuri: "Hold out your hand."
Kaori: "?"
Sayuri: "Hold out...your right hand. Give me your right hand."
With no real idea what's going on, I hold out my right hand for her. And when I do, she grabs my wrist.
Kaori: "Huh...?!"
I try to pull it back, but she has me in her iron grip. How can she be so strong for someone so sick?
Kaori: "Th-That hurts!"
Miss Sakai doesn't let go. In fact, she tugs even harder. I lose my balance and collapse into her bed. All I can barely manage to do is make sure I don't collapse directly onto her.
Kaori: "Ow...?!"
Suddenly, a sharp pain runs through my arm. I look over to see that Miss Sakai's bitten into it. Fresh, red blood spills from her mouth...no, from the wound on my arm.
Kaori: "Huh...?"
Wait, what? What just happened? I'm stunned as she pulls her lips away. I look down at the fresh teeth marks in my arm. Blood gushes from the broken skin.
Sayuri: "...I gave you an embarrassing wound, too."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Sayuri: "You can't work with something as unsightly as a bite mark exposed for all the world to see, can you?"
She laughs mockingly at me. Her mouth is red with blood. My blood.
Sayuri: "Now we're even."
Kaori: "...Huh?"
Sayuri: "...I almost wish sucking your blood would cure me."
Did she just say something? I don't understand what she did, or what she said...
Sayuri: "Well then, Miss Nurse. Anything else you need?"
When she asks me that cold question, I somehow get back to my senses.
Kaori: "Er...nothing...in particular."
Sayuri: "I see. Then how about you stop wasting time in here and get back to work?"
Kaori: "Oh, sure...right."
I bow my head. I'm...really confused. I'm confused, but...I've got to get back to work. I don't know what Miss Sakai meant by what she said or did, but I do know that I'm a nurse, and that I'm on the clock.
Kaori: "I'm really sorry for all the trouble I caused."
I look up and try smiling at Miss Sakai. Trying to communicate that I'm fine now. The bite on my arm really hurts, and the blood is definitely going to drip off of my fingers, but it doesn't hurt so much I can't smile.
Sayuri: "......"
Kaori: "Give me a nurse call if you need anything....Take care."
====================scr00513.kgo====================
Miss Sakai's bite on my arm from yesterday hurts a lot less today. Yesterday really was something. It would have turned into a huge problem if the Chief had seen me, and there was no way I could have shown Senpai, either. So I stealthily dressed the wound all by myself. But...it sure was hard holding the tweezers in my left hand. While I was battling with my arm, one of the part time nurses wandered in, asked if a kid had bitten me, and helped me out. Boy, if she hadn't shown up... It might've been thanks to that nurse's help, but it wasn't too painful in the bath, and when I woke up, it was already a scab. A miracle of the body...and a sign that the wound's gone into the proliferative phase. Er, that is the medical term, right? I'd better look it up...
???: "...Sawai. What's the bruise on your arm?"
Someone calls me from behind. I turn around to see the Chief, looking utterly surprised. Her eyes are squarely on the scabby bite mark Miss Sakai left on my right arm. I smile back at her, trying to seem as calm as I can. *Giggle* Now I get to unleash the excuse I'd thought up just for the Chief.
Kaori: "Oh, this? I went to break up some kids' fight yesterday and one of them bit me."
Kaori: "It stings just a little bit, but I'm fine now."
Hatsumi: "Oh, I see..."
She looks suspicious, but she seems to have accepted that. She goes to her desk in the back and gets to her usual paperwork....Phew. The wound was fresh yesterday, so I had a gauze on it. It doesn't hurt much today, so I leave it as is, but......this bite mark sure does stand out... I have no idea what Miss Sakai was thinking when she left this bite mark on my arm. But it just might be what helps me understand our patients' pain...especially hers. I have a critical lack of experience, so this wound is probably part of what I need.
Kaori: "Oh, I'll get it!"
Hatsumi: "Thanks."
I need more experience! Way more!
Kaori: "Yes, what seems to be the problem?"
Kaori: "I'm back!"
Yasuko: "Hey, Sawai, ya got any pressin' work right about now?"
Kaori: "Er... Well, I just came back from a call, so all I've got to do is a report..."
Yasuko: "Ya wanna go on essen first?"
Kaori: "Uh, essence? Essence of what?"
Go on the essence of what? That's what she said, right? Or is she talking about something completely different...?
Yasuko: "Not essence, essen! It's German for eatin'. I'm tellin' ya to go on lunch."
More jargon?!
Kaori: "...Could you say it normally?"
Yasuko: "Heh, well, I figured ya wouldn't know the word."
Kaori: "Hey, what's that supposed to mean?!"
How rude! Why would she go and use a word I specifically don't know? What a meanie! ...It's kind of hard to taste anything when you're eating lunch alone...
Hatsumi: "...Oh, you were on lunch, Sawai?"
Kaori: "Oh, hewwo."
I am chomping on the last bite of my meal, so I sound pretty strange. The Chief looks at me with a troubled face.
Hatsumi: "Leave the talking until after you've eaten."
Then, with a giggle, she takes a small container out of her pocket.
Hatsumi: "...This works rather well."
She pleasantly places it in front of me. I close my lunch box, put it away, and pick up the container.
Kaori: "...What's this...? Ointment...?"
Hatsumi: "It's an ointment that I had prescribed from a recipe I've been using for quite some time. It should work on you, too."
Kaori: "Hm?"
I'm not exactly sure what she means, but it's a really effective ointment, right? I open the lid. A gentle, floral scent fills the room.
Kaori: "Wow, this smells really good..."
For some reason, this scent feels familiar... The Chief chuckles.
Hatsumi: "Hand it here, I'll put it on you. It can't be easy to apply it with your left hand, can it?"
Kaori: "Oh...thanks."
I obediently hold out my right hand. The Chief holds up my hand for me. Her hands are so warm, so gentle... The strange scent of flowers diffuses through the break room. The ointment is soft, easily spreading over my wound. And just like that, the pain and discomfort pulsating from the wound just disappears.
Kaori: "Wow...this ointment really DOES work well..."
She chuckles again. Then, she closes the ointment and starts speaking casually.
Hatsumi: "If being in charge of one of the bigger kids is tough, you could always switch with someone."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Bigger...kids? She places the ointment in front of me with a bit of a thud.
Kaori: "U-Um..."
...So does that mean she knows who bit me?
Hatsumi: "She's only going to get worse. She'll be more than a new nurse can handle."
Kaori: "......!"
My heart leaps. Oh, she knows, all right. I mean, there was no way I was hiding who bit me, right from the start. But...what did she mean by that? That she's only going to get worse? If she's talking about Miss Sakai, does that mean taking care of her will only get worse? So much so that I won't be able to handle her? Does that mean her symptoms are going to get much worse?
Hatsumi: "...Do you want to switch with someone?"
She looks me right in the eyes. To my surprise, an image of Miss Sakai suffering from a fever comes to mind. Her face is twisted in defeated frustration, and her weakened eyes are looking straight at death...
Kaori: "...!"
Hatsumi: "...I'll arrange for it if you will."
Part of me wants to switch out. Then I'd be spared from her unending attacks. And I wouldn't have to take care of her while she suffers so much, either. But I don't want to switch out. I can't stop now -- not when I've just started to connect with her. And besides, she's my first patient. No matter how hard it is, I want to see this through to the end.
Kaori: "......"
...I don't have an answer. But I can't look away from the Chief's eyes. Not when those eyes are telling me to make my decision, here and now...! What should I do? No...what do I want to do? I want to switch out. I don't want to switch out.
Kaori: "You're...you're right...it's probably too much for me..."
If her symptoms are going to get worse, she's only going to get meaner. Her attacks are definitely going to turn horrible. And when I wonder if I can take the damage her mouth will deal, well...I don't think I can. Besides, she was far too much from me from the start. I steal a glance at the Chief, but for some reason, she looks disappointed.
Hatsumi: "...You're not like her."
Kaori: "Huh?"
I want to ask who, but the mood does not allow it. She's the one who offered it, but she's disappointed...? ...Which means she was testing me?!
Hatsumi: "I'll arrange for you to be switched within the week, then."
My heart beats so loud that I can hear it. Is this...really how it should be? Someone whispers that in the depths of my heart. Aren't you going to regret giving up on Miss Sakai?
Kaori: "Um...a-actually."
I hold my hands tightly together and bring them to my chest. I just need to scrounge up what little courage I have now! Please!
Kaori: "P-Please, give me a little bit more time before I have to decide!"
Hatsumi: "......"
She looks at me with a blank expression in silence.
Kaori: "Miss Sakai's the first patient I've been assigned to...so...please, give me some more time. Until I really can't take it anymore."
Hatsumi: "Until you can't take it anymore? Are you serious? Is that all the resolve you can stitch to together?"
Her words stab into my chest.
Kaori: "I am taking this seriously. And I'll see things with her through to prove it!"
Hatsumi: "...Anyone can talk the talk."
I fall silent. I'm the one who made it sound like I don't take this seriously. So I can't actually say anything back. When I bite my lips, the Chief lets out a small smile.
Hatsumi: "Show me that you mean it with your actions."
Kaori: "I-I will!"
Kaori: "No! I...I don't want to run away! I don't want to give up!"
Kaori: "Miss Sakai's my first patient!"
Kaori: "I might not be able to do anything, but I want to be there for her through her pain!"
Kaori: "It might really hurt, and I might cry, but I want to see things through to the very end!"
The Chief looks at me with cool eyes.
Hatsumi: "...So you're ready, then?"
No. I'm not ready in the least. But that doesn't matter. I told the Chief I wouldn't run, so I'll pick it up on the way.
Kaori: "...I'm ready to see this through."
The Chief looks like she's about to cry.
Hatsumi: "...You're going to walk a long, painful road. You're going to go through a lot of struggle and hurt."
Hatsumi: "But you're not alone. Just don't forget that."
I don't really get it, but... I know that she's trying to tell me something important -- that much gets through. So I nod.
Hatsumi: "...Allow me to give you some advice."
After seeming to hesitate for a while, the Chief speaks up.
Hatsumi: "The path you should take is inside you."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Hatsumi: "Whenever you find yourself lost, seek the answer within."
Kaori: "Within...?"
She sounds like she's speaking in riddles.
Hatsumi: "...That's all I can tell you."
But I can't imagine she'd tell me any more. I know she's not going to help me with what I want to know unless I think hard, do my own researching, and really rack my mind over it. I already know how strict she is on herself and others.
Kaori: "...I don't intend to let you down, Chief."
I clearly declare, with my eyes squarely on her. She smiles back at me, seeming satisfied.
Hatsumi: "I'm expecting great things."
Kaori: "Yes, ma'am!"
Then, the Chief claps her hands together and stands up, as if to usher us back to work.
Hatsumi: "Well, that does it for break time. Head back to work."
I stand up after her.
Kaori: "Right away!"
That's the end of my lunch break! Time to get back to work -- I've got patients waiting for me!
====================scr00514.kgo====================
Kaori: "Urgh..."
Today's my first day on the night shift. I'm pretty nervous. I'm joining a pair tonight: Senpai, and a night shift exclusive nurse that I haven't spoken with much. I'm really glad Senpai is here with me. Well, she is my preceptor, so you'd expect them to put her into the night shift with me... But it's really reassuring to have her here! I finish changing and smack myself on the cheeks.
Kaori: "Time to give it my all!"
Right when I psyche myself up. Someone slaps me on the back.
Kaori: "...Oww!"
???: "That's the spirit!"
I turn around to see that Senpai is standing there.
Nagisa: "With all that energy, Sawai, it looks like you're ready to do my job, too! Aren't you nice, giving your senpai an easy time!"
Kaori: "H-Hey!"
Nagisa: "I'm just so blessed to have someone think of me so much!"
Kaori: "Hmph. *Giggle* Senpai, you're such a handful!"
Nagisa: "H-Hmph! You can't just hmph your way into a giggle like that! You've got to have some frustration in your hmphs, hmph!"
Kaori: "Ahaha..."
Senpai sure is in a good mood today... Moving over into the night shift is a lot like moving into the morning shift. After reports from the previous shift, we immediately start our night shift work. Senpai and I get to checking the medicine while looking over the prescription sheets. There are some patients who take care of their own medication. We hand them enough for a week, and they take them three times a day with every meal. Not all of the patients are like that, however. Some of them forget to take their medicine often, and sometimes they have too much medicine or not enough. In those cases, we manage the medication in the nurses station. The checks before the night shift begins are to make sure that there no mistakes with the medicine, that the number is correct, that we haven't given medicine to the wrong patients, and so on. Every day, people on the night shift who aren't in charge of the intensive care room check the night's medicine, as well as the following day's morning and afternoon medicine. The prescription sheet is handwritten by the doctor, and his handwriting is a little hard to read here and there. Sometimes, the pharmacist neatly writes the name under some particularly messy handwriting, but...
Kaori: "This is...really hard to read..."
This is...kind of a pain. But it's really important, so I can't complain!
Nagisa: "...Sawai, you just thought this was a pain, didn't you?"
Uh-oh! Did she see through me...? I cautiously turn to look at her to see that she's looking right back at me, brow furrowed. She seems like she's on the verge of telling me something....And she'd be right. It just isn't right for a nurse to think of her duties as a pain. And right as I'm about to admonish myself...
Nagisa: "...Don't tell anyone, but this is a huge pain."
She giggles at me. That smile fills me with relief.
Nagisa: "Man, Sawai, what's with that face? Did you think I was going to chew you out?"
Kaori: "Well..."
We share looks and laugh at more or less the same time.
Nagisa: "But like, the doctor's handwriting is super messy. Stuff's indecipherable. Can't he think about how hard it is for people to read?"
I can't help but burst out laughing at how frank Senpai is being. When we finish checking the medicine, we go off to pass out the pile of meds to the patients. While we pass out medication, we also ask the patients how they're doing and take their evening vitals. The other nurse takes care of the intensive care room, but there's more than twenty other patients, so it's about dinner by the time we see them all. Once dinner comes up from the nutrition department, we get right to passing it out. The nursing assistants start their shift about now, so we split up with them to help the patients who can't eat by themselves. And when that's over and done with, it's finally time for our dinner.
Kaori: "...Urgh."
Nagisa: "What's the matter, Sawai? No appetite?"
For some reason, we eat dinner in the nurses station instead of the break room. I'm at our familiar table, looking at the food I'd just seen at every patient's bedside, fresh from the nutrition department. So, dinner is hospital food. The nursing assistants are having the same meal, so the table is full of hospital food... Though they're off changing diapers right now. According to the schedule, the night shift nurses and nursing assistants don't eat together much.
Nagisa: "All right, let's dig it! I wonder what's for dinner tonight? ...Er, what's up, Sawai?"
Kaori: "I'm just a little winded... Is it always this busy here?"
Senpai and the night shift nurse look at each other in surprise.
Nagisa: "Tonight's really slow, though? There aren't many patients with serious illnesses, and there aren't any sudden changes or sterbens yet."
Kaori: "Huh...?"
Nurse A: "It just feels really chaotic because you aren't used to it, Sawai. Get used to it and this'll be nothing at all."
...Really? I guess so... I'm still a bit worried, though... Then, I take a look out the window. It's pitch black already.
Kaori: "...It's already dark out, huh..."
Nagisa: "Well, yeah. It's already past 7."
There's no surprise in her voice. Hooboy...I'm...I'm scared of nighttime. Well, less nighttime and more the dark. But I'm on the job! I can't let myself get scared! I've got to do my best!
Nurse A: "...Well, we've got Sawai here, so I hope there's no events tonight."
Kaori: "Events?"
Nurse A: "Right, that's when a patient vomits, falls over, stops breathing...that kind of stuff."
Kaori: "E-Eeep!"
This IS a hospital. Sometimes patients will get worse, or fall out of their beds....But if they stop breathing... Th-That's too scary to think about...
Nagisa: "Hey, no need to look so worried. We've got a doctor on call, so we just need to take care of our jobs!"
Kaori: "W-Well, yeah, but..."
Nurse A: "Fujisawa's right. All we need to do is what we're supposed to -- nothing more and nothing less."
Nurse A: "...Yamanouchi put it like this: ‘Just make sure ya don't trip up and kill 'em by accident.' *Giggle* She’s right, too."
I-Is that something to laugh off...?
Nagisa: "She's just too intense, y'know? I feel like sweating just hearing that."
Kaori: "It's time for lights out!"
Ami: "Got it!"
Lights out happens at 9. All of the night shift nurses split up and turn off the lights in each room.
Nurse A: "Turn off the lights?"
Kaori: "Yep."
After turning the lights off in all the rooms, we finish off with turning off the lights in the hall. The internal medicine ward has to take care of the staircase from the third floor to the roof, and Senpai's already turned off the lights there.
Nurse A: "Sawai, the hallway light switch is over here."
The hall grows dark with a click. Only the pale glow of the nurses station illuminates the area now. The lights never go off in the nurses station. They stay on twenty four hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year. The surgery ward team takes care of the staircase from the second to third floor, so the hallway's already dark aside from the nurses station. It's pretty scary... Right when I shudder a little bit at the dark, I swear I see someone's shadow move in the stairway.
Kaori: "Eep...!"
...It's really scary, but I can't pretend that I didn't see anything. I'm a nurse, and I can't let something that might be a danger to the patients just slide.
Kaori: "......"
The stairs. At night. I timidly peer at them....There's no one there. Was I just imagining what I saw?
Nagisa: "Hey, Sawai, manage to write your reports?"
Senpai's calling for me. I've got to go back. Yeah, I've got to go back and write my reports. I was just imagining that shadow, wasn't I?
Nagisa: "Sawai? What're you doing out in the stairs? I already turned off the lights."
Kaori: "Oh, uh...it looked like someone was here."
Nagisa: "Oh yeah? Is there anyone here?"
Kaori: "...No, no one."
I turn behind me. I knew it, it's deserted.
Nagisa: "You sure get scared easily, Sawai. Here, I'll hold your hand!"
Senpai holds out her hand.
Kaori: "Huh...?"
While I'm making up my mind whether I should hold her hand or not, she holds mine.
Nagisa: "Hmph, what're you dragging your feet for, Sawai?"
...It's so warm.
Nagisa: "Let's get back to the nurses station."
Kaori: "...Let's."
There are a lot of reports to do on the night shift. I mean, how could there not be? There's more staff present on the day shift, so each nurse doesn't have that much to deal with. Not so on the night shift. Two nurses take care of nearly thirty patients, so that really increases the amount of patients each nurse deals with. Which in turn increases the amount of reports to write.
Nagisa: "You've got to write your night shift reports at night or in the morning, all right?"
Nagisa: "Even if things are quiet during the night, that doesn't mean they'll be quiet in the morning, so you want to write them when you've got the time."
The sheer height of the pile of reports piled in front of me makes me dizzy.
Kaori: "...All of these...?"
Nagisa: "I'll be taking care of most of them, but...you've got to write some, too, all right? I'll help you out, so let's tackle this together."
Kaori: "S-Sure..."
I'm glad Senpai's with me... Because there's no way I could handle this by myself...
Nurse A: "Say, it's already 11."
Nagisa: "Wow, it's that late already? We've got to go on our rounds, then."
Kaori: "Rounds?"
Nagisa: "We go on patrol. You know -- make sure the patients are sleeping right, check if they're breathing, that kind of stuff."
Nurse A: "Sawai, can you go on patrol alone?"
Kaori: "A-Alone...? Me?"
Nurse A: "Well, Fujisawa and I have to do our reports, remember? You're the only one free -- and on your night shift debut, no less."
Nurse A: "You want to get used to this as soon as you can, so it's worth it to try it by yourself."
Kaori: "Yeah, you're...you're right..."
I know with my mind that she's right. But, well...I'm afraid of the dark...
Nagisa: "Hmph, fine, fine. You're scared of the dark, aren't you, Sawai?"
Kaori: "......"
I look down with my face beet red. Senpai saw right through me.
Nagisa: "Well, this is your first tussle with the night shift, so...I'll hold your hand through tonight's patrol. Literally. Since you'll help write my reports and all."
Kaori: "S-Senpai..."
The night shift nurse sighs at me, but... I cling to Senpai's warm hand and step out into the dark hallway. With flashlights in hand, we check each patient behind the curtains in the rooms. Luckily, everyone is in their beds, and breathing just fine. Some of the patients aren't asleep, but if you think about it, 11 PM is normally when you'd just be at home watching TV.
Nagisa: "Oh..."
When we start heading back to the nurses station, Senpai suddenly stops.
Kaori: "Hm?"
Nagisa: "...Ah, nothing."
Kaori: "H-Hey, don't start saying something then stop."
Nagisa: "Well, since you asked... I saw a suspicious looking guy's shadow when we passed the stairs."
Nagisa: "I kept quiet since I knew you'd be scared, though."
Kaori: "!"
Fear grips me, and I squeeze Senpai's hand tighter. A suspicious looking guy...?! But the Chief said the scary man wouldn't show up anymore...! But...only a few days have passed since that, so maybe the message hasn't gotten to him yet. He's...he's not going to beat me! I'm scared, but I'm not going to fold!
Nagisa: "Don't worry, Sawai."
Senpai hugs me close to her...
Nagisa: "I'll protect you..."
I can hardly believe how relieved her words make me. The Chief and the hospital staff said they'd help me out with this...! But...only a few days have passed since then, so they might take care of it soon. He's...he's not going to beat me! I'm scared, but I'm not going to fold!
Nagisa: "Don't worry, he went downstairs. That's the surgery ward, so you don't need to fret about it. Anyway, let's get back to the station."
...Does that mean the scary man is gone, then? Senpai half drags me back to the nurses station. It's midnight. From now, we'll have a nap that totals to four hours. There are three people here tonight, but I count as an attachment to Senpai, so we'll have two hour naps in shifts -- the night shift nurse, then us. She goes into the break room first, while Senpai and I continue our reports. This mountain of reports just doesn't go down... And the two night shift nursing assistants are off on their midnight diaper changing rounds, so the ward is oddly noisy. 1 AM. It's time for rounds again. Since this is the second time, we split up. It's really scary, but...I can't let that stop me....Nothing's out of the ordinary... Yeah. Nothing stands out. Everything's fine... Everyone in this room's sleeping, too...
Kaori: "?!"
There was a sound in the hall just now! I hurry out into the hallway and find it wet with...water, maybe? The hallway is completely silent, and it doesn't feel like there are any people in it.
Kaori: "Who...who did this...?"
My legs start to shake...
Nagisa: "Sawai, everything okay?"
Senpai runs up to me.
Kaori: "Y-Yeah..."
Nagisa: "That suspicious guy was trying to follow you, so I called out to him."
The...suspicious man...? My vision turns black.
Nagisa: "Then he ran off...huh? Sawai, are you okay?"
My body crouches itself on the floor. All I can hear is the sound of a truck's brakes in my head. The man with the terrifying face is there. Someone is saying something. And I can't stop shaking....Someone, save me...!
???: "Don't worry! It's going to be okay!"
Someone hugs me. It's so warm... When I look up to who's providing me such comfort, I see Senpai holding me. This is the ward's hallway. The ward I work in. And I'm a nurse -- I have to pull it together!
Nagisa: "It's going to be all right. I'll protect you..."
Nagisa: "And besides, that was probably just a nightly outpatient who wandered up here. He probably wasn't even after you."
Kaori: "Senpai..."
I gently put my arms around Senpai's back.
Kaori: "I'm sorry for losing it like that... I'm fine now."
Senpai gives me a worried look.
Nagisa: "You sure? You're not pushing yourself, are you?"
I smile at her in response.
Kaori: "I won't let it get to me. I'm a nurse...and I'm going to act like one."
Kaori: "Sorry for losing it and worrying you like that. I can't do a good job of protecting our patients if I let that kind of stuff get to me, huh?"
Senpai still looks worried, but she stands me up.
Nagisa: "Well, if you say you're fine... Don't push yourself, though, all right?"
Then, the two of us wipe down the water in the hall and head back to the station. It's 2 AM. The night shift nurse wakes up, and we switch with her. We lay out blankets on the break room sofas and lie down in them, but...
Nagisa: "*Giggle* You know, it's kind of refreshing to see blankets on both sofas..."
Kaori: "...Oh, really?"
To me, just seeing blankets in the break room I've grown so used to is new enough.
Nagisa: "Well, I always sleep here alone, you know? So there's only ever one blanket."
Kaori: "Oh, you're right..."
Nagisa: "C'mon, your first night shift's tired you out, right? You only get two hours of sleep, but you've got to get back every bit of stamina you can!"
Kaori: "Well, let's sleep, then!"
Nagisa: "There we go -- good girl, Sawai! Get plenty of rest so I can work you ragged when you wake up."
Kaori: "Urgh...ease up on me a little, okay...?"
Our makeshift beds are next to each other. The lights going off is a little scary, but Senpai holds my hand. Her hand's warmth reassuring me, I gently close my eyes. We wake up at 4, go to change the patients' 8-hour IV bottles, then do our rounds again at 5 AM. Oh, and there was another patrol at 3 AM, while Senpai and I were napping. This makes me wonder -- rounds are probably your main job when you're on the night shift. And apparently, you do blood collection in the 5 AM rounds, too. Since it's still dark, you have the patients turn on their bedside lamps to illuminate the blood extraction. We're not doing anything differently from daytime blood collection sessions, but it feels a lot harder, for some reason... When we get back to the station after finishing up our rounds and blood sampling, pinches of sunlight are peeking in through the windows.
Kaori: "...It's just about morning..."
Nagisa: "Glad there weren't any events tonight."
...Boy, if an event happened on top of us being this busy... I don't even want to think about it...
Nagisa: "C'mon, there's no time to stand around! It's time for vitals and temperature checks!"
Kaori: "Wait, again?!"
Nagisa: "After that, we send samples to the testers, get the x-ray films, change diapers, write reports, and prepare for breakfast!"
Nagisa: "Mornings are REALLY busy, so get working!"
Kaori: "A-All right..."
Senpai wasn't kidding -- I didn't have a minute to breathe after that. After vitals checks and diaper changes, we head down to the examination and x-ray rooms down in the outpatient ward when it starts getting light out. And when we get back to our ward, it's time for reports yet again. We finished up everyone's reports during the night, and since nothing special happened tonight, all we have to write now are the patients' vitals. When 8 AM comes around, so does breakfast from the nutrition department, so we prepare the patients first. They call it morning care. We raise up the beds of bedridden patients, wipe their faces down, and help them brush their teeth. This takes a surprising amount of time.
???: "You look as tired as I'd expected."
A familiar voice. I turn around to see the Chief standing there.
Hatsumi: "How was your first night shift?"
Kaori: "Ch-Chief..."
For some reason, I feel oddly relieved. That seems to break a dam in me, because tears start streaming out.
Kaori: "Chieeeeef!"
Hatsumi: "My, why the tears?"
Kaori: "I-I just felt so relieved when I saw your face, Chief! Wahh!"
Hatsumi: "It was a quiet night, wasn't it? Come now, pull it together. Fujisawa's staring at you."
Senpai's standing right behind me, having come back from morning care.
Nagisa: "Sawai, the night shift's not over yet. Leave your crying for later, okay?"
Senpai huffs her face off to the side and leaves without looking back. Senpai's right, too. The night shift isn't over yet, so I don't have any time to cry! I wipe my tears and bow to the Chief.
Kaori: "I'm sorry about that. I'll get back to work."
Hatsumi: "Please do."
8 AM. Breakfast comes up from the nutrition department via elevator, just a little late. The Chief is here early, so she joins with the early nursing assistants and the rest of the night staffers to bring breakfast to all the patients. And if we just help the patients eat, write up the remaining reports, and report to the morning shift nurses, the night shift will be complete! Senpai really helped me a lot tonight. I'll be on the night shift under her, um, supervision for a while, so I'll be making more trouble for her, but...I hope I don't stress her out too much. I've got to be able to stand on my own two feet quickly, so I can make things easier for her! I've just got to give it a little bit more!
====================scr00515.kgo====================
Hm...? Who's that...? It's so...so loud here...
???: "...i! Sawai?!"
That voice...S-Senpai...? When I tried to pull up my leaden body, my vision starts to spin.
Nagisa: "Sawai?! Sawai, are you there?"
Urgh...I feel like...vomiting...
Nagisa: "What's the matter? Did something happen?"
My vision rocks and shakes. I make it to the front door, but I end up sliding down onto the floor there.
Kaori: "Sen...pai..."
Nagisa: "Sawai?! You're there, right?"
Kaori: "...Yeah..."
Nagisa: "What's the matter? You're not the type to skip work without saying anything. Everyone's worried about you."
Kaori: "I...I can't do it..."
Nagisa: "Why not? What's wrong?"
Kaori: "I'm scared...I'm, I'm going to be killed..."
If I open this door, I'm going to die. Something scary is waiting for me on the other side of my door. Something that's trying to kill me...
Nagisa: "No one's going to kill you, don't worry. I'll protect you, Sawai."
I hear Senpai's gentle voice.
Nagisa: "There's no one out here but me, Sawai. There's no one here that'll hurt you."
But...
Kaori: "But I'll get killed if I open this door..."
Nagisa: "Don't be silly. I won't let anyone do that, okay? I'll protect you with all that I've got -- count on it."
Senpai's gentle voice soothes my heart. I feel something warm fill it, slowing down its fearful trembling.
Kaori: "Senpai...help me..."
Nagisa: "I'll help you, don't worry. I won't let anyone or anything hurt you."
I can feel Senpai on the other side of the door. Her presence is so warm, so powerful.
Nagisa: "Sawai, believe in me and open up? I'll protect you, Sawai. With everything I've got, I promise you..."
I slowly reach for the door. Then, the thought strikes me. This might be a trap. I can't open the door. The moment I open the door, they get me. But Senpai's calling me from the other side, and her voice is so gentle...
Nagisa: "I'll chase away anything that scares you, okay? So don't worry about a thing -- believe in me."
Kaori: "Sen...pai..."
I believe in her. I hold back the fear and worry that rules over my heart and slowly unlock the door.
Nagisa: "Sawai! Oh, thank goodness...!"
The moment I open the door, Senpai rushes in and hugs me as tight as she can.
Nagisa: "Yeesh! You have any idea how much you worried me, you dummy?! I was so scared something had happened to you...!"
Kaori: "Senpai...you're so warm..."
The door closes behind her. Senpai was inside, in front of it. There was nothing scary there. There was no one trying to kill me.
Nagisa: "See, there's nothing to worry about. You'll be okay if you just lock the door. No one'll come, and no one can even get in."
Kaori: "You're right..."
Nagisa: "But...hey, Sawai..."
Tears fill Senpai's eyes. She was so worried about me...
Nagisa: "Your face is so pale! Hey, lie down a little. Have you eaten?"
Senpai supports me as she takes me to my bed. But when she starts standing again, I hurriedly grab her arm.
Kaori: "No...Senpai, don't go...?"
Nagisa: "I'm not going anywhere...I'm just looking to get you something to eat, okay?"
I shake my head, my grip on her arm unmoving.
Kaori: "No...don't go..."
The bed creaks. With my hand still on her arm, Senpai sits down on my bed.
Nagisa: "Fine, fine. You sure want to be pampered today, don't you, Sawai?"
Her voice is so gentle. Please, just...let me indulge in being comforted, even if it's only for now...
Kaori: "I was just so scared...I really thought someone was going to kill me..."
Nagisa: "Someone? Who?"
Senpai gently touches my forehead. Then, she pets the top of my head. It feels wonderful...
Kaori: "He's going to kill me with his car. He's coming to kill me, laughing all the way..."
So, so soft... Her thin, slightly cold fingers gently stroke my forehead. Their chill cools down my face, hot with adrenaline and sleep deprivation.
Nagisa: "Well, I'll get rid of him for you."
Kaori: "...But you'll be in danger if you do that..."
Senpai just giggles at that.
Nagisa: "Don't worry, just leave it all to me! I'll protect you, Sawai, come hell or high water!"
Kaori: "Hell or high water...?"
I find myself giggling, and Senpai puts a finger to my cheek.
Nagisa: "There you go, Sawai. A smile really suits you. Because that's who you are."
Kaori: "Senpai..."
Nagisa: "I'll always be with you, and I'll always protect you."
She lets out a slight, soft smile.
Nagisa: "So don't worry about a thing and go to sleep. As long as I'm here, I won't let a soul lay a finger on you."
Senpai's fingers are so cold and nice...
Kaori: "Senpai..."
Nagisa: "Yes, Sawai?"
Kaori: "Always stay with me, okay?"
Nagisa: "I'll always be with you."
Kaori: "I want you to be closer."
Nagisa: "Closer?"
I nod and open my covers.
Kaori: "I want you next to me."
Nagisa: "You really want to be pampered today, don't you?"
Kaori: "Just for now...just for now, okay?"
Nagisa: "Sure, I'll sleep next to you. So don't worry, all right? Just rest."
Kaori: "I will."
With a bright smile, I open up half my bed. Senpai slides into the opening.
Kaori: "Senpai..."
Nagisa: "What is it?"
Kaori: "Thank you..."
Senpai tightly holds my head close to her. Her pink lips are close enough for my breath to fall onto.
Nagisa: "I don't need any thanks. I'm just doing what I want to. Because...I'm the only one who can protect you."
I push my forehead against her pursed, pink lips.
Kaori: "Sen...pai..."
With Senpai holding me, waves of relief wash over me. With Senpai next to me, this room is safe. With Senpai next to me, nothing scary will happen.
Nagisa: "Good night..."
I descend into the deep dark of sleep as I listen to her voice.
====================scr00516.kgo====================
I slowly open my eyes. My phone is ringing. But I don't want to answer it. I'll just leave it ringing... Okay, it stopped....There it goes again. It's ringing again... But I don't want to end up answering a silent call. I'll just keep letting it ring. Oh, it stopped....And there it goes again. Who could it be...? I look at the name on my phone's screen. A payphone. Let me not answer this. But it just keeps ringing. All right, I'll answer it and hang up right away. That should do the trick.
Kaori: "!"
It started ringing again! This person doesn't know when to quit! What should I do...? Is it from the hospital? Did someone call me from a payphone in the hospital? Okay, maybe I should answer the phone and hang up if it's a silent call.
Kaori: "...H-Hello...?"
???: "There you are! At least answer your phone!"
Kaori: "!!"
That...that voice! M-Miss Sakai?!
Kaori: "U-Um...Miss Saka--"
Sayuri: "Don't you Miss Sakai me! And what were you thinking, skipping out on work today?! Who do you think you are?!"
Sayuri: "You look like you've been studying, and I started to think better of you...*cough*! But that aside!"
Sayuri: "Quit acting like a child! What do you even take your job for?!"
Kaori: "U-Um...?"
Sayuri: "Go on, tell me! I'm listening!"
I'm caught completely flat-footed by her barrage. Yet......The fact that Miss Sakai's worried about me, the fact that I can feel her awkward kindness in her harsh words, fills my heart.
Kaori: "......"
...Maybe I can tell Miss Sakai. I know that a nurse really shouldn't talk about her personal life with a patient, but... Miss Sakai's calling me as a friend now, isn't she? So I can open up my heart to her as a friend, can't I?
Kaori: "I...someone's probably going to kill me..."
Sayuri: "...Someone's going to kill you? Hm. Go on."
She listens to me without laughing me off. I feel a bit relieved.
Kaori: "Um...well, I can't explain it too well, but back when I was in that car accident, someone was trying to run me over."
Kaori: "And lately, that person's been calling me and not saying anything...and..."
Sayuri: "So you skipped work because you were afraid?"
Kaori: "...Well, I've seen him a few times in the hospital, too..."
Sayuri: "......"
Sayuri: "Are you THAT stupid?!"
Kaori: "Heep?!"
She slices right into me. She's not having it.
Sayuri: "That accident that nearly killed you happened what, ten years ago?! How old are you?!"
Sayuri: "You're alive now, aren't you? You're not sick, are you? Then you should be able to put in the work to keep yourself alive!"
Sayuri: "First of all, if you're so worried, then talk to the police or your boss! You've talked to them, haven't you?!"
...... Er...I... Haven't talked to anyone about this......I hadn't even thought of it...
Sayuri: "...Well, I know you -- and I bet you haven't done a thing. I bet you hadn't even thought of it."
Kaori: "Erp!"
She sees right through me...
Sayuri: "...*Sigh* You really drop the ball when it comes to things like that, you know?"
Oof!
Sayuri: "...Listen to me."
Sayuri: "You're probably too much of a nice, upstanding citizen to know this, but making harassing phone calls is a crime."
Sayuri: "Calls that interfere with business operations? Those can be tried for obstruction of business."
Sayuri: "You're an individual, and since the calls have traumatized you, that counts and can be tried as bodily harm."
Kaori: "...Bodily harm..."
Sayuri: "If you gather up your documents and find this guy, you'll win if you bring him to court."
Sayuri: "So how about you speak with your Chief first, and get a diagnosis in writing?"
Sayuri: "Because if you start moving, then people around you will know you're taking action - then the harassment calls will stop."
Her words make my eyes shoot open.
Sayuri: "If we assume that the person who's trying to kill you is the same person who ran you over..."
Sayuri: "...then they've already been punished by the law, haven't they? They'll dip out, realizing it's not worth the risk."
Sayuri: "And if it's someone else, then the police and hospital staff would work together to prevent the crime before it happens."
Sayuri: "Anyone would turn tail and run when legal action is taken against them -- legal action that will end up with them in jail, most likely."
She's...right...! The person who tried to kill me with the car should've been in prison until now! And if he came out and started stalking me to get revenge, then......I should get the Chief and the rest of the hospital staff on my side to help stop him from committing another crime!
Kaori: "You're...you're right...! Thanks, Miss Sakai!"
Sayuri: "I didn't do anything you need to thank me for. This is basic knowledge for anyone living in the real world, isn't it?"
Sayuri: "And besides, being mean to you is my only pleasure in life. Don't take away the only joy I have in this boring hospital."
Boy, Miss Sakai sure has an acid tongue. Being mean to me is her only pleasure in life? Well...I do know that she doesn't mean that, though. Because I know that she's really nice. And when I think of that, I can't help but smile a little.
Kaori: "...Thank you, Miss Sakai."
Sayuri: "I told you I didn't do anything you need to thank me for."
Sayuri: "You don't listen to people, do you? Are your ears for decoration? Or is this a problem of your comprehension, not your hearing?"
Oof...she really doesn't let up... I mean, I know she doesn't mean it, but it still hurts...
Sayuri: "I broke it down so basically that even you could understand."
Sayuri: "So I would ask that you come to work tomorrow, even if you don't get it! That's your duty as an adult!"
She hung up. Still, her pep talk really cheered me up. She hit my pretty hard and damaged my pride, but...I was the one at fault.
Kaori: "Now, then..."
The first thing I need to do is call the ward, apologize to the Chief for skipping out, and explain what's going on. She might not forgive me, but it is what it is. I'll need to put my hours in, be good about work, and win her acknowledgement bit by bit. All I can do is make up for my mistakes myself!
====================scr00517.kgo====================
Hm...someone's here...? I don't feel like getting up, so I'll just ignore them...
???: "Hey! Sawai! Now, I know yer in there! How ‘bout up and openin’ this door, huh?!"
That voice, that's...Yamanouchi! Sh-She's banging on my door!
???: "Ya don't open this door up right quick, I'm gonna shove my foot through it!"
Huh?! From the sound of it...oh my gosh, she's not kidding! Is she ACTUALLY trying to kick the door down?! I slowly pull myself up and scramble to open the door.
Yasuko: "Saawwwaaiii! Ya think ya can just skip out on work when ya haven't right been here two months?! Ya got a lotta guts, I'll give ya that!"
Kaori: "...I'm sorry..."
I apologize, genuinely. She'd had on a look of pure rage a moment ago, but after hearing my words of apology, she pulls a 180 and looks worried for me.
Yasuko: "Hey, is it just me, or is your face real pale? Ya sure ya ain't real sick?"
Kaori: "......"
Sick...? I guess I might be. I don't even know that.
Yasuko: "Did somethin' happen? C'mon, talk to yer big sis."
Kaori: "Well..."
I hesitate for a bit, but decide to tell her. About the car accident I was in so many years ago. About how the driver has been showing up in the hospital lately. About how I get silent calls to my phone often.
Yasuko: "Hm."
Yamanouchi pulls out her phone.
Yasuko: "Hello? Ah, this is Yamanouchi, from internal medicine. Can you connect me to that ward?"
She's calling...the hospital? Oh, yeah...I skipped work, so she came to check up on me...
Yasuko: "Oh, Chief? It's Yamanouchi. I'm in Sawai's room right now, and she's just as sick as we thought."
Yasuko: "...Oh, about that. Sawai's got some serious issues with this stalker of hers, and her face is reeeaal pale."
Yamanouchi glances at me.
Yasuko: "The driver from her car accident back in the day, apparently. She says she's been getting silent phone calls, too. Poor gal looks like she's really at the end of her hope."
Yasuko: "Right. All right, got it. Yamanouchi, headin' back to base!"
Yamanouchi hangs up her phone and looks at me with her usual, mischievous smile.
Yasuko: "Well, ya heard it. Chief'll handle it. As fer you, you're gettin'a check-up in the outpatient ward. That's done, ya can head on home."
Kaori: "......?"
Yasuko: "Yer takin' a sick day today for said check-up. Good for you, Sawai! Yer record's sparklin' clean!"
I'm not sure what's going on, but... Does that mean I'm not getting punished for skipping work? Like Yamanouchi told me to, I went to the hospital and got myself examined. Nothing was out of the ordinary in my vitals. According to the doctor, I suffered from overwork. Working long and hard in a new, taxing job built up my fatigue, he said. When my check-up is done and I step out into the outpatient waiting room, I see that the Chief and Yamanouchi have come down to this floor.
Kaori: "Ch-Chief..."
I choke up midway. I'm so relieved to see those two familiar faces that tears come out.
Kaori: "I'm sorry...I'm really sorry for staying home and leaving you to make up for me."
Hatsumi: "Oh, that's fine -- no need to cry. You were in pain, weren't you?"
Kaori: "I-I was..."
Hatsumi: "No scary people are going to wander around you anymore, so don't worry about a thing."
Kaori: "What...?"
Hatsumi: "If you get any more harassing calls, you tell me. I'll take legal action."
Kaori: "Um...?"
I don't really understand, but...does this mean everything's been solved? It's not quite as...impactful as I'd expected.
Yasuko: "Well, ya heard ‘er. Everything’s gonna be right as rain now."
Yamanouchi pats me on the head, as usual. And that touch is all it takes to wipe out my fear. I was so scared, and so worried, but...
Hatsumi: "Now please, go home and rest."
Kaori: "I will...thank you very much."
Hatsumi: "But listen. Do speak to the head nurse or myself before you let yourself sink. What do you think your bosses are here for?"
Hatsumi: "And if you can't speak with your bosses, speak with someone you can. Understood?"
Yasuko: "Ain't a soul who'll turn ya down if you wanna talk about your troubles in the station. Was hopin' you'd rely on us a bit before you let yerself get wrecked like that."
Kaori: "...You're right. I'm sorry..."
I bow my head. I didn't know...I didn't know I didn't have to suffer alone... Realizing that fills me with relief from the bottom of my heart.
====================scr00518.kgo====================
Miss Sakai's verbal abuse has gotten much worse since the sterben of Mr. Shuseki two days ago.
Mayuki: "...It's okay. Don't let it get to you."
Kaori: "Right..."
Here I am again, letting Mayuki reassure my heart after it's been ravaged by Miss Sakai. I realize what I'm doing isn't right. It feels like I'm using Mayuki as an escape from my problems. But to be honest, I don't think my heart can hold out much longer without the healing she gives me.
Mayuki: "Aghh!!"
Kaori: "Mayuki?!"
It's one of her headaches again! I quickly grab her and hold her close, stroking her head as I pray for her headache to go away. I don't care if it's just the placebo effect. As long as it works... As long as Mayuki's headache gets a little better, it's fine by me.
Mayuki: "I-I'm okay now..."
Her voice is filled with pain.
Kaori: "Oh no you don't. Your head still hurts, doesn't it?"
My vision blurs a little.
Mayuki: "I can't take this anymore. Let go of me."
She smacks my hands away.
Kaori: "M-Mayuki?"
Mayuki: "I know I can't get away with an apology, but please forgive me."
Kaori: "What... You didn't do anything to apologize for."
I mean, my hands kind of sting from the slap, but I'm not hurt or anything.
Mayuki: "No, not about that."
Kaori: "Then what?"
Mayuki takes a deep breath after I give her a puzzled look.
Mayuki: "I know you don't believe in your healing hands, but what would you do if they were real?"
Kaori: "My healing hands?"
I think about it for a second. Unexpected even to myself, my answer comes to mind very quickly.
Kaori: "...I would be happy if they were real."
Mayuki: "Even if it meant you were giving some of your own life to every patient you touched?"
Giving my own life away? That means...
Kaori: "My healing hands make your headaches go away, don't they?"
Mayuki: "Yeah. It's unbelievable how quickly it fades."
Kaori: "Does it... I'm glad."
Mayuki: "What?"
Kaori: "I don't care if it's my healing hands. I'm still a newbie with no experience. I can barely give basic care properly."
Kaori: "If I can make my patients feel even just a little better with my touch, then I'd use my healing hands all the time."
Mayuki: "I'm using your healing hands unfairly, though. Doesn't that make you uncomfortable?"
Kaori: "Why would it? I mean, you help ease my pain, too, so..."
Mayuki: "I do?"
Seeing the surprise in her eyes makes her seem a little bit more like her age as opposed to the too mature for her own good Mayuki. I can't help but smile thinking about it.
Kaori: "Yeah. I feel so relieved when I talk to you. You seem to like me, so I feel accepted by a patient, finally."
Mayuki: "But I'm taking your life from you little by little."
Kaori: "That's fine by me. I wouldn't necessarily call it selfless devotion, but it's also not going to kill me. Take as much as you want."
Her expression suddenly darkens.
Mayuki: "...What would you do if it did kill you?"
She looks very serious. Yet I keep on smiling. Fine by me. Try not to take so much that it kills me.
Kaori: "Fine by me. Once I die, I'll realize the extent of what I could have done."
Mayuki: "......"
Mayuki's expression doesn't change a bit.
Mayuki: "That's no answer. I didn't know you were an idiot that couldn't grasp the weight of a situation."
Kaori: "Excuse me?"
Mayuki: "I hate talking to idiots. Get out."
Kaori: "...What...?!"
Mayuki is apparently really pissed off. And I'm the one who made her angry?!
Kaori: "I-I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that!"
Mayuki: "......"
No matter what I try to say to her, she completely ignores me, as if I'm not even there in the room with her. I silently get up and slowly make my way out of the room.
Kaori: "......"
Kaori: "I don't want to die, so I'd appreciate it if you didn't take all of the life I have left."
Mayuki: "...Are you being serious?"
Kaori: "Yeah, that's all I can do, isn't it?"
Kaori: "Knowing that I was of at least some help to you makes me happy."
Her eyes widen, then she drops her gaze to the floor.
Mayuki: "......"
Kaori: "What's wrong, Mayuki? Do you still have a headache?"
I look into her eyes. But she only shakes her head before looking back at me.
Mayuki: "...Oh, I guess I'll just have to do the right thing and make sure I don't kill you."
She turns to me with a mature smile, yet it looks like it could give way to tears any second. Now I get it. I finally realize that the reason I've been feeling dizzy when I stand up lately is because I'm giving a little bit of my life to Mayuki each time I heal her headache. That makes sense....I can't say it's something I believe right now, though.
Kaori: "Just don't take too much. It might make you sick."
She gives me a bored look, but then smiles.
Mayuki: "It was just a hypothetical question. Don't take it so seriously, idiot."
====================scr00519.kgo====================
I'm looking around the hospital ward for Ami because Senpai told me go and ask her how many times she's gone to the bathroom, but she wasn't in her room... I draw up some courage and go into Miss Sakai's room, but she isn't there, either. Hmm... Maybe she's...? Oh, it must be! I find her surrounded by children playing her forteleu. It looks like the children got to her. I think...the reason she was playing quietly was because of the children right near the forteleu. When it's played at a normal volume, it's loud enough to make your ears hurt. They say it can cause hearing loss if you're around loud noises when you're a child, so maybe she's being careful. That's good of Ami. I call out to her when the performance has calmed down.
Kaori: "Ami."
Ami: "Ah... Kaorin..."
Hiro: "Look out! It's the demon! Run!"
Komu: "Let's scram!"
The children shriek and run away as fast as they can. And what's this about a demon? I'm not a demon, you guys...
Kaori: "Hey, you don't have to run away..."
It's just too much of a shock and I let my thoughts slip out aloud. I look at Ami, who is startled. At first I think she's wearing a wry smile on her face, but her expression is darker than that. Even though she was performing surrounded by the kids like that... Maybe it wasn't fun for her?
Kaori: "Did something happen?"
I ask her gently.
Kaori: "Are you tired from keeping all the children occupied?"
Ami: "...My music's the harbinger of death."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Ami looks at me like she might burst out crying right now.
Ami: "It's my fault what happened to Mr. Shuseki! It's all my fault!"
Kaori: "What?"
Ami: "They all asked me to play, and I couldn't tell them no, so I played as quietly as I could, but... If something happens to them, I...!"
Ami: "Kaorin, Punish...punish me!! Please!"
Kaori: "W-Wait a second! I don't know what you're talking about!"
"......"
What in the world happened? She looks so depressed.
Kaori: "I don't know what's upset you, but the Chief said that Mr. Shuseki...was going to end up like that sooner or later."
Ami: "What?"
Kaori: "His liver was already past saving. All we could expect from a surgical procedure was to reduce the damage."
Kaori: "It would take a while to explain in detail, but the short of it is that in addition to the liver problem, his blood vessels weren't holding up. That's why he bled so much..."
Ami: "......"
Oh no, I made things even worse! I'm so stupid for reminding Ami about that horrific incident! She's still just a high schooler.
Kaori: "B-But I think that Mr. Shuseki knew what would happen to him. He laughed about it, saying it served him right."
Kaori: "But even then I think he still tried to his best to hang on for his family that would be left behind... Did you play for him?"
Ami: "...Yes."
Ami hesitantly nods her head.
Kaori: "Oh, you must have given him the courage to stay positive and do his best with your performance."
Ami: "...I don't think so..."
Kaori: "It's true. And just now the children looked like they were having so much fun, right? I came and got in the way, but..."
Ami: "......"
Kaori: "Actually, I wanted to listen together with all of the children...to you playing the forteleu."
Kaori: "It just has such a beautiful tone and it's so relaxing to listen to."
Ami: "Really...?"
Kaori: "Yeah, really! I wouldn't lie to you. I mean, I love hearing you play the forteleu."
Ami: "...Okay..."
She stares at me with happy tears in her eyes.
Kaori: "What happened to Mr. Shuseki happened. And you've got your own life, you know? They're totally different things."
Ami: "...I suppose so... A lot of different kinds of people come through a hospital."
Kaori: "That's right! So don't let it get to you! Okay?!"
I gently squeeze Ami's hand -- it's freezing.
Kaori: "Look now, your hand is so cold. The Chief will get mad if she finds out and scold you for putting yourself out in the cold!"
Kaori: "I'll go with you now, so let's head back to your room, okay?"
Ami: "...If I get yelled at, won't you get yelled at, too? "
Kaori: "Oh, well, there's no way around it. I'll just get yelled at with you!"
Ami: "......"
Hmm, Ami isn't responding. I can see Ami's expression is still dismal. Mr. Shuseki's death truly had a strong impact on her....The problem is... I think Ami might care too much about what those around her think. She's still a high schooler, so she shouldn't have to be so concerned about others. As we return to the ward I ask Ami the things Senpai asked me to and jot down notes.
====================scr00520.kgo====================
The bite Miss Sakai left on me this afternoon starts burning again as work ends. What do I do...? Should I get this checked out? But Yurigahama General is the only nearby hospital, and the Chief would definitely be around at this hour. Which means that she'll find out if I get it checked out here. And I don't even know what to tell the doctor when he asks where I got this bite.
Kaori: "Urgh..."
What should I do? Should I rub something on it? I was so focused on hiding it on the job that it didn't hurt, either...
Kaori: "Oh..."
Nagisa: "Hmph! You've got your guard down too much! At least lock the door!"
Kaori: "S-Senpai...!"
Nagisa: "Wh-What's up, Sawai? Why are you crying...?"
Kaori: "It hurts, it really hurts!"
Nagisa: "Huh?"
She looks at me suspiciously as she comes into my room. But when she sees the bite on my arm, she immediately drops the shopping bag in her hand and gently holds up my arm.
Nagisa: "Whoa, what's going on here?!"
Kaori: "I got bitten!"
Nagisa: "By who?!"
Kaori: "...W-Well..."
I can't say it was Miss Sakai...!
Nagisa: "It...it was her! It was her, wasn't it?!"
Kaori: "......"
I can't help but nod at Senpai's barrage.
Nagisa: "...She took advantage of how kind and flimsy you are... She's not getting away with this..."
...Senpai said something, but it was too quiet for me to hear. But that aside, the bite really hurts...!
Kaori: "Urgh..."
Nagisa: "Oh, no, it's inflamed already! Redness, heat, swelling, pain, and loss of function!"
Kaori: "What...?"
Nagisa: "The five classic signs of inflammation! Don't you remember them?!"
I-I'm in no condition to think about that...!
Nagisa: "First we have to disinfect it and cool it down. Do you have any disinfectant?"
Kaori: "N-No..."
Nagisa: "All right, got it. Just wait here a little!"
Kaori: "Senpai...?"
I sniff.
Nagisa: "Sorry for the wait!"
Senpai's breathing is labored now.
Nagisa: "It'll sting a little...sorry, okay?"
She'd gone all the way back to her room to get disinfectant for me... That kindness soothes my worried heart.
Kaori: "Ah...!"
Nagisa: "I'm sorry...it must hurt, huh...?"
Kaori: "I-I'm fine..."
Nagisa: "Next, I'll just put ointment on the inner side of the gauze..."
She squeezes out ointment onto the gauze from a tube and rubs the gauzes together to spread them.
Nagisa: "This will let the wound heal."
She sticks the gauze over my bitemark. Then, she fastens it with tape and she's done....Or so I thought. She puts a cooling agent used for cake from the freezer onto the gauze.
Kaori: "......?"
Nagisa: "You cool down the inflamed place, and when the inflamation lifts, you warm it up. Those are the basics."
Kaori: "...Thank you."
Nagisa: "I think it'll hurt for a while...and you should stay out of the bath today."
Kaori: "...All right."
Thanks to Senpai's first aid, the pain has gone down a lot.
Nagisa: "But this means you can't have alcohol, huh... Aww, and I was looking forward to drinking with you, too!"
I feel guilty about how disappointed she sounds.
Kaori: "I'm sorry...it's because I wasn't careful..."
Nagisa: "It's not your fault, Sawai! No...it's hers..."
Kaori: "S-Senpai, she's still a patient, so..."
Nagisa: "Well, that doesn't mean she can do whatever she wants, right?"
Nagisa: "...If she actually becomes a nurse, I'm going to go to where she works, and...*giggle*..."
Kaori: "S-Senpai?"
Nagisa: "Hey, I'm just kidding! C'mon, Sawai, you really think I'd throw my life away just to get back at her? No way!"
Kaori: "N-No, not exactly, but..."
For some reason, I feel kind of worried...
Nagisa: "I finally got to work with you! Why would I throw everything away for that moron?"
She cheerfully laughs it off, and I feel better for it.
Nagisa: "Ignoring her...Sawai, since you can't take a bath today, want me to wipe you down?"
Kaori: "Hwah?! I-I couldn't make you clean me up after the first aid you gave me -- that would be too much!"
Nagisa: "Hey, c'mon, we're pals, aren't we? You don't need to worry about it!"
Kaori: "That's not what I'm worried about, it's just...if I lean on you so much, I'll probably hate myself! And I don't want that!"
Nagisa: "...Oh, Sawai -- getting all serious about the weirdest things! You know I'd let you lean on me all you wanted!"
Kaori: "I've leaned on you enough already. Thank you very much."
I brightly smile at her, but she lets out a bit of a grimaced smile.
Nagisa: "Hmph, I always lose to that side of you, Sawai."
Kaori: "Wait, I'm winning?"
Nagisa: "Yeah. That's why I'm respecting your wishes and don't really speak up, you know?"
I'm sure that Senpai would pamper me as much as I wanted her to. But...I can't do that. If I'm going to be a self-reliant adult, I'm going to need to be able to let her lean on me, too.
Kaori: "How about you lean on me a bit, Senpai? I'll pamper you as much as you like."
Nagisa: "......"
Senpai looks pretty blown away...
Nagisa: "Me? Lean on you? You got a loooooong way to go before you can say that!"
She pinches my cheek hard.
Kaori: "Owie! Owwwie! S-Sorry!"
When I howl, she lets me go.
Nagisa: "I'm glad you understand."
With a big smile, she softly strokes my stinging cheek.
Nagisa: "Hmph! You're such a big silly, Sawai. You really don't need to stretch yourself like that. Just...stay you..."
I gently put my hand over hers.
Kaori: "...Senpai..."
I can feel Senpai's gentle soul through the warmth of her palm.
====================scr00598.kgo====================
I couldn't get to sleep after I left Mayuki's room like that yesterday. It's not that I couldn't use circumstantial judgment. I just wanted to let her know that I would willingly give my life for her. So, I head in to work a little early today and go straight to Mayuki's room.
Kaori: "Mayuki, it's me, Kaori. May I come in?"
There's no answer.
Kaori: "Sorry, but I'm coming in."
Kaori: "Wh-What...?!"
Mayuki's door seems to be locked, and it won't budge.
Kaori: "Mayuki?! Mayuki?!"
No matter how many times I knock, there's no answer.
Kaori: "Mayuki, please! Can't you hear me?!"
Someone reaches out from behind me and stops my hand from knocking again.
Hatsumi: "Isn't that enough? Not only are you disturbing Miss Wakamoto, but you're disturbing other patients, too."
Kaori: "Ch-Chief..."
Hatsumi: "Miss Wakamoto asked me not to let you near her room anymore."
Kaori: "B-But...!"
Hatsumi: "I distinctly remember telling you that patient was a very hard one to deal with."
Kaori: "......"
Last night after I got home, I thought over and over about the conversation I had with Mayuki. What if I were to die from using my healing hands? What was so bad about me saying that's okay with me?
Hatsumi: "You angered her without even noticing it. It's not all your fault, though."
Hatsumi: "I share the blame for even letting you go to her room in the first place."
Hatsumi: "So, although I won't blame you, I will say this. Some patients take offense when people say heavy things...lightly."
Say heavy things lightly...? Maybe I was doing that. I can understand now how what I said yesterday, to a patient who hasn't even been promised tomorrow, could be so offensive.
Kaori: "I'm... I'm sorry... I'm so sorry, Mayuki!"
Hatsumi: "Let's go, Sawai. Miss Wakamoto isn't the only patient around, is she? You can't stick around one patient all day now."
Hatsumi: "First off... She isn't the type of person that will lend her ear again to someone who disappointed her so badly once before."
The Chief's words add a huge weight to my heart.
Hatsumi: "You were using Miss Wakamoto as an escape from Miss Sakai. That's not a very admirable action in the first place."
Kaori: "!!"
It's so shameful to have someone see just how weak you really are. I clench my fists, trying to endure the feeling.
Hatsumi: "Admit it. You made a mistake. Make sure you use your experience to better treat other patients."
Harsh, yet kind words. Hearing them makes me feel like I can do my best now. I have to make sure I don't do anything to disappoint my patients like that ever again!
====================scr00601.kgo====================
I'm having a dream.               I'm having a dream.               A scary dream.         It always starts         with the sound of a car horn         and emergency breaks.            Today's no exception.         Then,         a truck rolls out         and hits me.     ...I've been hit by a truck...        ...Are these my body's memories?   Is this a memory of the past that every cell of my body   remembers? The pain of the accident?              And then...              A comfortable place.      This is probably      a near death experience.     If there is an afterlife, anyway.        Then, a voice speaks to me.              "You must live."
       "You must live the life         she couldn't."
         I must be gravely injured         and on death's door right now.         If I wasn't, they wouldn't be calling out         to me so desperately.        If I had an older sister,        I bet she'd be like this...         "Open your eyes.          I won't let you die."
    This voice, with its perfect balance     of kindness and strictness....I want to listen to it some more, to let it caress me...           "Kaori... Please,            don't die..."
          Oh no,           I made you cry...            "I'm sorry,             ***..."
            I find my lips moving.        But I couldn't hear        the most important part.            I don't know her name.        I'm sorry.        I should know it,        but I don't know your name.      It was my voice,      they were my words,      but I don't even know the name I spoke...        That lack of understanding leads to worry.           ...Hey,           who are you two...?
Kaori: "...Ah..."
I slowly open my eyes. I'm in a dark room. Is this...the continuation of the dream? I slowly pick myself up. As my eyes grow accustomed to the darkness, I realize I'm in my room.
Kaori: "Ah! What time is it?!"
I pick up the alarm near my pillow.
Kaori: "It's 6:05?!"
The needles on the clock throw me into confusion. Six...is that six in the morning? Or six in the evening?! What shift am I on today?! I-I've got to calm down... Let me just take some deep breaths...
Kaori: "......"
I know! My phone! I'll figure it out if I look at my phone. I turn on the lights and rummage through my bag.
Kaori: "...Err."
When I check its screen...
Kaori: "June 17th, 6:07 PM... Evening, huh..."
Kaori: "Wait, evening?!"
I fall into confusion for a moment. The horror of the idea that I slept through a day shift and woke up in the evening freezes me for a bit. But I calm down and take a look at the shift list.
Kaori: "Er...Kaori Sawai...the 17th...‘O’...?"
Relief. Now I remember...I finished a night shift and came back in the afternoon. My first night shift was pretty tough... Things moved along so quickly, and Senpai helped me out so much, and when I saw the Chief in the morning, I ended up crying... Whoa...that's REALLY embarrassing to remember...!
Kaori: "Urgh..."
I get under the covers again. I don't have any work today, so I can afford to go back to sleep. As I try to drift off, I take a glance at my phone to see I've got a message.
Nagisa: "Good job on your first night shift! I'm sure it was a lot to take in, but get used to it bit by bit!"
Senpai... I made a lot of trouble for her, but I made it through my first night shift because she was with me. I've got to write her a reply.
Kaori: "Okay...‘Thanks so much for helping me on my first night shift! I couldn't have done it without you, Senpai!’"
Kaori: "‘It's really reassuring to hear you tell me to take it bit by bit. Thank you so much!’...There we go."
Kaori: "And send! W-Wait, is Senpai asleep...?"
I hope her phone beeping from my message doesn't wake her up...
====================scr00602.kgo====================
Kaori: "Put the used diapers in the diaper bucket in the bathroom..."
Kaori: "Then put these used rubber gloves in the inflammables bucket next to the diaper bucket..."
Kaori: "And now it's time for reports!"
Kaori: "I'm back!"
Hatsumi: "......"
Huh? The Chief's got on a bit of a frown. I wonder if something happened? Well, that aside, time to take care of these reports!
Hatsumi: "...Sawai, wash your hands."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Hatsumi: "I don't know what you were doing, but you have glove powder on your hands."
Oh...come to think of it, I hadn't washed my hands...
Hatsumi: "It's nursing 101 to wash your hands after treating or touching patients to prevent infections. You think you can take responsibility if an infection spreads throughout the ward?"
Kaori: "I-I'm sorry."
I rush to wash my hands. I helped out with a diaper change since I had already been there on a call, but the patient could move mostly by himself, so all I did was dispose of the soiled diaper. So my hands weren't dirty, and I probably unconsciously figured I didn't have to wash them......but I've got to be good about washing them up, don't I? I've never experienced one, but I hear hospital infections can be really brutal once they get going. Which means a nurse seriously can't afford to cause one of them! Oh! The nurse call's ringing! Hold on, let me wipe my hands down first...huh?
Hatsumi: "Yes? ...I'll be right there."
The Chief answered the nurse call... I'm new and can't do much, so I wanted to at least take all the calls...
Hatsumi: "Sawai, that was from Miss Sakai."
Kaori: "Oh! Well, it's almost time to change her IV bottle, so I'll do that while I'm there!"
Hatsumi: "Oh, you don't need to worry about that. I'm going to her room, you stay here."
Kaori: "Er, what?"
Hatsumi: "You have reports to write, don't you? Get back to them."
Kaori: "Oh... R-Right."
I'm not really sure what's going on, but I'm glad the Chief will go for me. I can let her handle it, right? This is the Chief we're talking about, so the chances of trouble are a lot less than if I'd gone. Which isn't to say that it's nothing but trouble if I go myself! ...Urgh, why am I depressing myself like this...?
Hatsumi: "...*Sigh*"
Oh, the Chief's back. She's still got that downcast look on her face. I wonder what's wrong?
Yasuko: "Hey y'all, I'm back! Whoa, Chief, what's with the long face? Keep makin' that face and you'll be lookin' like a granny before long!"
Hatsumi: "......"
Yasuko: "Oof, scary, scary."
Yasuko: "All right y'all, the Chief's real perturbed-like, so day shifters, assemble!"
Kaori: "......?"
Why are the day shifters assembling, again? And I'm a little curious about how awfully...close they seem... I mean, Yamanouchi figured out what the Chief wanted just by looking at her expression and got the day shift nurses together.
Hatsumi: "...I've brought you all together so that I could inform you all at once about Miss Sakai."
Hatsumi: "I'm sure you can tell by looking at the data, but her condition isn't as good as we would've hoped."
Her condition? Does she mean that the treatment of her aplastic anemia isn't going as well as we'd expected?
Hatsumi: "We're putting her through anabolic steroid treatment, and though her red blood cell count has increased slightly, it hasn't been as much as we'd hoped."
So, aplastic anemia is a disease where your bone marrow's ability to create blood is reduced. To counteract that, anabolic steroid treatment employs the use of steroids to promote bone marrow to increase red blood cells.
Hatsumi: "In the event that this treatment does not work out, we'll need to go with immunosuppressive therapy or a bone marrow transplant. "
Hatsumi: "Unfortunately, we don't have the equipment for either in this hospital."
Hatsumi: "We still have time until we move onto the next stage, but I just spoke with the patient."
......! Ohh! That's why the Chief went to change Miss Sakai's IV bottle instead of me! She wanted to talk to her!
Hatsumi: "Miss Sakai has requested we be frank with her about her condition since she was admitted, but...she was about as shocked as you'd expect her to be."
Hatsumi: "I expect her to be on edge as time goes by, so I'd like everyone on board in calming her down."
Yasuko: "...Of course she'd be on edge. What were ya thinkin', Chief...?"
Hatsumi: "Especially you, Sawai. Make sure you don't bite back at her when she gets her claws out -- we don't want to excite her any more than we have to."
Kaori: "Y-Yes ma'am, I'll be careful!"
She gave me a warning...by name... I've really got to make sure I'm on my guard, then. I can't make any careless moves. It's about time to change Miss Sakai's IV bottle. I pick up a prepared bottle from the work bench. Miss Sakai...what's on your mind as you lay in your room, all alone? Should I speak to you...? ...... I try to think about it, but I can't come to a conclusion. But I know that I'm not wrong to be worried about her.
Kaori: "......"
...If only she'd understand that I care...
Sayuri: "...Come in."
Kaori: "...All right."
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai is quietly reading a book in bed.
Kaori: "...I-I'll switch your IV bottle."
Sayuri: "Go right ahead."
Kaori: "......"
What should I do? Talk to her about something? Or just keep quiet, change her bottle, and get going? ...I can't make up my mind.
Sayuri: "...Heh."
Huh?
Sayuri: "You're too nervous. You're like a frozen frame."
Kaori: "O-Oh, w-well..."
I look at Miss Sakai to see her looking at me, book closed. With a bit of a grimace on. I've never seen her make that face...
Sayuri: "I hear my next choice is immunosuppression therapy or a bone marrow transplant. A bothersome choice, wouldn't you say?"
A bother...? ...You know, I can see that. If I were Miss Sakai... If I were Miss Sakai and had to suffer complication after complication, I'd probably think all this treatment was annoying, even though my life was on the line.
Sayuri: "...I thought I knew how difficult treating this disease was, and I was ready for this to happen, but..."
Sayuri: "Seeing the reality pushed in front of me like this...sure is a shock."
Kaori: "Miss Sakai..."
What should I say to her? How can I lighten her mood? What can I do for her?
Sayuri: "...I bet you think it serves me right."
Kaori: "What?"
Sayuri: "Lucky you. The person who's mean to you every day is about to disappear. Don't you feel like celebrating?"
...... It takes me a while to realize what she just said to me. But the moment I comprehend it, I feel her words stab deep into my heart.
Kaori: "Why? Why?!"
Before I know it, I slam the empty IV bottle I've just switched out onto Miss Sakai's bed.
Kaori: "Why...?! Why would you...?!"
My chest burns. My chest, my heart, it hurts so much I can't breathe...
Kaori: "Why would you say such a thing?! Why can't you care about yourself more?!"
My heart burns and aches when I see Miss Sakai putting on a tough act, so I hug her tight.
Sayuri: "?!"
Kaori: "Did I ever say I hated you?! No, not even once!"
Kaori: "Because I don't hate you! I mean, I don't know about you, but I don't hate you!"
Tears start coming out.
Sayuri: "H-Hey...let, let go..."
She squirms in my grasp. But I'm not going to let go of her! Never!
Kaori: "I don't want you to disappear, Miss Sakai!"
Kaori: "I'd be fine if you got better and got discharged, but I don't want you to go away because you get worse!"
Sayuri: "Wh-What are you...? This is a hospital! People die here all the time!"
Kaori: "I know that! But I don't like it!"
Kaori: "Is there anything I can do? Is there anything at all I can do for you?"
Sayuri: "......"
Her cheeks go red.
Sayuri: "...Well, you could let go, for starters. I can hardly breathe."
Kaori: "!!"
That's when I realize just how tightly I'm holding Miss Sakai. I quickly pull my arms off of her.
Sayuri: "Next, you can...stop crying."
Sayuri: "You can cry all you want when I'm being mean to you, but when you pretend to be all nice and cry...well, I don't like it."
She softly pushes me away.
Kaori: "I'm not...not pretending to be nice..."
I let her thin arms push me away and whisper that. Miss Sakai hasn't changed. But I have the feeling I can see a hint of her true self under her desperate strong front. With her face still turned away, she lowers her gaze.
Sayuri: "...You're such a cruel person."
Kaori: "What?"
I couldn't hear what she said. When I look at her with questioning eyes, she squirms about a bit uncomfortably, then looks at me with a sigh....With that slightly mean look she always has.
Sayuri: "I can't believe you'd tell me to live, knowing what I'm ill with."
Sayuri: "With a body like this, I'd be better off dead...and you're telling me to live? You really are cruel."
Kaori: "......"
I gulp. Cruel? Am I cruel? I bite my lips and gaze at Miss Sakai....... You know, she might be right. But. But still.
Kaori: "...I want you to live. I really do."
Kaori: "No matter how painful the treatment is...if there's a chance you'll get better, I want you to take it. I want you to survive."
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai closes the book on her lap and lies down in bed, turning her back to me.
Sayuri: "Hypocrite."
Kaori: "......"
Her word presses down hard on my heart. She didn't seem like she would say anything more to me, so I bowed my head and left the room. A hypocrite, huh...? I have to write my report, but...
Kaori: "......"
I can't move my pen an inch.        "...You're such a cruel person."
I hear Miss Sakai's words in my mind over and over again.        "I can't believe you'd tell me to live,         knowing what I'm ill with."
   "With a body like this, I'd be better off dead...and you're    telling me to live? You really are cruel."
               "Hypocrite."
She's probably right. I might be a hypocrite. I don't know what I should do for her. I don't even know what I can do. Still...I don't want to think about her disappearing. Even if it's part of the job, I don't even want to consider it.
Kaori: "......"
I let out a sigh. Then, someone puts a paper cup in front of me. It's a urine sample cup. There's a liquid that appears to be a thin yellow or green inside, steaming away.
Hatsumi: "A bit of refreshment might be what you need to write your report."
The urine sample cup is filled with...tea?
Kaori: "......"
I'm glad the Chief is being so considerate. But...
Kaori: "It's a little strange having tea in one of these cups, isn't it?"
My mind knows that it's tea, but judging from how it looks, I hesitate to pick it up...
Hatsumi: "...The longer you're a nurse, the less you care about those kinds of things."
She's all smiles. And I can't help smiling a little, too.
Kaori: "......"
The Chief has to know. She has to know the answer to my troubles.
Kaori: "Say, Chief..."
Hatsumi: "What is it?"
Kaori: "Am I...a hypocrite?"
The Chief looks at me with a bit of surprise.
Hatsumi: "...Did Miss Sakai tell you that?"
With pen still in hand, I just nod without reaching for my tea.
Hatsumi: "...I see. Well, to her, you might just look like a hypocrite."
Kaori: "......"
Hatsumi: "But she probably just wanted to call you a hypocrite. That might be all there is to it."
Kaori: "...Huh?"
The slightly different nuance rings a bell in the back of my mind. That sparks an idea that gradually takes form....Come to think of it. Miss Sakai just might not actually think I'm a hypocrite. It might just be that by calling me a hypocrite, by making me the villain, she put her mind at ease. Though whatever her reason, the reality is still that she called me a hypocrite. But the reality is also that I don't know what she's actually thinking. Because if there's anything Miss Sakai isn't, it's straightforward. Do I just not want to understand her enough?
Kaori: "Chief...is there anything I can do for Miss Sakai?"
Hatsumi: "......"
She smiles a little. And then.
Kaori: "Owie!"
She actually flicked my forehead?!
Hatsumi: "I picked this up from Fujisawa. You know, flicking foreheads is surprisingly useful for teaching newbies."
Kaori: "Ch-Chief..."
...Ow, my forehead hurts...
Hatsumi: "You can't try to cheat like that."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Hatsumi: "You need to think about your answer as hard as you can. You need to wrack your mind over it."
Hatsumi: "Because an answer you hear from someone else won't be your answer."
Kaori: "......"
That seems to be the end of the conversation, and the Chief sits at her desk. She pulls out a paper and starts writing as usual.
Kaori: "......"
An answer I hear from someone else wouldn't be my answer......... I think I understand what the Chief wanted to say. I turn back to my report. It's still completely blank.
Hatsumi: "...Don't think about what you do can for your patient. Think about what you want to do, and what you want to become."
Kaori: "What?"
I look up when I hear the Chief's words. The Chief is writing up her papers, of course. I watch her back, its silence seeming to say I'd imagined what she just said.
Kaori: "......"
What do I want to do? What do I want to become? ...What DO I want to become...? Even back in my room, I just don't get it. I pull out the notebook I'd put together about aplastic anemia and give it another read. Anabolic steroid treatment didn't have much of an effect on Miss Sakai. Meaning her next choice is either immunosuppressive therapy, or a bone marrow transplant. Immunosuppressive therapy's survival rate has increased, but leaves damage in the bone marrow. Though the patient will be able to live longer, that leads to more complications. They'll be vulnerable to bone marrow disease and leukemia. Which means that performing the treatment on a young patient will put them at greater risk of coming down with another disease when they grow older. That's why when anabolic steroid treatment fails a young person with aplastic anemia, the first choice for their next step is a bone marrow transplant, rather than immunosuppressive therapy. The problem is...
Kaori: "Bone marrow transplants sure are tough..."
When I mumble that, the realization hits me. The biggest issue with bone marrow transplants is the dearth of donors. Which means that...!
Kaori: "I-I!!"
Bone marrow donation...! I quickly flip through my notebook. I studied about bone marrow transplants with the Chief!
Kaori: "Here it is!"
I knew it! If a person has the same HLA type -- white blood cell type -- as the patient, they can donate bone marrow!
Kaori: "...But..."
Even if I registered as a donor, if my HLA doesn't match with Miss Sakai's, I can't offer my marrow. And if my HLA matches with someone else who's in trouble, I can give them my marrow. I don't have to give it up, but the person who ends up rejected will have to grapple with crushing disappointment as they wait for the next HLA match. And if I end up donating my marrow to Miss Sakai or anyone else, I'll end up taking a week off of work.
Kaori: "......"
What do I do...? Should I register as a donor? Don't register as a donor. Register as a donor.
Kaori: "......"
I shouldn't. Even if I did register, I'm not related to her, and the chances that our HLA types will be compatible are slim. And if I end up compatible with someone I don't know... I'd have to take a week off of work -- a high risk to a new nurse like me....I won't do it. I'll look for something else that I can do for her.
Kaori: "......"
My heart thumps. I've got to calm down...! I haven't figured out if I can even donate my marrow to Miss Sakai yet. And there's not much a novice nurse like myself can do, anyway! So I want to do what I can. And if my bone marrow ends up useful to someone, I'm fine with that. And even if it isn't useful to anyone...that's fine, too. I'm sure Miss Sakai will say I'm just doing this to satisfy myself, but I want to register as a donor. And I'm fine with that.
Kaori: "Wait...how do you register as a donor, again?"
I flip through a few pages of my notebook, but that isn't written anywhere. And I don't actually have any memory of writing it.
Kaori: "All right, I'll ask the Chief!"
When in doubt, ask the Chief! I'm sure she'll give me a bit of a look, but I know she'll understand!
====================scr00603.kgo====================
Kaori: "...Heh."
There's a little adhesive strip on my inner elbow. It's a mark of honor I'm proud of.
Kaori: "...I actually registered as a donor."
Last night, I wasted no time in calling the Chief after I'd decided to become a donor. The Chief sounded surprised, but she went out of her way to look it up and call me back. Luckily, the blood donation center in Kanakura also took marrow donor registrations. Wanting to get things done as soon as possible, I registered today, since it's my day off! After I filled out a form in the blood donation center, they took a bit of a blood sample. Only two milliliters! I couldn't believe it was so little! I'm a little underwhelmed, but I finished my registration and I guess I'll head home. Oh! But before that...!
Kaori: "*Giggle*..."
I get back to my room and put my stuff down. Then, I check tomorrow's shift sheet....... Oh, I'm on the day shift tomorrow. I'd better make sure I don't oversleep! I check the time to see it's already seven.
Kaori: "Now, then..."
I think it's about time. I go out into the hall with my paper bag.
Kaori: "*Giggle*..."
I wonder if she'll like it?
???: "Coming."
The Chief looks surprised to see me when she opens the door. Phew, I'm glad she wasn't on overtime today.
Hatsumi: "What brings you here? Is there something you need to know?"
Kaori: "Oh, no, it's not that..."
I offer her the paper bag.
Kaori: "I made a promise to you a while back, remember?"
Hatsumi: "A promise...?"
Kaori: "To buy you some tasty bread the next time I went to Kanakura."
Hatsumi: "Ah...!"
It looks like she remembered. The slight confusion on her face transforms into joy as she smiles.
Hatsumi: "That wasn't even a real promise, you didn't have to keep it..."
Kaori: "Nope, a promise is a promise!"
Hatsumi: "You went out of your way to buy this? Why, thank you."
Kaori: "I didn't just go to Kanakura to buy bread today, you know."
The Chief's eyes go wide.
Hatsumi: "Do...do you mean to tell me you registered as a donor?!"
Kaori: "I did! You really need to take care of these things quickly, you know?"
*Giggle* She's so surprised! And of course she would be. I didn't think I had it in me to act this fast, either.
Kaori: "Anyway, enjoy your bread, Chief!"
Right when I turn around to leave, though, she grabs my arm.
Kaori: "Um...Chief?"
Hatsumi: "I-It won't be too tasty alone. How about...we have it together?"
Her cheeks are rosy.
Kaori: "Er...um..."
It's such a rare expression. So even the Chief can make face like this... When I consider that I might've gotten her blushing like that, well...I can't help but smile a bit to myself.
Kaori: "Of course, I'd love to!"
The Chief's room. It's filled with random piles of stuff, as usual. I feel like it hasn't changed much since I cleaned it a while back. But at least it hasn't gotten worse..........Yeah, let's look on the bright side...
Hatsumi: "Come on in."
She comes out from the back with a cup in her hands. It emits the gentle scent of tea. But I can't let myself be fooled! That awfully...stimulating taste revives itself on my tongue. But I can't just not drink it. Not when she's offering it to me like this. I take a deep breath, quiet so that she can't hear it, and timidly bring the cup to my mouth.
Kaori: "...Brk..."
It delivers a numbing sting to my tongue. This isn't something I can take a gulp of... No, this is venom in the guise of tea! I'll die if I drink it!
Kaori: "...Chief...what is this?"
Hatsumi: "Er...tea?"
She tilts her head with a smile. The way she cutely puts it in question form puts me at a bit of a loss.
Kaori: "Er...Chief, would you happen to...know how to make tea?"
Hatsumi: "How to make tea...? You just put tea leaves in a teapot and pour hot water in, right?"
I can't believe my ears. A teapot?!
Kaori: "Chief, you're not making green tea. This is black tea we're talking about! Why are you using a Japanese teapot?!"
Hatsumi: "Well, isn't tea all the same? Just with different colors."
Wait, that's how she sees it?
Kaori: "I-If you're going to make black tea, you really want to use a specialized kettle for that."
Hatsumi: "Well, a poor workman blames his tools, they say."
Kaori: "Th-That doesn't apply here!"
It really doesn't! And the Chief isn't even using her tools properly! She's got this totally wrong!
Kaori: "Um...would you mind showing me said teapot?"
Hatsumi: "...? Ah, sure?"
I head for the Chief's kitchen. Her teapot is small, just large enough to for make tea for one. I muster up my courage and open the lid.
Kaori: "!!"
I snap back. About half the teapot is occupied by thin, engorged tea leaves that are pitch black!
Kaori: "Chief! Chief!! These tea leaves! How many did you put in here?!"
Hatsumi: "How many...? Why, about half of the can..."
Kaori: "That's far too many!"
So that's why it tasted so strong! And these are broken leaves, too! The type you want to extract really quickly!
Kaori: "Urgh..."
I'm starting to feel dizzy... Am I going to have to drink this kind of unhealthy tea every time I come here? This waste of perfectly good tea leaves? I just can't endure that! I've got to teach her how to make good black tea -- for the sake of my future self, too! But there's no guarantee that she'll understand me if I just go on about the intricacies of tea brewing... And come to think of it, is she just bad at housework in general? Or...a better way to put it would probably be that she could pull it off, but she's just not interested in it at all...
Kaori: "Um...w-well, putting it really simply, you only need about three grams of tea leaves for tea for one."
Hatsumi: "That's all it takes?"
Kaori: "Green tea and black tea are different."
Kaori: "Next, you want to boil it for about two to three minutes. Depending on the tea, you wait about five minutes before pouring it, but..."
Kaori: "...these leaves have been made thin to cut down on the time needed, so you can drink after waiting about a minute or two."
I take a glance at the Chief to see that her face is completely pale.
Kaori: "Er...Chief...?"
Hatsumi: "...So my way of making tea was all wrong..."
Oh no, I made her all depressed! I've got to cheer her up, somehow...!
Kaori: "W-Well...I'll go ahead and make us some new tea! Feel free to just stay there and watch."
When I'm about to pick up the teapot to wash it off, the Chief cries out.
Hatsumi: "Ah!"
I freeze.
Kaori: "Wh-What's wrong?"
Hatsumi: "Are you going to throw those tea leaves away?!"
Kaori: "...Well, I have to. These can't be used anymore."
Hatsumi: "......"
She looks like she wants to say something....I don't really know what she's on about, so I'll keep going.
Kaori: "Er...now, about the amount of tea leaves you'll want to use... Since the teapot is pretty small, we'll use about three grams."
Hatsumi: "For two people?"
Kaori: "Well...if the pot were bigger, we could put in more."
Kaori: "But when the pot is small, you can't put in that much hot water, which means you don't want that many tea leaves in there."
Kaori: "And if you want extra, you just need to make another batch."
Hatsumi: "......"
She looks a little dissatisfied with that....Hm. I wonder what's eating her?
Hatsumi: "......"
She's looking hard at the tea leaves I'm straining over the sink... She looks at them like you'd look at someone throwing away a perfectly good cake...and that's when it hits me....The Chief REALLY hates throwing things away. She's probably the type who thinks it would be a waste to throw anything out....And that's a little cute. Though it's probably a little weird to call a woman older than me cute, especially one who's so competent on the job.
Kaori: "...Then, you put hot water into the pot. We'll move it around a bit, so you don't want to put in too much."
Hatsumi: "Because it'll spill?"
Kaori: "Right. You want to make the tea leaves jump a little in the water."
Kaori: "Then, if you give the pot a bit of a jiggle before you pour it into your cup, it'll taste even better."
Hatsumi: "I...I see..."
That's when I notice that the Chief is jotting down notes....This really isn't something to take notes on.
Kaori: "Let's let it wait for a minute and a half."
Hatsumi: "A minute and a half."
Kaori: "Now, what kind of tea do you like?"
Hatsumi: "What do you mean by that?"
Kaori: "If your like you tea strong or more subtle...oh, and the flavor, too..."
The Chief looks like she takes a moment to think. Even the Chief's little movements seem different when she doesn't have her nurse's uniform on.
Hatsumi: "...I'll drink anything."
Kaori: "......"
I shouldn't have asked. She really doesn't care about this kind of stuff at all...
Kaori: "It's been about a minute. So, you turn the teapot in a big circle and make sure the tea leaves have a bit of a swim in the water..."
Hatsumi: "Right, right."
Kaori: "Then, pour just a bit into the cup. Would you taste it for me?"
Hatsumi: "...Say, this is good!"
Kaori: "Then we'll pour in the whole thing! If you feel like the flavor's a little weak, you can boil it for a bit longer."
Hatsumi: "I see..."
She's still jotting this down....Well, at the end of the day, as long as she doesn't serve me any more of that fatal tea... We enjoyed our tea and bread. I left since it had gotten a bit late, but...
Kaori: "Oops!"
Oh, no... I can't eat the dinner I bought after that tea and bread...!
====================scr00604.kgo====================
Kaori: "I'm back."
Miss Sakai has a visitor. A pretty woman in her forties. Her hawkish features jump out at me at first, but then I notice the resemblance to Miss Sakai. I wonder if she's Miss Sakai's mother? I shouldn't impose on a precious parent-child moment. I show the visitor to Miss Sakai's room, then circle back to the nurses station. I wonder what Miss Sakai and her mother are talking about right now...?
Hatsumi: "Sawai, if you can't sit still you can go to the bathroom to relieve yourself."
Kaori: "Oh, sorry..."
I got chewed out, again. I better get back to work! Oh, someone's putting out a nurse call... It's from Miss Sakai.
Kaori: "I'm here. What's the matter?"
Maybe they called to ask for a vase. Visitors ask if we have vases all the time.
Sayuri: "The IV is almost dry."
Huh? I'd set the IV drip when I showed her visitor in...
Kaori: "Understood. I'll look into it, immediately."
Miss Sakai's probably expecting her visitor to stay a while... Maybe she's opting to have the bottle changed out in advance...? It just like Miss Sakai to be forward thinking like that....So, is her visitor her mother, after all? Oh no, what am I supposed to say if she is? Something like, "Thank you for everything you've done"? ...Wait, is that any way for nursing staff to address a patient's visitor? Maybe it's best I play it by ear.
Sayuri: "Come in."
Kaori: "I'll just take a moment."
There's no one in the room other than Miss Sakai.
Kaori: "Huh? What happened to your visitor?"
I eye the room from corner to corner. There's no one else here. It would be nice to meet her after worrying myself silly. Actually, scratch that.
Sayuri: "She's gone. She's just stopped by to hand over some documentation."
Kaori: "Documentation?"
Miss Sakai pushes some twisted papers at me. What are these...?
Kaori: "Can I take a peek?"
Sayuri: "Go ahead."
I straighten the papers out. I can't make heads or tails of them. Some kind of legal document?
Sayuri: "It states that my inheritance has been set in stone."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Sayuri: "It's her way of saying we're nobodies going forward. The gist is she'll ‘cough up my share now so I can waste it how I please' when I’m discharged."
Kaori: "Huh?"
I can't follow what Miss Sakai is telling me. What does she mean by "waste it how she pleases"? Hold on... That woman from before WAS Miss Sakai's mother, right?
Sayuri: "She said she doesn't want to see my punchable, disappointing face anymore."
Sayuri: "She'll cover the treatment fees in full. In exchange, she drafted an agreement that I'll never deal with a Sakai again. "
Sayuri: "The feeling's mutual. So I got on board and signed her stupid agreement."
Sayuri: "...She showed up to hand over the finalized agreement now that the legal rigmarole is over."
Miss Sakai's voice sounds far, far away. I can't be...hearing this...right?
Kaori: "But...she's your mother..."
Sayuri: "Parent-child relationships come in all shapes and sizes. This is simply one of them. Not that I'd expect you to understand that."
Miss Sakai's words cut like ice. I don't... I don't accept that!
Kaori: "But you're related by blood, right! How can you turn your backs on each other for good!"
Sayuri: "That's just how some families are!! Keep your nose out of my business! You obnoxious creep!"
Kaori: "It might not be my business...! It isn't! But I can't just--!"
Sayuri: "Just, what?"
Kaori: "I just wanted to...empathize with you!"
Sayuri: "Huh? ...Whatever."
She laughs me off coldly. I must come across as nothing but irritating to Miss Sakai. But Miss Sakai's important to me...!
Kaori: "I...I once had a severe injury that left me for dead. So..."
Kaori: "So I want you to overcome your circumstances. Your family circumstances, as well as your medical ones...!"
Sayuri: "Shut up! Just shut it, you hypocrite!"
She screams at me.
Sayuri: "Don't push your values onto me! I HATE that you won't give it a rest!!"
Kaori: "M-Miss Sakai...!"
Miss Sakai leaves me struck dumb. I have no intention of forcing my values on her. I don't have any memory of my accident, but I do have a vague recollection of my parents and little sister helping me make a recovery. The importance of family support in post-operation care shouldn't be lost on any one studying to be a nurse... Miss Sakai, included.
Sayuri: "You...don't know the first thing about my family! So stop talking like you do!"
Kaori: "Argh?!"
Something flies at me. It smashes into my shoulder, and clatters loudly to the ground. A clock. The number plate inside is cracked. My shoulder throbs painfully...
Sayuri: "...Get out! I don't want to see...YOUR face!"
Kaori: "........."
I sweep up the clock, keeping a hand pressed to my bruised shoulder. I approach Miss Sakai's bed, replace the broken clock, and leave the room. Miss Sakai keeps her back to me the whole time.
Kaori: "...I'll be going."
Kaori: "...*Sigh*"
Why is everything going pear-shaped? I sigh deeply.
Yasuko: "Howdy, newbie! Word on the grapevine's that yer fighting with Miss Me."
My hackles flare. Her bluntness gets on my nerves, but the relentless newbie-treatment infuriates me. I may still be the new kid on the block, but it's been six months since I've joined. That's not taking into account that I started working the night shift recently, too. I wish she'd stop calling me "newbie,"
already.
Kaori: "...How do you know about that?"
Yasuko: "I was there when Miss Me filed a complaint with the Chief. Jaw dang near fell off."
Yasuko: "Ya gotta a long way to go if yer scrapping with patients."
Kaori: "......"
Yasuko: "So you lost it and broke that girl's clock?"
Kaori: "I didn't break it! She threw it at me!"
I'm shouting before I realize it.
Yasuko: "Whoa, scary."
I am increasingly agitated by Yamanouchi's detached attitude.
Kaori: "...!"
I take out my trapped feelings on the desk.
Yasuko: "Quit it. Yer making me cringe."
Kaori: "But--!"
Yasuko: "Sawai, yer getting too invested in patients. A nurse has to maintain professional distance. You've had that drilled into you in nursing school, and the ward, haven't ya?"
Yamanouchi's observation cools my boiling blood.
Yasuko: "Ya can nurse patients by kindling a relationship with them. But nursing's not about that at its core."
Yasuko: "There are more important things than being relatable. Think about that."
Kaori: "...I'm sorry."
The apology speaks for itself. Yamanouchi pats my head, laughing it off.
Yasuko: "So long as ya get it we're all good. Yer still a newbie. Ya can come into yer own in time."
Kaori: "...I will."
The kindness in her voice stings at my eyes. So......So, I'm the one in the wrong? Did I screw up by getting emotional with a patient? ...Will I be pulled from Miss Sakai's care? ......... I don't care. If they're going to pull me, let them. She's...not my problem...
====================scr00605.kgo====================
Kaori: "Good morning!"
The Chief and Senpai are already at the nurses station when I arrive in the morning, discussing something gravely.
Hatsumi: "Sawai......"
What could she want? The Chief looks super uncomfortable... And Senpai is avoiding eye contact. Did something happen? The Chief is visibly struggling to broach the topic so Yamanouchi, who's skimming the nightshift reports, steps in.
Yasuko: "Sawai. How do you feel about dropping Miss Sakai?"
Kaori: "Huh?"
I'm speechless. In my temper I told myself she wasn't my problem. But that's not how I actually feel...! Did something I can't handle happen? Like a sudden change in Miss Sakai's condition?!
Kaori: "E...Erm! Did Miss Sakai's condition take a sudden turn?"
Yasuko: "Naw, nothing like that... Not yet, but things could go south at the drop of hat."
Kaori: "...Huh? What do you mean...?"
I look at Senpai for reassurance.
Nagisa: "......"
She keeps quiet, her gaze averted. This time I look to the Chief. The Chief looks lost for a moment, before forcing a sigh.
Hatsumi: "...Her exam results are bad. Her red blood cell and platelet count was poor before, but her leukocyte--white blood cell--count has deteriorated."
Hatsumi: "We started considering removing her from your care because until now her white blood cell count was par for course, so..."
Yamanouchi steps up to plainly state what the Chief is struggling to articulate.
Yasuko: "She's saying there's a risk of pathogen spread if a patient with a compromised immune system is left to an incompetent nurse."
Kaori: "!!"
The criticism pierces. Incompetent... I mean, she's not wrong, but...
Kaori: "Wh-What did Miss Sakai say about this...?"
Hatsumi: "She said it wasn't her place to dictate personnel changes."
So she isn't gunning to have me dragged off her case? Even after that heated fight we had yesterday?
Kaori: "I...I'm...going to talk to Miss Sakai."
Yasuko: "Come again? Didn't ya hear? Her leukocyte count is down, you'd only..."
The Chief stalls Yamanouchi. And then smiles with knowing sadness.
Hatsumi: "...Come back before reports begin. And do not aggravate Miss Sakai under any circumstances... Keep it civil..."
Kaori: "I...I will!"
I bow, and head for Miss Sakai's room, leaving Yamanouchi behind looking dissatisfied, and Senpai worried. When I arrive at Miss Sakai's room she won't so much as make eye contact.
Kaori: "Um..."
Sayuri: "...What did you come for?"
Sayuri: "I'm pretty sure my current condition is too much for a newbie like you to handle."
Kaori: "......"
Miss Sakai pokes a foot out from the bed.
Sayuri: "...Look at this."
Signs of petechial bleeding dot the sole of her foot.
Sayuri: "I felt a little itchy last night. Had a small scratch and this is what happened."
Sayuri: "It doesn't hurt, so I didn't realize I had a problem. I suppose this is how blood platelet deficit manifests, huh?"
Sayuri: "The reduction in red blood cells doesn't feel real. I'm a little dizzy, but that's about it."
Sayuri: "Same goes for the reduction in white blood cells. I don't feel like my immune system's weakening."
Kaori: "......"
A patient that with no symptoms to complain of has no awareness of their condition. And if the patient themselves has no awareness of their condition, then a new nurse like me is likely to mistreat them as healthy. And that would be massively endanger a patient with a condition like Miss Sakai's. The brutal truth is that someone like me is an active threat to Miss Sakai's life.
Sayuri: "Got that through your skull? Leave."
Sayuri: "Even an amateur like you knows how dangerous aggravating me and spiking my blood pressure is with my current condition."
With fewer blood platelets there's nothing to clot and stem bleeding. There's a real possibility of mass hemorrhaging if rising blood pressure bursts a blood vessel.
Sayuri: "...I told you I didn't want to see your face. So get lost, already."
Kaori: "...O...kay..."
Don't cry. I'll worry everyone if I cry. I'm sure...Miss Sakai's the one that wants to cry...
Kaori: "I'm back... Sorry for taking so long..."
Everyone is looking at me, concerned. Their gazes hurt... I'm both pained and happy. They're willing to take in a screw-up who's prone to getting on a patient's bad side. I want to repay their kindness. So first...
Kaori: "Aww, you guys worry too much!"
Kaori: "I get it. I was pulled off of this assignment because I'm not ready, yet. You don't have to worry."
Nagisa: "...Sawai..."
Kaori: "I'm going to double-down on my training! I'll take on any advice you have!"
Yasuko: "Hey now, she's got gumption."
Hatsumi: "...Now that Sawai's here we'll start reporting. Good morning, everyone..."
====================scr00606.kgo====================
The ward is relaxed this morning, and the nurses station is equally chilled out. Something pops into my mind as I fill out a medical record.
Kaori: "...What is nursing?"
Yasuko: "Why the interest, now...?"
Yamanouchi grins to herself as she pens in her report.
Yasuko: "Florence Nightingale once said ‘Nursing is act of striving to limit the loss of life for all patients to the absolute minimum.’"
Yasuko: "By which she meant cooperating to establish a hygienic environment, providing balanced, nutritious meals, and maintaining bodily hygiene."
Unsurprisingly Senpai, who was also working on reports of her own, looks up to offer a counterpoint.
Nagisa: "Stopping there gives the impression that nurses are just servants. My gut says nursing's about something else."
Yasuko: "Oh, yer saying the mother of modern medicine, Lady Nightingale herself's got it all wrong, Fujisawa?"
Nagisa: "No, that's not what I meant. It's MORE than that. More specific, like..."
Yasuko: "I'd say environment prep, balanced meals, and hygienic maintenance is pretty specific."
Nagisa: "I learned at nursing school that ‘the unique function of the nurse is to assist the individual, sick or well.’ Virginia Henderson theory, I think."
Yasuko: "By that logic ya'd have to stop and help every other person who reckoned they needed a nurse."
Nagisa: "Well...I guess it would."
Yasuko: "Cockamamie bull. They expect me to help people for free? My free time's taken up with drafts."
Nagisa: "Drafts?"
Yasuko: "*Cough cough*! Never ya mind that. H-Hey, Sawai, ya just going to stand there listening?"
Kaori: "Huh?! Me?!"
Don't ask me!
Yasuko: "A newbie's head is crammed full of dreams and aspirations, right? So what does our resident newbie make of nursing?"
Nagisa: "Yeah. I think the ideal of the nurse you strive to be is eroded through experience."
Yasuko: "Yeah, familiarity will do to ya."
Yasuko: "So, what nursing theory do ya subscribe to?"
Kaori: "Err, I mean, I've never really thought about it..."
Yasuko: "What the hay? Yer the one that started this conversation."
Kaori: "That's true, but..."
Yasuko: "Which camp are ya in? The Nightingale camp?"
Nagisa: "Or the Henderson camp?"
Kaori: "I-I..."
The two of them lean in expectantly. Urgh...
Kaori: "N-Neither of them, I guess..."
Yasuko: "Neither..."
Nagisa: "...of them?"
Kaori: "Oh, no, I think both of them have a point. So like, I wonder if there's a...compromise between them."
Nagisa: "Sooo, what IS your theory?"
???: "What a fantastically productive debate. Perhaps I can join in?"
Kaori: "Argh! Chief?"
Yasuko: "Chief, impeccable timing, as ever. Yer like Yama, slinking onto set: ‘I heard what's happening.’"
Kaori: "??"
Nagisa: "???"
Yasuko: "Wha... You don't know Yama?! You know, from the famous crime drama? THE Otoshi Yama? No takers?"
Kaori: "Sorry..."
Nagisa: "That kind of rings a bell..."
The Chief smiles wryly at Yamanouchi.
Hatsumi: "It must have been before their time."
Yasuko: "Gargh! Classics transcend time... Which means yer generation musta seen it in real time, Chief..."
Hatsumi: "Now then, shall we get back to the topic at hand?"
Yasuko: "Urgh..."
The Chief smiles pleasantly, but her stare dares us to test her. Yamanouchi clams up, glancing around uncomfortably.
Hatsumi: "What do you think nursing is?"
Kaori: "I...err, don't have a fancy ‘theory.’ More, sort of an ideal that would be nice."
Kaori: "I think it's necessary to help those in need, like Senpai said, but with providing care to patients as a prerequisite like Yamanouchi said."
Yasuko: "Okay, but in reality ya have yer hands full with your duties, right?"
Kaori: "Yes. In reality time and labor places hard limits on what you can realistically achieve."
Kaori: "But I'm not sure that nursing is about ‘doing' something... I think there’s a sort of...critical mental care component to it."
Nagisa: "Right, exactly."
Kaori: "So I interpret what Senpai said about helping everyone to mean providing psychological assistance for all, rather than doing specific things for them."
Hatsumi: "You're right about the importance of mental care, but how and where do you propose to render that support?"
Kaori: "I don't have the experience to make that say. I've been thinking of making that call on a case-by-case basis..."
Kaori: "I feel this is true of all patients, but there's more worrying them than their condition."
Kaori: "Being hospitalized heightens their worries and fears... That's the vibe I'm getting..."
Kaori: "Some patients will spell out their concerns. But others will leave their concerns and panic unspoken, conveying only what hurts where."
Yasuko: "If I had to say, there's more of the latter than the former."
Kaori: "Until now I've only helped patients by responding to voiced complaints. But that's not good enough, is it?"
Kaori: "These worries are something all patients have to a greater or lesser extent. I'd like to preemptively address them before they have to be voiced."
Hatsumi: "I see."
Nagisa: "There are definitely times where you'd be hard-pressed to know mental care was needed without being prompted by the patient. Which makes addressing the issue that much more difficult."
Nagisa: "That said, getting out in front of a problem isn't necessarily the best idea. But conversely, waiting for things to bubble up the surface can hinder treatment."
Yasuko: "True. And ya have to make a call on whether the patient is genuinely worried, or just seeking attention."
Hatsumi: "It's as Sawai says: all patients have concerns over their condition and hospitalization to some extent. Preemptively addressing that is a nurse's duty."
Hatsumi: "You have great insight for a first year. Keep sight of it as you make your way to being a veteran, and beyond."
I flush at the Chief's glowing smile. I embarrassed myself playing armchair nurse in front of the experienced staff... Aaaaaagh... I want to claw into a hole...! Wait....Crawl into a hole? Was that it?
====================scr00607.kgo====================
It's been four days since Miss Sakai was removed from my care. I haven't been assigned any patients so I tend to miscellaneous tasks. The Chief warned me that I get too deeply involved with individual patients. She said I will be assigned patients once I learn to see the big picture. My preceptorship with Senpai is still in place, so I often check in on her patients... But they aren't my responsibility. It's never occurred to me that being patient-less would be so alienating. *Sigh*... I'm hopeless. How many times have I sighed now? The trill of the nurse call brings me to my senses. I check to find it is from Miss Sakai. Yamanouchi assumes responsibility for the majority of Miss Sakai's care now. But she's not in the nurses station at the moment. It's not fair to keep Miss Sakai waiting. I'll sub in for Yamanouchi until she gets back. I pluck up the receiver.
Kaori: "Yes, what's the matter?"
Sayuri: "Err... Um..."
Odd. Is it me, or does Miss Sakai sound torn...?
Kaori: "Miss Sakai? What's wrong?"
Sayuri: "...Is that Miss Sawai?"
Kaori: "Yes, it's me..."
Sayuri: "Then never mind."
The line goes dead. What was that about? I flip through Miss Sakai's file, just to be safe. The doctor's instructions have expanded since I was in charge. Recuperation Level: Standard Bed Rest. That's a prescription for staying in bed outside of trips to the bathroom. Our hospital rooms are outfitted sinks, but toilets and baths are standalone. But a portable toilet should be set up in Miss Sakai's room as a countermeasure. In other words, Miss Sakai has no reason, and no way to leave her room without a nurse's permission. She's also been slapped with a "no visitors"
stipulation. Even Ami, who is close to her in age, and Tsukushi, who is close to her generally, are prohibited from entering Miss Sakai's room. The upshot is only staff can enter her room.
Kaori: "Miss Sakai..."
...I feel terrible for her. Knowing it's part of her treatment doesn't make the isolation bearable... I glance over the nursing report. It's filled in with Yamanouchi's day shift notes, and a smattering of observations from the night shift nurse. It paints the impression that Miss Sakai was staunchly opposed to the portable toilet. The attached transcript shows that Yamanouchi and the attending physician managed to talk Miss Sakai around, but with a catch. Namely, that Miss Sakai would use the portable toilet at night, but call a nurse to escort her to the bathroom during the day.
Kaori: "Hold on...!"
It hits me....So just now, Miss Sakai was calling about...! I dash out into the hallway. Miss Sakai?! I peek into the bathroom, just in time to catch Miss Sakai drying her hands.
Kaori: "M-Miss Sakai!! Aren't you supposed to be resting in bed...?!"
She looks away. She...She left her room alone, in defiance of the doctor's orders...?
Kaori: "Let's get you back to your room, quickly!"
Sayuri: "I can get back alone, without your ‘help’!"
Kaori: "You know you aren't permitted to go to the bathroom without a staff escort, don't you?!"
Sayuri: "Of course I do! But I don't want your help!"
Kaori: "Stop being picky! I'm a member of staff, too!"
I clutch Miss Sakai's hand. She violently throws off my grip.
Sayuri: "Don't touch me!!"
Just then... Miss Sakai's body lurches to the side. By the time I process what's happening it's too late.
Kaori: "M-Miss Sakai!!"
The Chief is sitting in front of me.
Hatsumi: "...*Sigh*"
She sighs. She's probably lost on where to start lecturing me... Miss Sakai's actual nurse, Yamanouchi, springs into the room and takes a seat next to the Chief.
Kaori: "...Um. I want to apologize for the trouble I've caused."
Hatsumi: "...Miss Sakai isn't your responsibility anymore. If you get a call, notify Yamanouchi immediately."
Kaori: "...Yes ma'am."
That was the plan. It was the plan, until...
Yasuko: "Now, now, Chief. This incident is Miss Me's fault for giving the finger to her orders to rest."
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi, I'll remind you we're talking about a patient."
Yasuko: "I'm calling it as I see it. There a problem with that?"
Hatsumi: "......"
The Chief sighs again.
Hatsumi: "Regardless, she had an accident. There's a massive mark of internal bleeding from her shoulder to her back."
Hatsumi: "Fortunately, there were no bone fractures, but we can't rule out the possibility internal bleeding spreading. You're to keep two eyes on her."
Yasuko: "*Sigh* I know where ya going. Short version: Ya want me to submit an incident report, am I right?"
Yasuko: "I'll take Sawai's testimony and submit it under my name later today. Is that all, ya holiness?"
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi..."
Yasuko: "If that's all I'll be getting back to work. Have yerselves a nice day."
Yamanouchi bounces onto her feet and out of the room: She's said her piece. H-How do I make this right...? ...A wedge has been driven between the Chief and Yamanouchi because I stuck my neck where it didn't belong...
Hatsumi: "...It's as Yamanouchi said -- you aren't in the wrong."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Hatsumi: "We should have predicted this when the bed rest order was given... Especially after we compromised on the portable toilet."
Hatsumi: "This time the fault is with us for not anticipating things fully, and establishing contingencies."
Hatsumi: "A failure like this demands the submission of an incident report... Do you understand?"
Kaori: "........."
In the end, Miss Sakai is strictly forbidden from leaving her room. And to prevent additional internal bleeding restrictions are placed on her movement, she is fitted with a ureteric balloon catheter. We can instigate spontaneous urination by balloon, but for anything "heavier"
she has to use the portable toilet -- which she positively hates... Despite the Chief and Yamanouchi reassuring me that this isn't my fault......I feel immensely guilty towards Miss Sakai.
Kaori: "...*Sigh*"
I can't see the textbook in front of me with Miss Sakai stuck in my mind. She must feel like she's hit rock bottom. With her condition Miss Sakai should lean on others for help. What can I do to help...? How can I get Miss Sakai to open up to me? It's not wrong of me to look out for Miss Sakai even though she's not my responsibility any more, is it? The Chief faces me with a grim expression.
Hatsumi: "Miss Sakai is requesting to be transferred to Teito University's hospital."
Kaori: "...I see."
Hatsumi: "That's where Miss Sakai was originally hoping to be treated. She settled on here because there were no empty beds."
Hatsumi: "If her condition worsens she'll inevitably be transferred. But for now, given her ongoing treatment, the doctor has ruled it premature to relocate her."
Hatsumi: "In the meantime we're going to apologize, and have her stay a while longer..."
A single sheet of paper is slid over to me. I take in the title lettering.
Kaori: "...Incident report..."
She's giving me an unspoken order to fill it out...
Hatsumi: "I know you're not at fault. But the fact remains that a patient was injured due to staff negligence."
Hatsumi: "This time we got off with internal clotting, but we were one step away from a life-threatening accident."
Hatsumi: "List the time of incident, names of relevant staff, circumstances, why the incident occurred, and preventative measures for the future."
Hatsumi: "Think those over and submit it by day's end. We have an excess of personnel today, so you can stay here and focus on the report."
Kaori: "...I understand."
In the end Miss Sakai is strictly forbidden from leaving her room until her condition improves. And to prevent additional internal bleeding, restrictions have been placed on her movements and she has been fitted with a ureteric balloon catheter. We can instigate spontaneous urination by balloon, but for anything "heavier"
she has to use the portable toilet -- which she positively hates... The Chief reassures me that this isn't my fault......But even if it's not, I still feel immensely guilty towards Miss Sakai. Filling out and submitting the report does nothing to ease the sinking feeling in my stomach. Miss Sakai might transfer to another hospital. I probably won't see her again....I won't have the chance to apologize to her... Will this sinking feeling disappear if Miss Sakai disappears, too? Will I be able to make a fresh start, and work with new patients? What did I do wrong...? I did the best I could, but my best wasn't good enough for Miss Sakai. Miss Sakai holds herself and others to high standards. I want to adopt that aspect of her. That way I won't have to endure these feelings again...
====================scr00608.kgo====================
It's been a day since Miss Sakai collapsed. I can see the friction between the Chief and Yamanouchi deepening from the sidelines. It seems Yamanouchi isn't exactly enthralled with Miss Sakai to begin with. The fact that she takes every chance to call her "Miss Me"
makes that obvious. I've spotted the Chief scolding Yamanouchi several times over that... Yamanouchi is nursing Miss Sakai in her own way. I heard the Chief informed Miss Sakai directly about her deteriorating condition, which made her nervous. That didn't go down well with Yamanouchi, the acting nurse. Miss Sakai's collapsing episode is the last straw. Yamanouchi has been making her disapproval for the Chief openly known since.
Nagisa: "...Awkwaaard..."
The friction...or should I say, open hostility, between them has infected the internal medicine ward, making it a toxic place to work.
Kaori: "U-Um... Senpai, can I have a moment?"
Nagisa: "Hm? What's up?"
Senpai looks up from her records. I can see the Chief over her shoulder, her back to us, writing a form. Talking here would be totally awkward. And things are already awkward.
Kaori: "Erm... Come with me a second."
Nagisa: "Hm? Why...?"
Nagisa: "Hey, Sawai. How far are you going to drag me?"
Kaori: "Erm... Almost there..."
This should be far enough, right?
Nagisa: "What gives, Sawai? Dragging me all the way out here...? I was in the middle of reports, you know?"
Kaori: "Um... About Yamanouchi and the Chief."
Nagisa: "Oh, THAT."
Nagisa: "You might have happened to spark this mess, but there's no reason to beat yourself up over them exploding, is there?"
Kaori: "...That may be true, but still..."
I can't get it out of my mind. I look up to the Chief, and Yamanouchi is like a dependable big sister to me. I respect them both, so the last thing I want is for them to fight -- I want them to get along.
Nagisa: "Besides, those two would be at each other's throats even if you weren't in the picture."
Kaori: "Huh? Really?"
Nagisa: "They have different outlooks on nursing, and clashing personalities."
Nagisa: "The Chief has a cool exterior, but underneath it she's prone to getting emotional, and surprisingly sensitive."
Nagisa: "On the other hand, Yamanouchi comes across as gung-ho, but she's actually really calculating."
Nagisa: "The two of them have radically different approaches to patients, too."
Nagisa: "For all the Chief bangs on about professionalism, she'll sacrifice her personal life so she can deliver on her word."
Nagisa: "Whereas Yamanouchi influences her patients so the need to take responsibility for issues doesn't crop up in the first place."
......... Now that she mentions it... They work in the same hospital and ward, but they're strikingly different personalities, with drastically different outlooks on nursing. It's only natural they'd have differences of opinion and get up in each other's faces the way they do.
Nagisa: "These are mature, grown women we're talking about."
Nagisa: "Grown women who will stink up the place fighting tooth and nail. Is it our place to interfere?"
Kaori: "...I see what you're saying, but..."
I understand where Senpai is coming from. But...it bothers me. I can't just turn a blind eye.
Nagisa: "...I love how kind and considerate you are... But I worry you're running yourself into the ground."
Nagisa: "I don't know about you, but I couldn't step in between them."
Nagisa: "So I couldn't get them to come to terms in my wildest dreams."
Kaori: "........."
Senpai might be right. It's not our place to interfere, right? What Senpai says makes sense, but...
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi, do you have Mr. Toshiru's exam result...?"
Yasuko: "It's pinned on his medical record."
Hatsumi: "O-Oh... Thank you."
Urgh, you can feel the awkwardness in the air... I get the impression that Yamanouchi's resentment towards the Chief is one-sided. I know it's not my place to interfere...but I can't sit around on my hands. That said...
Hatsumi: "...*Sigh*"
Yasuko: "...What the heck is it now...?!"
Urgh, they're so unapproachable... They might be unapproachable...but if I don't strike up a conversation there's no hope of getting them to come to terms. So, who should I start with? The Chief. Yamanouchi. Do nothing. I should start with the Chief. Who else? I mean...
Yasuko: "...You got something to say with that sigh?"
Urgh, Yamanouchi's an 11/10 on the bad mood scale!! Forget being difficult to approach, she's borderline impossible!! ...By process of elimination, that leaves the Chief. Hm? Is it just me and the Chief in the nurses station right now? This is it! Sink or swim!
Kaori: "E...Erm... Ch...Ch...Ch...Chief...?"
Argh! Chill, Kaori! You've got this! If I don't get a handle on myself the Chief will be weirded out!
Hatsumi: "...What is it, Sawai?"
Kaori: "Whelp, ho...ho...ho... Howhaaa..."
Arrgh! I can't talk straight!!
Kaori: "Aaah, um... I...I'm don't know how to say this...but..."
Hatsumi: "........."
Ah, the Chief smiled. But she looks like she's been put on the spot. A-Am I makings things difficult for her?!
Hatsumi: "...It seems we've given Sawai cause for concern. Wouldn't you concur, Yamanouchi?"
What?! Yamanouchi...?!
Yasuko: "Dang it all, getting the newbie worried about me. I've got some growing to do, all right."
Whaa?! A wild Yamanouchi appears from the break room! S-She was there the whole time?!
Yasuko: "My bad, making ya fret."
Yasuko: "I was just sulking; the boss lets me get away with it. Nothing ya need to pay any mind over."
Yamanouchi pats me on the head. Wha...? What?! She was just...sulking?
Hatsumi: "I thought it would be disrespectful to reprimand Yamanouchi, so I stayed quiet. I'm sorry, Sawai."
Kaori: "Huh...? ...Okay..."
...I'm not sure I get it, but does this mean they weren't fighting all along? Erm...? Talk about getting worked up over nothing.
Yasuko: "...Pff. Sigh louder -- I might hear ya..."
Yamanouchi is the one with the hot temper. It should ease the tension most if I talk her around first, right? Just try not to get eaten. Nothing ventured, nothing gained!
Yasuko: "...What? Try me, newbie?"
Feeling my gaze, Yamanouchi scowls at me, daring me to try. Urgh, I haven't said anything yet... She's going to eat me alive! But I can't back down now!
Kaori: "Um... I'm sorry, I was in the wrong... So, about your...err, attitude to the Chief, I think--"
Yasuko: "Think what?!"
Eeek!
Yasuko: "Who the heck ya think ya are?"
Eeeeeek...!!
Kaori: "I...I...I'm nobody... I mean, I'm somebody... Th-The ward's kind of toxic so--!"
Yasuko: "What's that? Ya insinuating I'm the one stinking it up?!"
Kaori: "H-Hwha?! N-N-Nothing of the short!!"
Kaori: "Wh-What I lean is, um, I was thunking n-n-nothing ventured, nothing gained--!"
Yamanouchi raises her fist.
Kaori: "Eeeek!!"
I curl up and squeeze my eyes shut. Is this it? Am I going to die?! *Smack*!! Arggggwwha?!
Yasuko: "...Ya dummy. Did ya think I was going to hit ya?"
Kaori: "Wha...?"
My forehead stings. She just...flicked me on the forehead?
Yasuko: "Hat's off to ya for staking yer life on calling out yer elders."
Yasuko: "In honor of that -- Chief! I'm sorry I've been in a horn-tossing mood since yesterday!"
Kaori: "!!"
Yamanouchi bows apologetically at the Chief who, at some point, has had naked concern written on her face.
Hatsumi: "...No, I'm at fault. You were doing a fine job, and I failed to trust that you'd handle your patient well...and failed to respect your pride."
Yasuko: "I'd hate to talk down to ya, but I think yer doing yer a fine job."
Yasuko: "For what it's worth, working under ya's why I haven't shoved off someplace else."
Hatsumi: "I'm honored to hear that."
The Chief and Yamanouchi turn to each other amiably.
Yasuko: "I'm naturally inclined to wander unless there's somethin' special to tie me down."
Yasuko: "When the Chief took me in I reckoned I'd be gone in six months."
Yasuko: "This hospital's like homecoming. I ain't thinking of quitting."
Something in Yamanouchi's cheerful statement tugs at me. I pitch a question at her.
Kaori: "You were...‘taken in’?"
Hatsumi: "Good grief... You're not a cat or dog."
The Chief shrugs her shoulders defeatedly.
Yasuko: "Oh, I was ‘taken in’, all right. Ya wanna hear the nitty-gritty, Sawai?"
The two have shared a past I know nothing about... It's not wrong of me to be curious, is it?
Kaori: "Yes. If you don't mind, that is."
Yamanouchi begins brightly recounting how they met. The Chief is pretty non-plussed about it. Calm drifts back into the nurses station.
Yasuko: "By sheer coincidence a seminar I was attendin' happened to be in the city. We hit it off at a bar that night. Sometimes that's all it takes."
Yasuko: "Her seat was next to mine at the seminar so I recognized her at the bar, and knew she was a nurse. We got on like a house on fire."
Hatsumi: "...Back then I was in desperate need of capable personnel. I was at the end of my rope with old-fashioned staff with more excuses than drive."
Yasuko: "So we're talkin' for barely an hour when she drops the ‘join my ward’ bombshell. Put the fear of God into me."
The two of them have come to terms. These two would have made up without me. Senpai was right: I shouldn't have interfered....Still... I'm jealous of their relationship. They might not be equals officially, but they trust in each other mutually... I want to be the kind of nurse that the Chief, Yamanouchi, and Senpai trust in. I have to work harder to get there!
Kaori: "Urm..."
Senpai's right: This is their problem. I shouldn't interfere. Sticking my neck into their business could make things worse.
Kaori: "I'm back."
I return to the nurses station after answering a nurse call.
Hatsumi: "...No symptoms of pneumonia."
I glance in the direction of the voices. Yamanouchi and the Chief are engaged in a discussion over a single x-ray slide.
Yasuko: "Don't ya reckon they coughed up in surprise? We'll have to conduct follow-up observation to be sure, though."
Hatsumi: "Right. They start running a fever? Bingo."
Yasuko: "I hear that. Got to be on the lookout for fevers with old folk."
Hatsumi: "Okay. I'll leave it to you."
Yasuko: "Roger that, over and out!"
...They've already made up. What was I worrying about? Senpai scuttles over to me.
Nagisa: "...See. No need for you to interfere."
Senpai is almost gloating, and I have no counter to deflate her... Urgh, I'm so useless... Well, I'm just glad the two of them are back on good terms again.
====================scr00609.kgo====================
Hatsumi: "Fujisawa, I have some good news for you."
The Chief apprehends Senpai the moment we get back to the nurses station.
Nagisa: "Sure. What is it?"
Senpai's eyes go wide. She hasn't the slightest clue what it could be about. What could the Chief want to tell Senpai? It must be something to celebrate if it's "good news".
Hatsumi: "Should I here? Everyone seems rather invested in our discussion..."
Now that she mentions it, the other nurses in the station are eyeing the pair intently. The Chief isn't exuding her talking-to vibe which, if anything, colors Senpai with unease.
Nagisa: "Good news, right? Not a lecture?"
The Chief chuckles.
Hatsumi: "Yes, exactly. Your wish has come true."
Nagisa: "Huh?! Wait, you mean...?!"
Hatsumi: "Your request to be transferred to surgery has been accepted."
Nagisa: "!!"
I leap at Senpai, who is frozen in shock.
Kaori: "You did it! Senpai, congratulations!"
Nagisa: "No way... Is this a...dream?"
Hatsumi: "Reality, unfortunately. Internal medicine will be losing a valuable asset to surgery."
Nagisa: "Th-Thank you!"
Senpai bows in deep gratitude. The Chief beams, uncharacteristically besides herself, at her.
Hatsumi: "Our wards are culturally different, as are the patient's conditions, and treatments. You'll struggle to adjust but...hang in there."
Nagisa: "I will!"
Kaori: "Senpai! Congratulations!"
I squeeze her excitedly. But...
Nagisa: "Hm... Thanks..."
Huh?
Kaori: "...Senpai, you aren't happy?"
This has been Senpai's dream since forever, so I thought she'd be over the moon about it.
Nagisa: "I-I am! Completely ecstatic."
Kaori: "You seem down, all things considered..."
???: "This might be the transfer of her dreams, but she'll be parted from her beloved preceptee. That'll be complicated."
Yamanouchi grins at us from behind. No idea when she got there.
Nagisa: "Hmph, Yamanouchi! There you go again, making fun of me at the first chance! Hmph, hmph, hmph!"
Yasuko: "Yeah? Yer not going to deny it? Or can't ya? Eh, Horseysawa?"
Senpai grabs Yamanouchi's finger, to spare herself from being poked.
Nagisa: "What's with ‘Horseysawa’?!"
Yasuko: "Ya neigh like a horse. Hence, ‘Horseysawa.’"
Nagisa: "That's horrible!"
Yasuko: "Yer going to be in the same hospital, anyway. Ya got nothing to worry about."
Yasuko: "Relax and enjoy your transfer. I'll fill the Fujisawa-shaped hole in Sawai's heart, and show her what's what, ya hear?"
Kaori: "Sh-Show her what's what??"
Nagisa: "Hey...! You make it sound so lewd!"
Yasuko: "Well I never. Some mouth on you for a horse!"
Nagisa: "I'm not a horse! Hmph, hmph, hmph, hmph!"
Watching the exchange between Yamanouchi, who is smirking self-indulgently, and Senpai warms my heart.
Nagisa: "Hmph, now you're laughing it up, too, Sawai! You're overjoyed about my transfer, aren't you! Doing cartwheels because we'll be separated!"
Kaori: "Huh?! Definitely not!"
Nooo! Caught in the dreaded crossfire!
Nagisa: "Nope, I'm dead sure. ‘Sure am I lucky I don't have that big-mouthed preceptor to deal with anymore!'... It’s written on your face! Hmph!"
Kaori: "That's not...erm, entirely wrong..."
Nagisa: "Nnnnnng! Sawai, I hate you!"
Senpai yoinks my cheeks and babbles comic nonsense at me.
Kaori: "Ou...ouafu! Ouafu! I waff jokinff! Leff go, Fenpai..."
Yasuko: "*Sigh* Guess Fujisawa transferring means internal medicine's famous romcom sketch will end its run... I'll miss it, in its own weird little way."
Nagisa: "What are you calling a romcom sketch!"
Kaori: "Yeaff!"
My cheeks are snapped free of Senpai's fingers. Urgh... That hurt...
Yasuko: "Too close to see the obvious. It's been internal medicine's pride and joy since this spring. I made sure of it."
Kaori: "Yamanouchi...please refrain from treating people as your playthings..."
Nagisa: "On behalf of the nursing gods, I'll correct the perversions of this wayward nurse!!"
Hatsumi: "Okay, okay. Enough tomfoolery. I'll overlook the celebrations, but it's time to get back to work, all of you."
Senpai retracts her wrestling stance at the Chief's very word.
Nagisa: "...I apologize."
Yasuko: "Ya gone and put a viper in her bonnet..."
Kaori: "S-Sorry..."
She's right -- we're on the clock. We need to use this time for our patients! As we mill off back to our duties Senpai whispers into my ear.
Nagisa: "Sawai, I'll go to your room tonight."
Kaori: "!!"
Nagisa: "Aaah! Today was a looong day. Transferring isn't stopping the Chief from working me to the bone."
After work we return to our rooms. Later Senpai comes knocking on my door, six-pack at the ready. I lay out snacks. We go to our regular drinking routine, but... Senpai IS down...isn't she?
Kaori: "Senpai, you're not particularly psyched about your transfer, are you...?"
Nagisa: "Huh, why'd you ask? You're imagining things. You worrywart."
Kaori: "...If you say so. You just look kind of down..."
Her reaction to the transfer at the nurses station today was off, too... If Senpai says she's happy then I guess I should take her at her word...but something doesn't sit right. Hmm. I'm kind of worried... Senpai's jostling the beer can to and from her lips without taking a swig -- like she has something on her mind....I want her to tell me what she's thinking. To ‘fess up what’s eating her.
Kaori: "...Senpai..."
I watch Senpai intently. She forces a smile and shrugs off my concern.
Nagisa: "Hmph... I can't get anything past you, can I?"
Nagisa: "...Real talk: I'm torn on whether I should transfer. I might regret making the move to surgery."
Stunned by Senpai's revelation, I set my beer can down and turn to face her directly.
Kaori: "Why? You were saying how transferring to surgery has been your dream since forever, right?"
Nagisa: "Yeah. I meant that, but..."
Senpai sets her can down. Her expression is fraught.
Nagisa: "...Sawai. You're just fine with this?"
Kaori: "Huh?!"
Nagisa: "With me disappearing to surgery. You're just...fine with that?"
Kaori: "W-Well..."
I'm not. I'm not, but I have to say I am -- for her. I have to, but... Will telling her "I'm fine"
allow her to transfer to surgery surgery with a clear conscience? I...
Kaori: "I...I..."
Nagisa: "Ah, sorry, my bad!"
Senpai flails her hands around cheerfully, as if extinguishing my words. 
Nagisa: "I was being weird. You're fine, aren't you Sawai? Fine! I'll transfer to surgery!"
Senpai's worried aura vanishes to who knows where, replaced with the cool collectedness she gulps her beer with.
Kaori: "Senpai?"
Nagisa: "I feel kind of guilty for jumping ship alone, and abandoning my hapless preceptee."
Kaori: "Senpai, be nice!"
Nagisa: "I'll be throwing your education to the saps stranded in internal medicine. Arr! Sorry to straddle ye with a hapless barnacle, me hearties!’"
Kaori: "Oh, you wish! I'm working my way up the ranks, you'll see!"
Nagisa: "Uh-huh, a likely story. I believe every last word, honest."
Kaori: "You don't sound like you do!"
Senpai chuckles, and looks at me head on.
Nagisa: "...Work your butt off and become the best nurse you can be, even if you do it without me, okay?"
Her expression sets my heart thudding.
Kaori: "S-Speak for yourself. Surgery's uncharted territory; prepare yourself to relearn everything from scratch."
Nagisa: "Mggn! Cheeky girls get punished!"
She grabs my cheeks and plies them apart.
Kaori: "Ouaff! Senfai, thaff hurffs!"
I'm absolutely devastated about Senpai's transfer. No more messing around in the nurses station. No more being saved when I'm in trouble. No more of her laughing and giving me the "Aww, Sawai"
treatment.
Kaori: "...But I'll...miss you..."
Raw, undecorated feelings spill from my lips. Senpai giggles and ruffles my hair.
Nagisa: "Aww, Sawai. You're a big dummy. Even if I move to surgery we'll be working in the same place. Our rooms, everything else, will be same, you know?"
Nagisa: "I'll still visit your room after I transfer, okay? Just keep the booze handy."
This transfer has been Senpai's dream for the longest time. I can't thank her enough for what she's done for me, but I can cheer her on!
Kaori: "...Wh-What am I going to do with you? I'll keep your go-to beer and snacks stocked."
Nagisa: "How my preceptee's grown! Sharp-witted and highly skilled. Brings a tear to my eye."
Kaori: "Saving the mushy stuff for times like this? You monster!"
Nagisa: "Ahahaha!"
Kaori: "Ahaha!"
Nagisa: "I'll tough it out if you will?"
Kaori: "Sure thing!"
We celebrate Senpai's transfer in advance. We'll stick together, even when we're working different wards! Right, Senpai!
====================scr00610.kgo====================
The next day. I was worried about who would be my preceptor in Senpai's absence. Turns out I didn't have to worry... Yamanouchi is selected to replaced Senpai....I say "selected,"
but there are only four regular nurses in internal medicine: Me, the Chief, Yamanouchi, and Senpai. A part-time or dispatch nurse can't cover preceptor duties, so that leaves the Chief, who is super busy, or Yamanouchi, who reluctantly agrees.
Yasuko: "I'm back."
Yamanouchi is swamped with her own patients, Senpai's handovers, Miss Sakai's care, and instructing me on top of that... Urgh, I don't envy her a bit... I have to keep her load light.
Yasuko: "*Sigh* Now Miss Me's whining about constipation! Selfish thorn in my side."
Yamanouchi returns, foaming at the mouth. At first blush she comes across as chronic complainer, but she's simply thinking out loud. At first I wasn't sure what to do because I took her complaints at face value. Lending a listening ear to her Yamanouchi-speak comes with the territory...I guess?
Kaori: "There you go again. Aren't constipation and selfishness more or less unrelated?"
Yasuko: "They're practically joined at the hip."
Yamanouchi pulls out a record template. Just as I think she's going to start filling it out she shoves a ballpoint pen under my nose.
Yasuko: "Ya have the gumption to show off yer excrement to people?"
Kaori: "Excrement...?!"
I'm blindsided. Does she just say whatever pops into her mind?!
Yasuko: "Well do ya, or don't ya?"
I haphazardly organize my thoughts into something coherent. I imagine showing my excrement to Senpai, or Yamanouchi............. Nope!!
Kaori: "...I...I couldn't."
Yasuko: "Right?"
Yamanouchi grins.
Yasuko: "She's the same. Ain't nobody who wants to flash their excrement."
Kaori: "But Miss Sakai is sick, so there's cause to..."
Yasuko: "...Think, will ya?"
Yasuko: "Imagine the doctor strolls in, tells ya ‘Yer blood's infected. Yer going into quarantine. No leaving your room!’"
Yasuko: "‘Oh, and use that there porta-potty. Drop up a line when yer done so we can dump it.' How’d ya react?"
Kaori: "Urm..."
Yasuko: "Being sick don't rob ya of yer sense of shame, does it?"
Yasuko: "There's no hope in hell of going when ya know someone's going to be taking a peek later. It don't matter how professional the peeking is."
Kaori: "......"
...She's right. It's so obvious. Miss Sakai's condition is severe enough to demand constant, absolute rest, but it hasn't destroyed her sense of self....It's not surprising that she's constipated.
Yasuko: "Ya keeping up with me so far?"
I nod slowly.
Yasuko: "...All right, pop quiz. What's the problem with having constipation?"
Kaori: "Er... Um..."
My mind goes into overdrive for an answer.
Kaori: "B-Being constipated...prevents smooth excretion..."
Yasuko: "And?"
Kaori: "And erm...makes you prone to cuts."
I make a point of leaving out "where". She should understand...without me spelling it out.
Yasuko: "Right, cuts."
Yasuko: "The anus is lined with thin capillaries, so even a healthy person can bleed profusely from local cuts."
Yasuko: "That goes double for Sakai because her haemostatic ability is deflated. Good answer, Sawai. Have a cookie!"
Phew, I got it right.
Yasuko: "So, what else?"
Kaori: "Whaugh?!"
There's more?!
Kaori: "Erm... Erm, bleeding from the cuts will lead to blood loss."
Yasuko: "Yup, that's the answer ya just gave me. What else?"
Kaori: "Errm..."
Yamanouchi chuckles.
Yasuko: "Sawai, try squatting down there."
Kaori: "Huh? Squat?"
I squat as she instructs.
Yasuko: "Didn't ya feel your abdominal muscles contract when ya moved?"
What is she hinting at -- Eureka!
Kaori: "Ah! Her blood pleasure will rise!"
Yasuko: "And then?"
Kaori: "Raised blood pressure will put a strain on her blood vessels. And if that happens the areas that are strained will be prone to bursting."
Yasuko: "Exactly. Having a blood vessel burst with Sakai's condition could be fatal."
Yasuko: "Also, there's the risk of impaired consciousness due to blood pressure variation. She's anemic, due to that low red blood cell count, remember?"
Yasuko: "If she has an anemic episode she could collapse. If she injured herself in her condition it would literally be fatal."
Kaori: "...Oh gosh..."
Constipation is NOT to be taken lightly. I have to look at the issue holistically, and plan for all potential contingencies... There's no point in nursing on the basis of their condition without taking into account their personality and background...
Yasuko: "Ya know there's more to nursing than technique, don't ya? But conversely, empathizing with them alone doesn't cut the mustard."
Yasuko: "True nursing combines technique, empathy, and know-how. As true for nursing as it is for sports."
Kaori: "........."
Yamanouchi's logic is impeccable. Senpai's insight is deep, but we're more like comrades in study than teacher and pupil. Senpai never broke things down systematically for me....Maybe this is an area where the gap in experience between Senpai and Yamanouchi speaks volumes... Senpai's dream transfer to surgery will let her blow past me with ease. But I won't give up without a fight! I have to push myself so I can proudly work shoulder-to-shoulder with her one day!
Kaori: "Yamanouchi..."
Yasuko: "What's up?"
Kaori: "I...want to reach the peak of professionalism!"
Yamanouchi spurts out laughing. She tussles my hair encouragingly.
Yasuko: "If ya keep working with that attitude in mind, yer golden."
Yasuko: "Being a nurse is easy as pie. Anyone can do it."
Yamanouchi taps her clenched fist on my chest.
Yasuko: "As long as you keep sight of what's in here...ye'll be a-okay!"
Kaori: "I will! I promise!"
====================scr00611.kgo====================
The head nurse, the Chief, and several nurses are gathered in the break room.
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "I'd like to propose a toast to Fujisawa's transfer to surgery!"
Hatsumi: "Cheers!"
Yasuko: "Cheers!"
Kaori: "Cheers!"
Nagisa: "Thank you."
Everyone takes a moment from sipping juice out of cups to shower Senpai with applause....I'm still not entirely on board with drinking out of urine sample cups, but I have gotten used to it...
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "Sorry your party's been tacked on last minute like this. Not everyone could clear their schedule to be here, either."
Senpai shakes her head emphatically.
Nagisa: "Not at all! I'm delighted just getting people together to celebrate."
Yasuko: "I'm off the clock, here. Do we have to go with juice?"
Hatsumi: "Without question! Being inebriated at the hospital is several orders of unacceptable, on the clock or off!"
Yasuko: "Ya got me wrong. I just reckoned borrowing the power of our mutual friend would liven up Fujisawa's party..."
Hatsumi: "Do you believe that logic will carry weight with me?"
Yasuko: "Shoot, abort mission! Bring on the booze, make it rain!!"
Yamanouchi frolics merrily. I'd say this party's hit its lively quota without a drop of liquor.
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "Now, now. We can invite Fujisawa to an after-party with alcoholic drinks elsewhere. But first, Fujisawa, any words?"
Nagisa: "Huh? Me?!"
Yasuko: "Of course. A few words from the guest of honor never hurt anybody."
Kaori: "Senpai! Speech!"
Senpai sets her cup down and glances around sheepishly.
Nagisa: "Erm..."
Yasuko: "Aw yeah! The moment I've been waiting for! The classic Horseysawa neigh!"
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi..."
Yasuko: "I do be begging ya pardon. Take it away, from the top."
Nagisa: "*Giggle*... I'm seriously going to miss you lovable goofballs."
Nagisa: "This is where I made my start as a nurse -- a place that's dear to me, where I learned on so many levels."
Nagisa: "Joining surgery's been my dream since I was a student. I'm giddy with excitement about it. But I'm also nervous."
Nagisa: "I'll do my utmost to use the lessons I've learned and the experienced I've gained here in internal medicine in surgery, too..."
Senpai chokes on her tears...
Nagisa: "I hope transferring to another floor won't stop you from teaching and, where necessary, whipping me into shape."
Senpai bows to thunderous applause.
Yasuko: "Yer talking like this is goodbye. Yer just moving a floor. Dorm will be the same, and all. We'll have yer back going forward, too."
Senpai's eyes well at Yamanouchi's easy hospitality.
Nagisa: "Yamanouchi..."
The Chief, who's smiling kindly, adds her piece.
Hatsumi: "It might only be a floor away, but culturally there's a world of difference... Don't take success for granted there."
Nagisa: "Chief... I'll earn every success."
The head nurse leisurely gets to her feet.
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "I have a head nurse meeting to attend, so if you'll excuse me. I'll leave celebrations to the red-blooded youngsters. *Chuckle*"
Hatsumi: "Tokiwa, you make it sound like a marriage interview..."
Yasuko: "A stone-age marriage interview."
Head Nurse Tokiwa: "My word, the things young people say."
Hatsumi: "My apologies. I felt compelled to point out."
The Chief's retort gets snickers from all around. The heavy vibe clears in an instant. Head Nurse Tokiwa departs, leaving the nurses station all the brighter. The night shifters follow suit, leaving just me, Senpai, Yamanouchi, and the Chief behind.
Nagisa: "Chief, look out for Sawai for me."
Senpai punctuates her request with a bob of her head.
Hatsumi: "You know I will."
Nagisa: "I know you're at sea with your preceptorship, but this is a chance for you to absorb know-how and experience from across the board. Keep your chin up after I'm gone."
Kaori: "I...I will...!"
Yamanouchi is poised to take Senpai's place as my preceptor after her transfer. I heard that Yamanouchi was Senpai's preceptor last year. She's my Senpai's senpai. So it should make for a smooth transition.
Yasuko: "I'm not soft like Fujisawa. I'll whip ya into shape. Ya been warned!"
Kaori: "Eeergk."
Nagisa: "Don't show her any mercy while I'm gone! Oh, but bullying is a no go, capiche?"
Yasuko: "Count on it! I'll show her a good enough time for the both of us, don't ya fret."
Nagisa: "...N-Now I'm kinda worried..."
Yamanouchi reels me in by the shoulders, completely blanking Senpai.
Yasuko: "Heh, heh, heh. Everyone's scared their first time. Just let it happen, like Fujisawa did last year."
Nagisa: "Wait--!"
Yamanouchi's suggestive statement makes Senpai look at her in a very different light....Erm, playing along with Yamanouchi's skit will be hilarious, right?
Kaori: "Nooo, what will become of me?! And what became of Senpai last year?!"
Nagisa: "Yaaamaaanooouuuchiii!!"
Senpai stares daggers at Yamanouchi....I might've peed myself a little.
Yasuko: "Urrgh... Aha-ha-ha! Relax I'm just pickin' with ya! Pickin'! Don't look so serious!"
Yamanouchi almost pushes me out of her clutches, laughing emptily.
Nagisa: "Hmph! It sounds creepy coming from you! Gives me the chills!"
Yasuko: "Oh, no she didn't. Not to her ex-preceptor's face."
Nagisa: "‘Ex' doesn't count for anything. Maybe I’ll entrust her to Chief, instead..."
Yasuko: "Aw, the gall! Ya insinuating that Sawai's not my property?!"
Wha? Yamanouchi's dropping bombshells!! When did I become Yamanouchi's property?!
Nagisa: "Wha--?! Sawai's mine!"
Whaeugh?!
Kaori: "Whaaeeuugh?!"
How did she come to THAT conclusion?! Senpai returns fire with her own bombshell!!
Yasuko: "Heh, heh, heh. Try stopping me from way down in the surgical ward. I'll corner Sawai on the night shift and teach her a little bit of this...and little bit of that... Mwa, ha, ha..."
Nagisa: "...I knew it. You're not joking at all."
Senpai's glare is chilling.
Yasuko: "Whoa, hey. There ya go again taking everything serious."
Senpai ignores Yamanouchi's playful comeback and whispers something in all seriousness.
Nagisa: "...I am serious...about Sawai being mine..."
Senpai bites down on her lip and scans the floor. Senpai?
Yasuko: "Fujisawa?"
Yamanouchi cranes her neck quizzically. Senpai goes on, an octave lower, apparently unaware of our concerned gazes.
Nagisa: "I've been with her for years -- for forever."
Kaori: "Senpai?"
The Chief drops a steady hand on my trembling shoulder. There's a smile on her face...but not a hint of it in her eyes...
Hatsumi: "Now, that concludes shenanigans. Sawai is an important part of the internal medicine staff who I ask we all treat with respect."
Yasuko: "You gotta be kidding. We're stamping her ‘public property’?"
Yamanouchi feigns disappointment. Senpai's looks up, her smile a slew of guilt and embarrassment.
Nagisa: "Aha... Y-Yeah."
What just happened...? Are Senpai's nerves over the transfer getting to her?
Hatsumi: "Fujisawa."
The smile on the Chief's face vanishes instantly.
Hatsumi: "You'll have your hands full initially, but...stay the course."
Nagisa: "Huh? Oh, sure."
Senpai is baffled by the out of left field encouragement. There's a newfound severity, and a curious nuance, sheathed in the Chief's words...
Hatsumi: "Oh, if you'll excuse me, I must get back to my work. Exercise your judgment on when to get back to yours."
Yasuko: "Okie-dokie."
Nagisa: "Th-Thank you!"
The Chief flashes a smile before putting the break room behind her. I crane my neck, puzzled. What did she...mean just now?
Yasuko: "And with that, I'll bid y'all adieu."
Nagisa: "Huh?! That's how my party's ending?!"
Yasuko: "Can't have a party without booze."
Nagisa: "I...can't argue with that..."
Yasuko: "Welp, take yer time with each other."
Nagisa: "Don't you start again!"
Yasuko: "Buh-bye."
I bow just in time to catch Yamanouchi striding out of the break room.
Kaori: "S-See you later!"
Senpai is crushingly unsatisfied...
Nagisa: "Grrr. I get the transfer of my dreams and you all cold shoulder me? Hmph. I'm drinking today away. Drowning my sorrows!"
Kaori: "Huh?! We drank to your transfer in my room the other day. You're going to do a repeat?!"
Nagisa: "Come the heck on. Don't you have a celebratory bone in your body? Why are you being stingy with cheer?"
I buckle under her narrowed gaze, shaking my head fiercely.
Kaori: "I...I...I...It's not like that! I'll celebrate. I want to celebrate like there's no tomorrow. Give me a chance!"
Senpai grins adorably.
Nagisa: "It's decided. We're going to party hard! We'll swing by the convenience store on the way back to the dorms. See you tonight at your place again!"
Kaori: "Wha... Senpai! My room again?!"
Nagisa: "Come ooon. It's my party! And I can have it at your room if I want to!"
Kaori: "Huh? That doesn't even..."
Hatsumi: "You two are kicking up a racket! Did I not tell you to rein it in? Need I remind you this is a hospital ward where night shifters are hard at work?"
The Chief rears in from the nearby nurses station to reprimand us. Whoops.
Nagisa: "Y-Yes ma'am!"
Kaori: "S-Sorry!"
Senpai bows apologetically, and turns to me.
Nagisa: "Hmph, I caught it from the Chief because of you."
Kaori: "Huh?! You're blaming me?! You're an accomplice to the crime! Guilt by association!"
Senpai promptly places her forefinger on my lips.
Nagisa: "Shuuush... Do you want to see her angry?"
I nod, shivering at the idea of it. My lips, pinned under Senpai's finger, are inexplicably hot. I hear my pulse pounding in my ears... Oh no. It's getting louder...
Nagisa: "You're okay going back to your room, aren't you?"
She whispers into my ear. For some reason my legs turn to jelly....What's gotten into me? Is this what true happiness feels like?
Nagisa: "We're going to get going."
Kaori: "See you tomorrow."
Hatsumi: "...You too."
We leave the nurses station together.
Kaori: "Senpai, what are you thinking for snacks?"
Nagisa: "Let's see... I'm in the mood for something western."
Kaori: "Sounds good! Nothing wrong with dried squid, but sometimes you want something classy!"
Making small talk with Senpai is endlessly entertaining. I can't believe something so small brings me such great happiness. But I won't be able to see or speak with her in the ward anymore... My happiness is overturned, and my legs feel like they've been petrified. Do I have it in me to bring out my best tomorrow? No... I HAVE to do my best. Because that's what internal medicine ward nurses do!
====================scr00612.kgo====================
Recently the Chief and Yamanouchi regularly consult each other at the nurses station. Miss Sakai is under Yamanouchi's care now. It sounds like they are discussing how to handle her treatment. Is Miss Sakai's condition that severe? Now that I am no longer responsible for her I'm kept out of the loop...
Kaori: "......"
No one will mind if I take a peek at Miss Sakai's medical records, right? I'm ward staff, too. I open her chart on the blood data page.
Kaori: "Hmm... I can't make sense of this..."
Several of the fields have an "L"
next to them. If "L"
is shorthand for "low,"
then it figures these numbers are below average, meaning--
???: "Hey, newbie. What are yer doing?"
What the--?! I hurriedly snap the report shut at the sound of a voice from behind.
Yasuko: "Ya were peeking at Miss Sakai's data, right? No need to hide it. I'll walk ya through anything ya don't understand."
It's a kind offer. But Miss Sakai is no longer my responsibility, so I can't impose on her kindness... And Yamanouchi's workload shot up overnight. I'd feel guilty piling on top.
Kaori: "No... I'll look into the gaps myself. It's fine..."
Yasuko: "Ya sure? Don't stack too much on yer shoulders, ya hear?"
Actually, there's something I want to know about far more than some data. How is Miss Sakai doing? Is she relieved that her attending nurse has changed? I feel a hint of a connection between us. Is the feeling mutual?
Yasuko: "...If it's bugging ya that much ya should come out and say it."
Yamanouchi speaks with a drawling sigh.
Kaori: "Huh?"
Yasuko: "It's bugging ya, ain't it? Not knowing how Miss Me is doing?"
Yasuko: "If it bugs ya that much ya can say so, or ask ‘how's she doing?’, without bottling it up."
Huh? ...Is that... Would that be...okay? Even after having her removed from my care...?
Yasuko: "Write your feelings down on paper -- unfiltered. I'm going to visit her room anyway, I can play messenger while I'm at it."
Kaori: "Messenger..."
Yasuko: "Sawai, an intellectual: Usin' the written word, the staple of traditional communication."
She's right... I can convey my feelings in a letter...
Kaori: "Erm... You'll...You'll deliver it...?"
Yasuko: "Ya bet! Roger that!"
During my lunch break I take Yamanouchi's advice, downing my lunch in 15 minutes, and using the remaining 45 to pour my heart and soul into words. There isn't any writing paper, so I repurpose a nursing report template. I hope my feelings will get through to her. The nurse call rings. I check which room the call came from. It's from Miss Sakai's room... After umming and ahing it over, I decide to take the call. This time I'll report to Yamanouchi straight away. Things will be fine...!
Kaori: "Hello, what seems to be the problem?"
Sayuri: "........."
Hm? There's no response. She didn't collapse in her room, did she?!
Kaori: "Um... Miss Sakai? Are you all right?!"
Sayuri: "...Is that Miss Sawai?"
Kaori: "Huh? Yes, it is..."
Phew, she's not on the ground.
Sayuri: "...Please come to my room."
I hear the call end with a click. What could this be about?
Yasuko: "Hey, Sawai. Didn't a nurse call sound just now?"
Kaori: "Erm... It was from Miss Sakai..."
Yasuko: "Fancy that. So, what did Miss Me have to say?"
Kaori: "She told me to come to her room for some reason..."
Yamanouchi's face brightens.
Yasuko: "Well, ain't you lucky! A personal invitation!"
Kaori: "G-Geez... Don't tease me."
Miss Sakai's accepted my letter. I have no idea how she'll respond. Yamanouchi cheers me on to Miss Sakai's room. My nerves come at me all at once when I get to the door....Is it really okay for me to see Miss Sakai when I'm no longer responsible for her...? I have a bad feeling about this... A feeling that's screaming not to go in. But I want to go in. I want to go in, even if my gut is telling me not to. I steel myself with a deep breath. It's okay, right? Miss Sakai's the one asking me to go in, after all. And she's not accepting visitors, but it's okay because I'm staff, right...?
Sayuri: "......Come in."
Kaori: "U-Um... It's me, Sawai... Can I come in?"
Sayuri: "...It's open. Let yourself in."
I enter Miss Sakai's room. It's been ages since I've been in here......It's kind of nostalgic being back.
Sayuri: "...I'll cut to the chase: What's the meaning of this letter?"
Miss Sakai's voice is subdued. In her hand is the letter I wrote to her... Miss Sakai is utterly expressionless. Was my letter poorly received...?
Kaori: "...Meaning, like how...?"
Did sending the letter put her in a difficult spot? Did she close her heart off to me?
Sayuri: "...*Sigh*"
Sayuri: "...You need it spelled out for you, don't you?"
Sayuri: "Here's my response to your letter."
Miss Sakai sighs, her face blank as she tears my letter from top to bottom, clean in two.
Kaori: "........"
The shock leaves me speechless.
Sayuri: "I thought I made it clear there's no ‘us.' Don’t try pulling one of these clingy stunts again."
Kaori: "........."
Sayuri: "Waste of my time."
Did Miss Sakai read my letter? Did she reject my feelings having read the letter? Or did she tear the letter up without looking over a word of it? I don't understand what she's feeling... I leave Miss Sakai's room and stagger around the ward aimlessly. I can't face going back to the nurses station right now. And there'll probably be other patients on the roof... And the roof's been sealed off... Here should be fine. Not many people come through here at this time.
Kaori: "*Sob*... *sob*, *sob*......"
I crouch in a stairwell, burying my face in my knees.
Kaori: "*Sob*... *sob*... *sob*"
Will Miss Sakai ever understand how I feel? Was getting emotionally invested in her a waste? Am I wasting Miss Sakai's time? Are my feelings a waste of Miss Sakai's time?
Kaori: "*Sob*, *sob*, *sob*"
I cry under my breath in the stairwell for a while.
Yasuko: "I'm sorry, Sawai... I got the blow-by-blow from Miss Me herself..."
Yasuko: "This is my fault for pushing ya... I'm honestly sorry."
Kaori: "You're being silly... It's not your...fault."
Yasuko: "I'm sorry like all get out. I never thought her personality was a downright functional disorder..."
Kaori: "...I'm fine... Sorry. After I got you to be my messenger, and all."
Yasuko: "......*Sigh*"
Kaori: "*Sigh*..."
Shoot... Now I've upset Yamanouchi, too... What the heck is wrong with me?
Hatsumi: "We'll have trouble with the pair of you wandering the ward looking like that."
Hatsumi: "The night shifters will be here soon so shape up!"
Kaori: "Understood......"
At some point after reports Yamanouchi disappears. I stay to do voluntary overtime. Someone needs to deal with the outpatient slips, and it's not like I'm motivated to go back to my lonely room.
Nurse A: "Are you okay, Sawai? I appreciate the hand, but it could rain at any moment."
Kaori: "Oh, I'm fine. I live in the dorms, so I can jump in bath when I get back if I get soaked."
Nurse A: "Is that right? ...If you insist......"
It begins pouring immediately, just as the night shift nurse had predicted. I can move from here to the changing room staying almost dry, even without an umbrella. But the rainfall will completely soak me on the way from the changing room to the dorms.
Kaori: "........."
Everything irritates me. Even the thought of borrowing an umbrella. I just want to switch off. So my uniform will get soaked. Who cares? It would grind my gears if own clothes got soaked, but the uniform is a one-piece I can slip off. I dash out into the rain in my white uniform, my bag clutched in front of me. I'm soaked from head to toe in the cold rain. If only the rain would wash away all the gnawing unease muddying my heart......And these tears streaming down my cheeks. All of it. I duck into the dorm foyer. Something, perhaps the familiar sight, snaps me back to my senses. The fact that I've followed through on returning through the rain in my uniform takes on dimension. I'm vacant, disappointed in myself. I remembered to bring my bag with me, so I'll have no problem getting into my room...... But I'll get on people's nerves dripping all over the dorm.
???: "Hold on! You're soaked to the bone."
My vision is blanketed in white.
Kaori: "?!"
???: "I heard you were acting strange from a night nurse, so I went looking for you! You actually returned soaked in your uniform!?"
A white towel blocks my view, and the gentle scent of soap tickles my nose. I feel my head scrubbed dry. The hands working the towel are rough....But I can feel genuine concern behind the roughness. Oh no... I'm going to cry again...
???: "This should do it. No?"
The towel is pulled free. The Chief is right in front of me, looking faintly furious. She really is worried sick about me...
Hatsumi: "What were you thinking coming back soaked like that? Did you stop to consider what would happen if you caught a cold?"
Kaori: "........."
There's so much I want to say -- to convey. But the words don't come to me. The Chief looks me in the eye. Her face relaxes with hopeless optimism. Then, she giggles and takes my hand.
Hatsumi: "...You're such a handful. Come with me."
I silently follow the Chief's lead. Once we arrive at her apartment she leads me to the bathroom. The warmth of the shower pours down on us.
Hatsumi: "You're frozen stiff. You fool. What if you caught hypothermia?"
The Chief is in the shower with me.
Kaori: "...Chief... You'll get soaked, too..."
Hatsumi: "Don't you worry about me."
The pair of us stand in the shower, clothed under the warm water. She leans me towards her.
Kaori: "...Chief...?"
Hatsumi: "...Shush, quiet. Stay still..."
The sound of the shower. The feeling of the Chief's warm, soft hands stroking my hair, and caressing my skin through my clothes. I comfortably surrender myself to the Chief's hands.
Hatsumi: "...Have you warmed up a bit?"
Kaori: "......Yes..."
Oh, my mind's swimming.
Hatsumi: "Then move your hand..."
The Chief nimbly undoes the soaked uniform plastered to my body.
Kaori: "Chief...?"
Hatsumi: "Stripping down when near frozen can damage skin. I couldn't think of damaging my charge's pride and joy."
Kaori: "...Skin...?"
Hatsumi: "Truth be told I wanted to cut the fabric free with scissors, but this uniform is on loan for the first two years. If I sliced it to ribbons you'd have to rebuy it..."
Kaori: "........."
My mind is too numb to make sense of what the Chief is saying. But I know she warmed up under the shower, and is removing my uniform out of concern. I...let the Chief see me in my skin. The idea of feeling shame doesn't cross my mind. The uniform and underwear at my feet don't faze me in the slightest. The warmth of the Chief's palm testing my temperature feels right...
Kaori: "...So warm..."
The words speak themselves.
Hatsumi: "It wasn't just your body that was frozen solid, but your heart, too..."
She holds me close to her again. I can hear her pulse.
Hatsumi: "...It hurts having your feelings rejected."
Her warmth, her kindness and, most of all, her words bring me to tears.
Hatsumi: "I'm sorry I couldn't make space for you to cry in the ward. But you can cry your heart out here."
The voice seeps into my heart.
Kaori: "...It hurts..."
Just putting my unease into words brings it bubbling up from the depths of my heart.
Kaori: "...It hurts...so much..."
She embraces me, patting my shoulders for reassurance. My feelings overwhelm me.
Kaori: "*Sob*... *sob*, *sob*..."
I wrap my arms around the Chief's back.
Kaori: "Uh, uwaaan! I... Uwaaan!!"
I cling to the Chief under the striking shower water, bawling like I haven't since I was child. I cry myself hoarse into the Chief's chest, drowning out any thoughts of embarrassment or guilt. The shower ends. The Chief hands me a change of clothes. She must have fetched them from my room when she left me to soak in the warm tub after I'd cried myself numb. When I climb out of the bath the Chief also hands me a mug of piping hot honey milk. Warmth spreads through my veins.
Hatsumi: "Why walk through the rain?"
Kaori: "......"
...I want to say I wanted the rain to wash away the unease in my heart. But my mouth won't form the words. I'd figured getting my one piece uniform soaked would be easier to deal with that getting my personal clothes soaked. But instead, I was found by the Chief...and things escalated... Bawling into the Chief's arms allowed me to compose my fractured feelings. But it left me feeling barren....I suppose I'm getting tired of this. It's like fate has it in for me, derailing my motivation by some depressing accident every time I work up the will to try. No, who am I kidding? I could have always tried harder. But...maybe it's okay for me to complain just this once. I want to get all the thoughts and feelings trapped in my system, and flush them out... But...is the Chief the right person to tell them to? Will she become disillusioned with me? Or turn her back on me......?
Hatsumi: "It's okay. I'll won't spill your secrets to anyone. I'll keep them locked in my heart."
Hatsumi: "So...whenever you need to tell me, and whatever you need to tell me, I'll be here to listen."
Kaori: "........."
...Yes. I'll tell her everything. I've already humiliated myself in front of her. If she was going to be disillusioned with me or turn her back on me, she would have done it already. I decide to put all my thoughts and feelings, all of them, into words. I tell her about the episodes where I thought I'd established rapport with Miss Sakai. And about how my confidence was overturned when it crumbled. I tell her about how I tried to right wrongs with the letter I wrote. And how that letter was torn in two before my very eyes.
Hatsumi: "I see......"
The Chief lends an undivided ear. It's a small gesture, that goes a long way to easing my mind...
Kaori: "......Thank you for being here to listen."
Hatsumi: "If anything, I'm sorry that's all I can do for you."
Kaori: "Well, not...exactly."
I shake my head from side to side.
Kaori: "I was...scared of you at first. I mean, you like, you're perfect; there's no comeback to your lectures."
The Chief listens to my impertinent criticism serenely.
Hatsumi: "......I see."
I'm captivated by the Chief's all-encircling kindness. Oh no. I'm falling for the her...
Kaori: "But your room is cluttered, you saunter around the changing room in your underwear, and do kind things for me out of the blue..."
The Chief is my boss, and a much older woman, at that... But that can't stop these feelings.
Kaori: "The more of your unexpected sides...the more I..."
I love you. Would it be okay to tell her that? Will confessing just make trouble for her? How does the Chief feel about me?
Hatsumi: "The more...what?"
The Chief gaze narrows on me. Come out and say it. Don't tell her -- it's too embarrassing.
Kaori: "Er, errrn... Ch-Chief..."
Hatsumi: ".........?"
I love you.......... *Sigh* I can't say it after all. Urgh, what should I do? The Chief is looking at me expectantly...
Kaori: "I...I want to become an amazing, composed woman that people look up to. Like you..."
I settle on telling her things I've felt for the longest time, instead telling her that I love her. It's embarrassing, but it's still the truth. I wanted to tell her I love her. But I don't want to make trouble for the Chief....I don't think I could go on if she found my feelings a nuisance......
Hatsumi: "......"
The Chief looks like she's cringing. Did I say something weird?
Kaori: "Erm......"
Oh geez, I can feel my cheeks going red...
Kaori: "N-Never mind."
Hatsumi: "...*Sigh*..."
The Chief sighs deeply. Was she expecting me to say...what I think she was? ...No way, right?
Kaori: "Um, e...er... Chief......?"
My feelings for her and a trace of fear rise to the surface. I muster my courage and take the Chief's hand tightly in mine.
Kaori: "W-Will you continue guiding me from here on out......?"
The Chief giggles and squeezes back.
Hatsumi: "Of course I will."
Kaori: "Yes...!"
This must be what they mean by feeling like you're on cloud nine. I stare at the Chief's face, completely dazed. The Chief grins back at me.
Hatsumi: "I'll have you know I'm a strict teacher. I'll put you through a spartan regimen so make sure you don't fall behind."
Kaori: "I...I won't!"
Does this mean the Chief recognizes me?! Does this mean all the effort I put it wasn't in vain?!
Kaori: "I...I'll work harder, even harder than before! So please, teach me!!"
The Chief giggles at me holding up my cupped fists as if beseeching an oracle.
Hatsumi: "Within reason. I won't accept winding yourself out of the gate."
Kaori: "Understood!!"
A lot happened today. When I get back to my room I dive blissfully into bed. Being a nurse is tough gig, but having someone recognize the work you put in makes it worth it. I have to work harder. Harder than ever before! That'll impress the Chief!!
Hatsumi: "Come, that's enough irrational banter. Go back to your room when you've finished drinking."
Kaori: "Understood..."
She called me irrational. My feelings must be a nuisance to her after all. It's not right for me to feel this way about my boss.
Hatsumi: "While I'm at it, I was going to tell you this tomorrow, but Miss Sakai's transfer has been approved."
Kaori: "Wha--?!"
Hatsumi: "She'll be transferred to Teito University's hospital as she requested. There's limits to what we can treat here... It's a necessary measure."
Kaori: "......Right. If it's what the patient wants we can't saying anything to change it."
Kaori: "Miss Sakai wasn't satisfied with my nursing, and I wasn't able to provide the nursing she wanted. A transfer to the college affiliate hospital won't get any complaints from us."
Kaori: "I bet Miss Sakai's relieved that the transfer's been made official. I know I am, a little."
Hatsumi: "......"
The Chief stares at me, and then sighs again. What is this...ugly premonition I'm getting? I get the impression there's a wealth of meaning behind that sigh...
Hatsumi: "...Is that all patients mean to you?"
Kaori: "Hm?"
Hatsumi: "I had my suspicions, but what you said just now seals it."
Ch-Chief...?
Hatsumi: "You consider your job and patients something to be dealt with then and there. That's all."
Kaori: "Huh... That's not what I meant when I--!"
Hatsumi: "That lack of resolve is what rubbed Miss Sakai the wrong way. She's suspicious of people's motives as it is."
The empty mug in my hands is confiscated.
Hatsumi: "I can wash this. Good night."
The Chief turns her back to me.
Kaori: "........."
Have I been...shut out? I intuitively know that nothing I can say will get the Chief to look at me. I can feel the rejection emanating from her back. I...disappointed her...
Kaori: "U-Um... Thank you, for the honey milk."
Hatsumi: "......"
Kaori: "......"
The Chief doesn't look at or say anything to me during the time I get up and shut the door behind me.
Kaori: "........."
Why can't I convey my feelings properly? Every time I try to convey them I put my foot in my mouth... The same thing happened with Miss Sakai, and with the Chief... Am I not putting in enough effort? I think back to what the Chief said. She said something about Miss Sakai being suspicious of people's motives. I can't completely grasp what the Chief meant, but did she basically mean Miss Sakai didn't trust me to begin with, and was sizing me up? So did Miss Sakai do what she did because she judged me untrustworthy based on her observations? Whatever the reason, the truth remains that I rubbed Miss Sakai the wrong way, and that I was violently snubbed. I felt I was approaching my work earnestly, but this proves I was being naive......Still... Did my admiration for the Chief fail to resonate with her...? ...I must not have put enough effort into communicating my feelings. That must have been why the Chief gave me that icy glare. If our relationship can still be mended then I want her to see me approaching my job earnestly. This is something I need to commit to. I need to figure out what nursing means from a fresh perspective. I want the Chief to see the new, reborn me. If I can get her to do that I should be able to get her to recognize me, too.
====================scr00613.kgo====================
Kaori: "Senpai, have you seen Mr. Toi's medical record?"
Nagisa: "Yeah, it's on top of that x-ray. Sorry, can you shelve it when you're done?"
Kaori: "Sure."
I flip through Mr. Toi's reports when something hits me.
Kaori: "Huh? Mr. Toi was hospitalized after a cardiac arrest episode, but has dietary restrictions placed on him?"
Nagisa: "Huh? Think hard about this Sawai: what causes cardiac arrest?"
Kaori: "Err... Um..."
Nagisa: "......Arteriosclerosis of the coronary artery, remember?"
Kaori: "Oh, right, THAT!"
Kaori: "So, is there a link between cardiac arrest and arteriosclerosis?"
Senpai slams her fists down on the table.
Nagisa: "Hmph! Sawai, people will wonder if I taught you right if you spout amateur questions like that."
Kaori: "Huh? Really?! S-Sorry..."
Nagisa: "...Do you know why cardiac arrest occurs?"
Kaori: "Erm... When the heart isn't strong enough to pump blood and oxygen around the body it creates pain in the chest?"
Nagisa: "Hmm. Not quite. It's the result of the muscles in the heart experiencing oxygen deprivation due to difficulties in pumping oxygen."
Kaori: "Oh, right. THAT. That's what I was going to say!"
Nagisa: "......"
Senpai looks at me uncertainly. Aww, if I knew it would have mattered I would have studied harder at nursing school. I'm such an idiot!
Nagisa: "Okay, let's turn the question on its head. Why do oxygen delivery issues crop up?"
Kaori: "Erm... Because there's all sorts of stuff gunking up the blood vessels, making the passage for blood flow narrow?"
Nagisa: "And what do we call that state where the blood vessels walls are clogged with plaque?"
Kaori: "Blood vessel constriction... Oh! Arteriosclerosis!"
Nagisa: "Mr. Toi has a case of full-body arteriosclerosis. His blood vessels are already narrow, but sudden exercise can trigger plaque blockage on top of that."
Nagisa: "If that happens in a coronary artery then he'll have a cardiac infarction. I don't need to tell you that a cardiac infarction is potentially fatal, right?"
I gulp.
Nagisa: "As a preventative measure we cut excessive calorie intake and administer cholesterol suppressants to keep the patient's internal environment ticking."
Kaori: "Oh, enter meal restrictions. I can see why they're critical."
Hm? But didn't I see Mr. Toi sneaking some sweets in the other day? I should probably report that to Senpai...
Nagisa: "So you finally get it."
Kaori: "It's amazing how you broke it down so simply! You're a genius!!"
Nagisa: "Hmph, are you making fun of me? That's nursing 101! You're just a dummy!"
Kaori: "Whaaan!"
I shrug it off and jot Mr. Toi's vital figures on my palm... Hmm. His blood pressure is on the high side, but there's no changes in his condition...
Nagisa: "Oh, Sawai. You shouldn't just write ‘nothing of note’ in the report."
Urgh?! I was literally going to write that!
Kaori: "Do you have eyes in the back of your head?!"
She swats me with a body temperature chart.
Nagisa: "Of course not. I'm a witch!"
Yasuko: "Witch kind? See what I did there...?"
Kaori: "......"
I'm just going to pretend I didn't hear that!
Yasuko: "Whaaa, no one will be friends with me!"
Senpai's ignoring her, too. It will be okay if I ignore her, too, right?
Nagisa: "...B-Back on track! When you say ‘nothing of note’, compared to what? You can go ahead and write it, as long as you provide the context."
Kaori: "I get that, but...Mr. Toi seemed healthy to begin with. It's not like he complained of anything."
Nagisa: "If he's perfectly healthy then write that. You were drilled to report the unadulterated facts, right?"
Nagisa: "If his complexion is healthy write ‘healthy complexion', if he has an appetite note amount consumed and his impression of the meal."
Nagisa: "If he doesn't complain of anything write 'no complaints of chest pains’, etc."
Kaori: "Oh, right."
That makes sense.
Nagisa: "Factor in Mr. Toi's blood pressure. It's high, but stable. There's no way that passes for ‘nothing of note.’"
Kaori: "...You're right."
Senpai instructs me on various details from the back of the room. I fill in the chart exactly as she instructs. When I glance up at the clock I realize it's almost time to prep the evening IVs.
Nagisa: "Oh, should we get started with you-know-what?"
Kaori: "Oh sure. You mean the evening IVs?"
Nagisa: "Bingo. You're really getting the hang of this."
Kaori: "I've gotten pretty used to the routine."
I scan through the 4PM prescriptions, humming to myself. Some instructions on Miss Sakai's prescription to administer an unfamiliar drug catch my eye.
Kaori: "...Senpai?"
Nagisa: "What's up?"
Kaori: "Is Miss Sakai supposed to have an antipyretic added to her treatments?"
Nagisa: "Oh, yeah... She had a faint fever this morning. It was added to her prescription after the fact."
Kaori: "...So that's why."
...I'm worried about Miss Sakai... I glance away for a moment and notice Yamanouchi gawking at us.
Kaori: "Y-Yamanouchi?"
Yasuko: "Hm?"
Kaori: "What's wrong?"
Yasuko: "Hm? Aw, nothing... Just thinking you two've got a nice thing going."
Yasuko: "Senior-junior nursing school grads are normally at each other's throats."
Kaori: "Well, she's been my senpai since we were in high school. We've been tight like this ever since..."
Yasuko: "That's it there. That's what I'm talking about. Brings a tear to my eye! I'm green with jealousy!!"
Yasuko: "Say, Sawai. How about callin' me ‘Senpai’ all cute-like? And like, bat yer eyes and squirm while yer doing it?"
Yasuko: "And then hold out some chocolates, or a packed lunch or something, and be like ‘Good luck!’, before ya dash off someplace. How about it?"
Kaori: "...Exsqueeze me?"
Nagisa: "...What kind of fantasy's that?"
Yasuko: "It's innocent love! Innocent! Pure and simple, innocent love... That just happens to be my raunchy fantasy!"
Hmm. Yamanouchi technically IS my senpai here. But Nagisa is the only one that it feels right to call "Senpai."
???: "I'm all for old friends sharing a hidden language, but stick to common terminology, without abbreviation, in the work place so your colleagues can follow along."
What the--! I turn around to catch the Chief stepping out of the break room after her lunch. Geez, she's like a ninja...
Hatsumi: "Being thick as blood is wonderful, but that doesn't excuse sloppiness. Reducing the details to ‘you-know-what' is far from laudable practice. Wouldn’t you agree, Fujisawa?"
Nagisa: "S-Sorry...!"
Yasuko: "That's the basics for ya. In medicine ‘this', 'that', and 'you-know-what’ are mistakes waiting to happen."
Hatsumi: "If the concept is familiar to you, Yamanouchi, I request that you, as her ex-preceptor, instruct Fujisawa to the same effect."
...Whoa, Yamanouchi was Senpai's ex-preceptor?
Yasuko: "No, spare me!"
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi!"
Yasuko: "Yeah, yeah. I know."
Hatsumi: "Sawai, you too..."
The Chief redirects her gaze at me. I bow reflexively.
Hatsumi: "I would want to rely on Fujisawa in your shoes, too, but becoming dependent on her is out of the question."
Hatsumi: "Feel free to turn to other colleagues for help, as well. Learn to solve your problems yourself, instead of piggybacking on Fujisawa all the time."
Kaori: "I understand."
I hesitantly lift my head. The Chief is wearing an expression that's neither here or there. It's like she's... I don't know...at odds? Conflicted? Am I putting her in that difficult a situation? The Chief shifts back to her usual masked expression just as I open my mouth to ask.
Hatsumi: "Now, enough chatter. Return to your jobs."
Yasuko: "Ya know, maybe I will. The Chief's already wrung me out, anyhow."
Everyone disperses instantly.
Nagisa: "Sawai, what are you doing? We have the evening IVs to check."
Kaori: "Oh, right there."
What was up with the Chief just now...? Did she have something to say?
====================scr00614.kgo====================
Kaori: "I'm back."
Hatsumi: "Hello, internal medicine?"
The phone rings the moment I return to the nurses station. The Chief is on it before I even have time to be surprised......Her expression gets darker with each passing second. Has something...happened?
Hatsumi: "Yes... Yes. It's our fault. We'll bring her down immediately. Please have the machines ready."
Yasuko: "Hey y'all. I'm back and...what in the world are those wrinkles on the Chief's forehead?! Her face will get stuck like that!"
Hatsumi: "......Yamanouchi. What's happening with Mrs. Amino's MRI?"
Yasuko: "...Ah!"
The color runs out of Yamanouchi's face. I stumble up beside Yamanouchi and bow deeply. Really deeply.
Kaori: "I'm sorry. Yamanouchi told me to make sure I did it! It slipped my mind until just now. I'm really sorry!!"
Yasuko: "Sawai...?"
The Chief sighs in disbelief.
Hatsumi: "...Sawai. The other departments are coping, despite being busy. A slip of the mind will not be tolerated."
Kaori: "Of course. I'm sorry!"
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi, assist with bringing Mrs. Amino down."
Yasuko: "Yes'am! Let's get this show on the road!"
Yasuko: "Hey...ya mind telling me why ya covered for me back there?"
Kaori: "Because..."
So you owe me one... To repay you.
Kaori: "So you owed me one, for once..."
Yasuko: "...Owed you...?"
Yamanouchi's jaw drops. When she picks it up again cackling.
Yasuko: "Oh no, the newbie didn't..."
Kaori: "You're always doing favors for me."
Yasuko: "So, I scratch your back, you scratch mine?"
Kaori: "Yes. Exactly."
Yasuko: "That's rich, coming from a newbie."
Kaori: "It could only come from a newbie."
Yasuko: "Say what?"
Kaori: "You saw how the Chief forgave me in a heartbeat because I'm a newbie, right?"
Yamanouchi whacks me on the head.
Yasuko: "Ya dummy. She knows this was my screwup. She was just entertaining your apology."
Kaori: "What?! No way!"
So I rustled up the courage to lie for nothing?!
Yasuko: "But... Thanks, all the same. I'm glad ya did -- even if the Chief didn't buy a penny of it."
Kaori: "Geez...!"
Yamanouchi's always clowning around!
====================scr00615.kgo====================
I'm almost back at the nurses station after dealing Miss Sakai's nurse call when I stop dead in my tracks.
Kaori: "Hmm...?"
I get the feeling I'm forgetting to do something really important...or am I? I'm pretty sure I can get around to it whenever I remember what it is. But what was it? Oh well. Think until it hits you. I can always do it when I remember whatever it was.
Kaori: "I'm back!"
Yasuko: "Welcome back! How was Mr. Ryu in room 301's urinary flow?"
Kaori: "Uri...nury?!"
Ah, that's what it was! Yamanouchi told me to check Mr. Ryu's urinary flow when I left the nurses station!!
Yasuko: "Oh honey, ya got nerves of steel forgetting to indulge my request until the last minute."
Kaori: "S-S-S-Sorry!!"
Yasuko: "Well, I'd hate to send you packing just as you got back Sawai, but you best hoof it to Mr. Ryu's room and check his urinary flow."
Kaori: "Yesh! I'm on it!!"
Urgh, I'm running around in circles today...! Oooh, there was definitely something I had to do!!
Kaori: "Ah! Checking Mr. Ryu's urinary flow!!"
Yamanouchi asked me to check Mr. Ryu's urinary bag when I left the nurses station to handle Miss Sakai's nurse call. Thank goodness I remembered what it was! She would have eaten me alive if I forgot!!
Kaori: "I'm back!!"
Yasuko: "Welcome back! How was Mr. Ryu's urinary flow?"
Kaori: "Pegged it at 650!"
Yasuko: "D'aw, how sweet of ya to remember my request. Who's a good girl?"
She embraces over the shoulders and gives my hair a tussle.
Yasuko: "You're a good girl, that's who. Here's a head rub for your reward."
Kaori: "...Whau?"
Senpai doesn't touch me like this. Part of me's flustered, but the other finds the sensation mildly pleasurable.
Nagisa: "I'm back -- Hey Yamanouchi! What's going on here?!"
Yasuko: "I'm rewarding a cute, hardworking girl's efforts. Butt out."
Senpai claws her way in and tears me from Yamanouchi.
Nagisa: "Cut it out! What if she contracts your...peculiarities?!"
Yasuko: "Whoa there, Fujisawa. That's fighting talk. Ya calling me a pervert?"
Nagisa: "Do you deny it?"
Yasuko: "Aw, hell naw!"
Kaori: "Someone please deny it!!"
Wait, did I say that?
Hatsumi: "...Your sexual preferences are immaterial. Perhaps you can do some work while you're being paid?"
The Chief's reprimand drags me back to my senses. Both Yamanouchi and Senpai go back to filling in records as if nothing had ever happened. I need to learn how to switch gears like them, like yesterday...
Hatsumi: "That goes for you, too, Sawai. You're not done with records yet, are you?"
Kaori: "Ah!!"
I hurriedly pull out Miss Sakai's medical chart and begin filling in details of the recent nurse call response.
Kaori: "......"
I sneak a peek at Yamanouchi just as she is sneaking one at me.
Yasuko: "............"
I surprise myself by turning red. I try studying the floor instead. What's happening to me...? My face is...burning...
====================scr00616.kgo====================
When I turn up to work the Chief and Senpai are in discussion, their expressions heavy.
Hatsumi: "...You're absolutely certain about this?"
Nagisa: "Yes. Training Sawai has taught me how lacking my expertise is."
Kaori: "Hwha?"
Why is my name being dropped in this conversation?
Nagisa: "I've asked myself what would be best for the me, and the patients...and I've decided to stand down as Sawai's preceptor."
Kaori: "S-Senpai?!"
Nagisa: "...Chief, be brutally honest: you didn't think I was cut out to be a preceptor to start with, did you?"
Nagisa: "You made me a preceptor as a last ditch effort to motivate me when I couldn't care less about my job."
Hatsumi: "......"
The Chief simply smiles a fraction, neither confirming or denying. Then she looks me in the eye with an expression beyond my limited experience to comprehend.
Hatsumi: "Is this all right with you, Sawai?"
Kaori: "Whaugh? Wh-What do you mean?"
Nagisa: "I've decided to stand down as your preceptor. I've learned the hard way that I'm not experienced enough to take on a trainee."
Kaori: "Huh...?"
She's tells me she's standing down as my preceptor with a look of relief, while my mind is racing to process what's happening. Is this...my fault? Did I slow Senpai down because I'm so bad at picking things up?
Yasuko: "Top of the morning, y'all. Today we've got full house. Boobs of all shapes and sizes. What a sight to behold!"
Hatsumi: "To summarize, Yamanouchi will be taking over as Sawai's preceptor in Fujisawa's stead. I want everyone to have their backs."
Yasuko: "......Hold on, now?"
Hatsumi: "Everyone's here. Let's begin re--"
Yasuko: "Hold on a darn tootin' minute! What-What with the what now?!"
Yamanouchi is uncharacteristically out of sorts.
Hatsumi: "We have no other choice."
Hatsumi: "There are no regular nurses other than you in this ward to take Fujisawa's place."
Hatsumi: "Or are you suggesting I should be Sawai's preceptor? While juggling ward chief duties?"
Yasuko: "...No... Um..."
Kaori: "......"
I glance away from Yamanouchi, at Senpai. She smiles broadly. Her lips form a wordless apology. I remember how excited she was at the idea of working together when she was named my preceptor. So for her to resolve to stand down must have been a difficult decision.
Yasuko: "...Yer not exactly giving me the choice to say no here."
Hatsumi: "I'm sorry it's come to this, I am."
Yasuko: "...Tch. Fine... I WILL do it in exchange for groping your humongous boobs. Ya have a deal."
Hatsumi: "I take it you want me to report that as sexual harassment?"
Yasuko: "Guh...! Okay, okay, okay! I, Yamanouchi, shall adhere to disciplining Sawai with all due earnestness!"
Kaori: "D-Discipline?!"
Hatsumi: "Approved. If you can make an A-class nurse out of a newbie I'll approve whatever means you deem necessary."
Kaori: "Whaaaa?!"
Hatsumi: "Additionally, Miss Sakai's blood data has seen an increase. Sawai, will you re-assume responsibility for her?"
Kaori: "Huh...?"
I'm momentarily unable to make sense of the words. I look to Senpai, and then to my new preceptor, Yamanouchi, for meaning.
Yasuko: "It's yer call whether ya want to go back getting yer daily dose of vitriol."
Nagisa: "Still, it's good news that she's healthy enough to throw shade at people again."
I nod, preempted by the two of them.
Kaori: "It is! I'll do my best!!"
====================scr00617.kgo====================
I carefully stake out a stairwell where there's no one around. A child from room 306 passed a letter on to me in the hall a moment ago. The only thing written on it is "I'll be waiting on the roof". I didn't ask who it was from, but...
Kaori: "...Who else?"
Ami is leaning on the fencing around the roof. Her back is to me, but I can assume she's looking out to sea. Strangely enough, the forteleu she always brings up to the roof with her isn't at her side. My mischievousness gets the better of me: I tiptoe up behind her and cover her eyes.
Ami: "!!"
Kaori: "Guess who!"
Ami: "K-K-K-K-K-Kaorin?!"
The energy in her voice elicits a giggle from me. When Ami plies my hands off and turns to face me she is flushed red up to the neck.
Kaori: "Did I surprise you that much? You've gone red as lobster."
Ami: "I...I...I...I'm red because...the sky is blue, and the clouds are white...!!"
Kaori: "Ami... That doesn't make any sense."
Ami: "S-Sorry. I'm being weird. Please, brand me a pervert."
Kaori: "No, I'm not saying..."
She's amped up to eleven and then some. Let's try changing the topic until she calms down.
Kaori: "You don't have your forteleu with you. I thought you were joined at the hip. The mood not taking you today?"
Ami: "........."
H-Huh? She deflates like a balloon.
Ami: "...It's not going the way it should. You'd think she'd notice..."
Kaori: "Huh, notice what?"
Ami: "...Kaorin, do people ever tell you you're dense? ...Not that I'm one to speak."
Kaori: "Hmm... Senpai and Yamanouchi make fun of me for it pretty often."
Ami: "......"
Ami leans back on the fence, her chin in her hands, with a cringing smile... I'm at a loss to explain the smile.
Ami: "*Sigh* Then, I'll...!"
I see her back twitch. She staggers a couple steps back, away from the fence.
Kaori: "Ami?"
Ami turns around slowly at the mention of her name. Her complexion is horribly pale.
Kaori: "Ami, what's wrong? Your face has gone pale."
Ami: "N-Nothing's wrong..."
Kaori: "It doesn't look like nothing. The wind's still chilly. Let's go back to your room."
Ami: "I...I don't want to. I want to stay here for a while!"
It's rare for Ami to directly refuse someone. She must really want to stick around on the roof...
Ami: "K-Kaorin. Pet me, please!"
Kaori: "Wha... Here...?"
Right now there's only the two of us. But there's no telling when another patient might show up...
Ami: "Please! I'm in pain!"
Ami dives into my embrace. Her weight makes me teeter a step. My waist strikes the fence, sending a chill up my spine. I don't even want to think what might have happened if the fence wasn't there...or if it gave way. For a moment I entertain the idea of having the Chief arrange for the fence to be repaired....No... Let's not. Defeats the point of asking her if it ends up sealed off limits, instead.
Ami: "K-Kaorin..."
I feel the tinge of Ami's body heat through her pajamas.
Kaori: "Why not return to your room if you're in pain...?"
Ami: "...Please... Just for a little longer... Stay like this, just a little longer..."
Ami voice is strained with tears... What's the right thing to do in this situation? Prioritize her health and return to her room. Stay as is until she calms down.
Kaori: "Girls shouldn't stay out in the cold. Especially if they're hospitalized patients, like you. As a nurse I can't spoil you in good conscience."
I try being firm.
Ami: "Y-You're right. Sorry, I was being selfish..."
Ami looks ready to break down into tears. She staggers away from me, opens the door that lead onto the roof, and disappears behind the other side. I feel sure I made the right call... But I might have hurt her doing it....Hmm... Girls can be difficult...
Kaori: "How can I say no to a teary face like that?"
Ami squeezes me, and I squeeze back. She visibly calms down at having her back gently stroked.
Ami: "...I don't want to get you in trouble... I'm sorry...for being selfish..."
Kaori: "You've been hospitalized for ages. Who wouldn't get a little selfish from time to time...?"
Ami: "...Kaorin..."
Kaori: "What?"
Ami: "...Kaorin..."
Kaori: "Yes, what?"
Ami: "...I just wanted to say your name... Kaorin..."
Kaori: "Oh...well, if you call me name, I've got to respond. Hi! You called?"
Ami clings to me ever tighter.
Ami: "...So warm."
And buries her face in my chest. She nuzzles me like a kitten in search of comfort. My heart swells with bittersweet affection.
Kaori: "Yeah. People's skin is always warmer than you expect, right?"
Ami: "I want to stay like this forever..."
Kaori: "Yeah... But you'd better get back to your room soon. I bet they're turning the hospital upside-down to find you."
Ami: "......"
Ami lets go of me and puffs her face like a pouting blowfish. Hm? Did I say something weird again?
Ami: "You're so dense!"
Kaori: "Whawhu?"
Fortunately, her anger immediately gives way to a smile and laughter.
Ami: "...But you wouldn't be so gosh darn adorable if you weren't dense."
Kaori: "...A-Adorable..."
Now she's calling me "adorable"... Girls ARE difficult at this age. Still...I'm happy Ami's in a good mood again.
Kaori: "I'm back!"
Hatsumi: "Sawai, have you seen Miss Asada?"
The Chief trots towards me. Did Ami have a check scheduled or something?
Kaori: "A-Ami was with me until just a minute ago..."
Hatsumi: "I see..."
The Chief's disappointed reaction raises an eyebrow.
Kaori: "...What's wrong?"
Nagisa: "A friend of hers was waiting at her room just now."
Yasuko: "Even the Chief doesn't get off on sending young girls back to their rooms in tears. I bet ya like 'em young, eh Chief?"
Hatsumi: "This conversation is not about me. Are you done with your records? The night shifters will be here soon."
The Chief makes me feel guilty about what I did to Ami. I feel bad for Ami, and the friend that came to see her.
====================scr00699.kgo====================
Ultimately... Miss Sakai transferred to Teito University's hospital. Though my stress has gone down without anyone to hurl constant insults at me......part of me wonders if this was the best ending. As long as I was taking care of her, she couldn't get the kind of service she wants, and this hospital doesn't have the equipment to give her the treatment she needs.
Nagisa: "Sawai, what're you spacing out for?"
Senpai's voice brings me back to my senses.
Kaori: "Oh...sorry, it's nothing."
I look up to see the Chief looking right at me.
Nagisa: "Th-Then I'll get to doing rounds through the rooms..."
Noticing the Chief's eyes, Senpai hurried out of the room. She slowly stands up and approaches me....I-Is she going to say something to me...?
Hatsumi: "You're not my *** anymore."
She says that as she passes by.
Kaori: "Wh...?"
What did she say just now? The Chief leaves the nurses station, without turning back to answer.
Kaori: "......"
What's this rumbling in my chest...? I feel like I missed something important in that sentence.
Kaori: "!!"
The nurse call rings. The calls will never wait on you, no matter what you're going through....I may want to think about something, but the patients aren't going to care about that.
Kaori: "Hello, what seems to be the issue?"
When work ends, I find myself stopping on the way home. What can I do for the patients? Will I be able to become a real nurse someday? One that my coworkers and patients can trust? And... Will I get a partner someday? Who I trust and trusts me? Someone I can let my walls down around...?
====================scr00701.kgo====================
I slowly open my eyes.           I'm in a quiet place. A place with nothing.         There's a girl standing in front of me.              I don't know her. Her face looks somewhat familiar, but I can't remember where I've seen her.           She's just staring at me,           this elementary school-aged girl.     ...No,     she's not staring.     She's glaring.              With a scary, harsh face.         She looks like she wants to say something,         but she makes no effort to.         Why?         Why do I feel such anxiety in my heart?
Kaori: "...Who are you?"
???: "I am you. The me that's always lived inside of you."
Kaori: "...?"
She speaks in riddles. I have no idea what she means. But, this voice... Is that the voice that calls out to me in my dreams...?
???: "Don't worry about me. As long as you're happy...that's all I need....But..."
Kaori: "...But?"
???: "......"
Tears start to roll down the girl's cheeks as she falls silent.
Kaori: "Wh-What's wrong? Did I say something I shouldn't have?!"
???: "...No. I'm crying because..."
Kaori: "......"
My eyes shoot open. I'm in...my room....Then who was that girl? Did I just dream her up? Why was she crying? I wanted to hear why she was crying, but I woke up right before I could...
Kaori: "All right...let's get up."
I'm curious about that girl in my dream, but I've got to focus on work for now! I'm on the day shift today, too. And the patients are waiting for me! ...Or, I think they are.
Kaori: "...All right, time to wash my face and start the day!"
I pump myself up, let out a big stretch, and head for the sink. And then...
Kaori: "......"
My eyes go wide when I look at the mirror above the sink....The girl from my dream is there. She's staring at me from the mirror....No, that's not quite right. To be more exact, a face that I'd imagine that girl would grow up to have is staring back at me. Why hadn't I noticed before? Even though she looks so much like me? But...why...?
Kaori: "......!"
I don't want to think about of this, so I wash my face quickly. No longer in charge of Miss Sakai, my work is all errands now. We call it "free work"
sometimes, but I'm an errand girl -- there's no two ways about it. And you know, I realize this now after being on the job for a while, but being a nurse...or, more precisely, working in a hospital ward is a lot of errands. And they're surprisingly important. Helping out coworkers, writing reports of care performed, going back and forth to the outpatient ward with forms, records, x-ray scans or test results in hand. Being assigned to and taking care of a patient one on one is great, but doing behind the scenes jobs like this lets me see how the whole ward works. It's pretty interesting in its own way. Since I'm no longer in charge of Miss Sakai, I've gotten the hang of quite a few of the general jobs I have to do, and since I can see how the ward works, I've started to see how interesting nursing is. Am I starting to come into my own?
Hatsumi: "Sawai, about the communications about Mr. Gorin's x-ray..."
Kaori: "I've passed on word to both the x-ray room and the patient."
Hatsumi: "I see, thank you."
The Chief smiles brightly at me. Wh-Whoa... It's such a beautiful smile that I can't look directly at it. I'm going to blush if I'm not careful...
Kaori: "O-Oh, not at all... I'm just glad I could come through for you a little, Chief."
Managing the entire ward is the Chief's job. But you could say that that's mostly errands, too. Which means that if I do a lot of miscellaneous work around the hospital, that'll lighten the Chief's load and give her an easier time! It feels great to be useful to someone you really care about!
Kaori: "Oh, I'll get it."
Hatsumi: "Thank you."
Kaori: "Hello, what seems to be the problem?"
Sayuri: "...My IV is about to run out..."
Kaori: "Got it. I'll let your nurse know, so please hold on for a moment."
I hang up the nurse call and check the IV bottles. Then, I just need to get Yamanouchi to go change them. I'd want to go and do it myself, if I were allowed. I want to go and talk with her, maybe get along a little better. But I'm no longer in charge of her, and a new nurse like me has no business going into the room of a patient with a disease as serious as Miss Sakai's.
Hatsumi: "...How about you go to replace her IV?"
Kaori: "Me?"
Hatsumi: "Her white blood cell count has gone up a little, and as long as you're careful about infections, you won't do any harm with a simple bottle switch."
Hatsumi: "You've been working really hard lately. With the improvements you've shown, you can handle replacing Miss Sakai's IV."
I repeat the Chief's words in my mind, over and over.
Kaori: "...Wait, does that mean I can go to Miss Sakai's room?"
Hatsumi: "That's exactly what I'm saying....I'm sure she'll give you a good tongue-lashing, but if you think you can handle that..."
Kaori: "Yes, ma'am! I'll be off!"
I interrupt her, grab the bottle, and leave the station.
Kaori: "La-la-la..."
Why am I so happy to do something as simple as switch an IV bottle?
Sayuri: "......"
No, it's not just that I'm changing the bottle. It's that the Chief's acknowledged me -- that's what's so great. I mean, this might have just been a fluke, but she's going to keep leaving more work to me, right? Which means I'll win her trust, bit by bit. And when I think of it like that, well, no matter which patient I'm sent to care for, I'll be able to interact with them with gratitude in my heart!
Sayuri: "......"
Kaori: "La-la-la... Hello, Miss Sakai! The weather's wonderful today, isn't it? And the wind from the window is wonderful, too!"
Sayuri: "...How unsettling. What's gotten into you...?"
Sayuri's poison barbs and disgust have no effect on me! Even if I can't get through to her heart now, even if she tears up the letter I put my heart into... If I become a real nurse, a proud nurse, the day should come when I can finally get through to her. So I've got to keep at it and talk to her! I can't afford to get all depressed! I have to meet the Chief's expectations, and I want to get even a little closer to Miss Sakai, so there's plenty of things I need to do!
Kaori: "I'm back!"
Yasuko: "My, my, ya got yer private life on display for all t'see! Look at ya, Sawai, makin' the face of a girl in love!"
Urgh, Yamanouchi is smirking at me......I wonder if she found out that I was skipping through the hallway....And wait, am I really making a face like that?
Kaori: "N-No way, right, Senpai?"
I turn to Senpai nearby, but...
Nagisa: "She's just glad you look like you're having fun. Don't take everything she says so seriously."
Kaori: "Hmm, well, every day is pretty fun..."
But that's no reason for Yamanouchi to tease me like that! And Senpai's reaction was pretty weird, too. But, you know... A nurse is a nurse even after hours, especially a greenhorn like me! I've got to study hard and take those steps to being a cool nurse like the Chief! So today, I'm studying about electrocardiography. The Chief told me that plenty of veteran nurses have a lot of trouble with electrocardiographs, so studying them while I'm new will give me a powerful tool in my arsenal.
Kaori: "Er, let's see...when the P wave is out as normal, but there's no QRS complex, that means..."
Let me think...
Kaori: "...An atrioventricular block...?"
Kaori: "Huh? ...Coming!"
Nagisa: "...G-Good evening."
Kaori: "S-Senpai?! Is something wrong?"
She always barges into my room in pajamas, but today she's in her regular clothes...?
Nagisa: "...I just wanted to...talk with you for a while. If it's...not too much trouble...?"
She looks at me with worried eyes. She seems kind of different from usual...
Kaori: "It's no trouble at all! Come on in!"
I try hard to sound cheerful, take Senpai into my room, and bring out chilled beers.
Nagisa: "......"
Senpai, however, just stares at the can of beer and makes no motion to pick it up.
Kaori: "Um...Senpai?"
For someone who wants to talk, she sure isn't saying anything.
Kaori: "Um...is something wrong?"
What do I do? I've never seen Senpai like this before, I don't know what to do.
Nagisa: "It sure was fun back then..."
Kaori: "Back then...?"
Nagisa: "Remember when we snuck some newly-released snacks in the student council room and ate them when no one was looking?"
Nagisa: "I knew it was against school rules to bring them in, but I really wanted to eat them with you."
Nagisa: "But we got unlucky...the first time, our club's teacher caught us and yelled our ears off..."
Kaori: "Oh, I remember that."
Our teacher didn't even have any business in the student council room. He'd just wandered in on a whim. And that's how our first secret was found out. Could you have worse luck than that...?
Nagisa: "So since then, he'd keep roaring at me. ‘How could the student council president break school rules like that?!’ Boy, I heard that one until I graduated."
Kaori: "Tell me about it. After you graduated, he started to get on my case about it."
I find myself in a drinking mood and open a can of beer in front of her.
Nagisa: "Y'know, I was always sorry that I dragged you into that..."
Senpai giggles a little and finally reaches for her beer.
Nagisa: "Really, I didn't want to graduate and leave you behind..."
Kaori: "You were sobbing after your graduation ceremony. You said you really didn't want to graduate."
Nagisa: "...Yeah..."
H-Huh? Senpai falls silent again, looking a bit down. Did I say something weird? Did I step on another land mine? Senpai takes some gulps of her beer and looks right at me.
Nagisa: "Hey, Sawai. Do you...like the Chief?"
Kaori: "Huh...?"
It's a surprisingly blunt question. How should I answer her...? Be honest. Avoid answering. I shouldn't squirm out of an answer...
Kaori: "I do."
I nod with a smile. I'm sorry, Senpai. I know she wants me to deny it. But even knowing that, I want to tell her how I feel. I loved Senpai most of all -- this is the least I can do for her.
Kaori: "Yeah...I do like the Chief."
Kaori: "I look up to her as a nurse, but that's not all. I like her in that way."
Nagisa: "...Hmph, you sure came out and said it!"
She sounds cheerful, but there are tears in her smile. All I can do...is pretend not to notice. I can't be honest about this -- that might make trouble for the Chief.
Kaori: "C-Come on..."
Nagisa: "You think you're hiding it?"
She scoffs at me.
Nagisa: "I can tell just by looking at you! How many years do you think I've known you, Sawai?!"
Kaori: "Owie!"
She flicks my forehead. My vision blurs as my forehead throbs. But I can still make out Senpai, smiling with a face like she's going to cry. Then, as if trying to hide how she feels, she quickly gulps down her beer.
Nagisa: "...I guess the Chief stole you away, then..."
Kaori: "......"
Nagisa: "And I found you first, too. That bites..."
Senpai puts her empty can on the table and picks up another can. Then, she takes a big gulp. I just silently watch her empty the can. She empties the whole thing before my eyes.
Nagisa: "I'll have another."
But she makes no move to drink after she opens the next can. Instead, she lets out a big sigh and looks at me with tearful eyes.
Nagisa: "...But, well...can't be helped, right? I couldn't become an example for you...not as your senpai, and not as a nurse."
Kaori: "Senpai......"
Nagisa: "...Make sure the Chief trains you hard, all right?"
She ruffles my hair.
Nagisa: "She's a model nurse. She can teach you all the things I can't..."
With that, she stands up. And as she does, I catch a glimpse of her violently rubbing her eyes.
Nagisa: "I'll keep this, okay?"
With her back still turned to me, she holds up the beer in her hand.
Kaori: "Senpai...!"
Nagisa: "I'm going to be a real mean drunk if I keep this up, so I'll down the rest in my room....Good night."
Kaori: "......"
Senpai goes off. And I couldn't stop her. I just stand there in my empty room, at a loss. When the door closes, I deeply bow my head to Senpai, even though she isn't there. I start studying again, but I just can't get into it... When this happens, it's best to just go to sleep, wake up early tomorrow, and continue from there. Yeah, I think I'll do that. I'll set my alarm for 6 tomorrow and just go to sleep for now... I start setting my alarm...
Kaori: "Uwah?!"
...but my phone starts to vibrate in my hands. Talk about timing! As I reach to pick up the phone I actually threw away, a spark of fear shoots through me. What if this is another prank call? But the Chief said she'd solved the case, and the prank calls and messages totally stopped after that. And I stopped seeing that suspicious person, too. So...it'll be okay! I squeeze out my courage and pick up the phone that's been ringing. I look at the window. , Hatsumi Otsuka.
Kaori: "Otsuka...Ch-Chief?!"
A mixture of disbelief and excited hope roils in my heart as I press the button.
Kaori: "H-Hello...?!"
Hatsumi: "Ahh, you finally answered the phone... *Giggle*"
Kaori: "Ugyah?! I-It IS you, Chief!"
Hatsumi: "My. Well, it is unexpectedly adorable to hear such a comical shout coming from someone as cute as you, but I do want to hear something even ‘cuter’ from you from you. *Chuckle*"
Kaori: "C-Cute...?M-Me...? I..."
Hatsumi: "*Giggle* You really are cute. I just can't get enough of those reactions of yours."
Kaori: "Ch-Chief?"
The Chief is giggling away on the other side of the line. Is she...drunk...?
Kaori: "U-Um, Chief, are you...drinking, at the moment?"
Hatsumi: "When they said cheese goes well with wine, they weren't kidding! This microwave stuff makes such a good snack...*giggle*..."
Kaori: "...I...I see..."
Oh my. She's completely smashed. Now that's rare, for the Chief. She does everything perfectly, and she's always standing up straight...physically and literally. Or, so I thought, but that's not actually the case. She lives in a messy room, she can never clean up, she's possessed by the spirit of hoarding, she's a little noisy, and she's REALLY obsessed with nursing, but she's so nice when she smiles......And she's the woman I love.
Hatsumi: "Hey, why're you all quiet? Phones are tools meant for conversations -- and we can't have one if you stay quiet."
Kaori: "W-Well, yeah, but...Chief, you sound like you're drunk, so I think you should go to sleep early."
Hatsumi: "You don't need to tell me to go to sleep, I will. But can't you just talk with me, even a little?"
...Oh. Is she pouting, now? I didn't know the Chief had this side to her... When I think that way, I suddenly feel like we have a lot in common.
Hatsumi: "...*Giggle* You have a really great senpai, you know that?"
Kaori: "I what?"
Hatsumi: "Nothing. I'm sorry, calling you this late. I just wanted to hear your voice."
I can't believe my ears. Is it just me, or did she say she wanted to hear my voice...? She did, didn't she?!
Hatsumi: "Well, good night. You're on the day shift tomorrow, too, aren't you? Make sure you get enough rest."
Kaori: "Wait, Chi...ahh!"
She just said what she wanted and hung up when I was about to say something. That's no fair. But... I do appreciate that she called me when she got drunk. I'd registered her number in my phone just in case, and I'd given up, figuring she wouldn't call me in private, so I'm really happy that she did. I mean, it isn't like her, but...I can't but help that doing those kinds of things is cute. I think I might be terminally in love with the Chief... But I can't really measure up to her as I am now, so I've got to study and become someone worthy of her! I've got studying to do tomorrow, so it's time to sleep early!
====================scr00702.kgo====================
......              I'm dreaming again.      A sullen-looking girl stands before me.
???: "..."
It seems like she's mad at me for some reason....And yet...
Kaori: "Umm... Are you mad about something...by any chance?"
???: "What do you think? If I look angry then I just might be."
Umm...?
Kaori: "So, are you angry or not?"
???: "Well, if I don't look angry then that makes you quite naive."
Well, what am I supposed to say now...?
Kaori: "I-If you keep speaking in riddles like that then this conversation isn't going to go anywhere, you know?"
???: "And who says I'm here to have a conversation with you?"
OK, now I'm becoming a little irritated myself.
Kaori: "Well then, just let me ask you something very simple. Who are you? And what are you doing in my dream?"
Annoyed, I bark my question at her a little more harshly than I usually would.
???: "..."
The girl's face immediately falls into sadness....Oh, now I feel guilty.
Kaori: "H-Hey, I'm not trying to attack you. I just don't understand why you're here..."
???: "..."
Kaori: "I know you, don't I? You're here in my dream because you have something to tell me, right?"
???: "..."
Kaori: "Please, just tell me! You know who I am, don't you?"
Kaori: "I feel like I know you from somewhere, too. But even though I should know who you are, I can't place you at all. Something weird is going on here!"
Kaori: "Why?! It feels like there must be a reason why even though this all about me, I have no idea what's going on. It's like something is being hidden from me!"
I have absolutely no reason to think that way. And I don't understand what is going on, but I feel like "something"
inside of me is telling me so.
???: "..."
Kaori: "I bet you know the reason for that, too! I bet you do, don't you? Why won't you answer me?!"
Seemingly on the brink of tears, she just stares at me silently.
Kaori: "You know exactly what's going on, don't you?! Look, I'm begging you, just tell me what you know!"
And just like that... The girl suddenly disappears.
Kaori: "*Gasp*"
My eyes snap open. I'm back in my room... I still know nothing... What's the deal with that dream? What does that girl want to tell me? Even after my shift begins, I can't stop thinking about that dream and the girl who was in it.
Yasuko: "The pharmacist just hollered to say that the replacement medicine's ready. Would you be a darlin' and go grab it for me, Sawai?"
Kaori: "...Hmm..."
Yasuko: "Sawai?"
Kaori: "...*Sigh*..."
Yasuko: "Darn it, looks like Sawai's broken. Ya mind, Fujisawa?"
Nagisa: "Oh, sure. From the hospital pharmacy, right?"
Nagisa: "Hey, Sawai! Have you checked up on Mrs. Amino's pupils?"
Kaori: "Come again...?"
The gears of my mind begin to grind as Senpai flags me down. Mrs. Amino...?
Nagisa: "Oh, for heaven's sake! You were supposed to have been recording Mrs. Amino's level of consciousness and pupil dilation since yesterday, weren't you?!"

Kaori: "Err... Oh...!"
That's right! The brain tumor has grown dramatically. It's putting pressure on Mrs. Amino's brain, so she's less conscious than before. If I have it right, a DNR order has been issued, but I still have to record the degree of pressure that the tumor is exerting on the brain, so I need to check how much her pupils are dilated and her level of consciousness, right? I also vaguely recall Senpai telling me to go and check on Mrs. Amino's pupils if I was heading to Room 301 earlier...
Kaori: "I-I'm sorry! I'll head over their right away!"
Nagisa: "Wait, it's fine, I'm free at the moment anyway. I'll go and do it, so you just do what it is that you are supposed to be doing."
Senpai hurries away. Oh, that was totally my bad...
Kaori: "...*Sigh*... I can't do anything right today..."
Yasuko: "Hey now...! Sawai, if you're in there, do ya reckon you can at least pick up some of those calls we've got comin' in?!"
Kaori: "Huh?!"
Yasuko: "Hello, sorry to keep you waiting, what seems to be the problem?"
She might be answering her calls cheerfully, but Yamanouchi's glare is full of ire.
Yasuko: "Okie dokie, I'll be right over, so you be a good girl and wait there, darlin'."
I nervously pipe up as Yamanouchi puts down the receiver.
Kaori: "...So, um..."
Yasuko: "...Listen, I don't know what is happening in yer private life, but when yer in that uniform, yer a nurse!"
Yamanouchi says matter-of-factly as she leaves the nurses station....*Sigh* Today is such a disaster...
Hatsumi: "Sawai, have you got a minute?"
I'm attaching the data that the examination room sent back to a patient's chart when the recently returned Chief beckons me in.
Kaori: "U-Um...what is it...?"
It's just me and the Chief in the break room now. Usually I'm happy to see her, but I know that this is not going to be a pleasant conversation judging by how today is going. I mean, she looks mad...
Hatsumi: "You know why I called you in here, right?"
Kaori: "...Because all I'm doing today is making mistakes..."
Hatsumi: "Mistakes? You call those mistakes? I guess in the context of ‘utter failure’ you could call them mistakes."
Hatsumi: "I've been watching you since this morning, and you seem distracted. Just what do you think this job actually is?"
Kaori: "I'm sorry..."
Hatsumi: "I'm not asking you to apologies to me or anything, I just want you to explain to me what it is exactly that you think this job is about?"
Kaori: "..."
Hatsumi: "Our job is not just to look after these patients, we are responsible for both their daily and literal lives."
Hatsumi: "If you really understood how much you are affecting each of their lives, then you would never attend to the job without being completely present."
Hatsumi: But I think that's exactly what you might be doing."
I feel greatly offended. What the Chief is saying is true, so I can't say anything. It might just be the case that...I don't understand how much of an effect I have on these patients' lives...
Kaori: "..."
Hatsumi: "If you have an excuse for your inattentiveness then I'll listen. Go on, tell me."
Kaori: "I...I don't."
Hatsumi: "You have to understand. Your professional life and personal life must be kept separate. I don't want you getting the wrong idea about that."
Kaori: "The wrong idea...?"
Hatsumi: "It doesn't matter how I feel about you, work is work."
Hatsumi: "Whoever it is who's slacking off, it's my job to get people to buckle up their ideas. It's my job as chief nurse here after all."
Kaori: "...Chief..."
Hatsumi: "All I mean is that there is no favoritism here. Just in case you thought that you could get away with slacking off just because I like you the most..."
Kaori: "I would never...!"
Hatsumi: "Right, then tell me why you have been so absentminded today. You wouldn't be potentially putting the patients' lives in danger without a reason, would you?"
The Chief questions me in a severe tone. It's not just her tone of voice that's scary, she's even looking at me with contempt. Being looked at that way by someone who I love so much, and who I'm trying so hard to emulate is just so... And it's all my fault... It hurts... I'm...such an idiot...
Kaori: "...*Sniff*"
Hatsumi: "Do you think that you can make all this better just by crying? You should be ashamed of putting on such a show at your workplace."
???: "Come on now, Chief! I reckon you've picked on the newbie enough for one day!"
When I look up, I can see Yamanouchi hovering in the doorway.
Hatsumi: "I'm not picking on the newbie. I'm just educating a new recruit who was making light of the job."
Yasuko: "No worries if yer just educating her, but I reckon yer making things too personal. It doesn't seem like you have enough self-control to practice what yer preachin' yourself."
Yasuko: "It's obvious to anyone that Sawai has been away with the fairies today, but you went too far. What're ya hopin' to achieve by terrorizin' newbies?"
Hatsumi: "..."
The Chief glances over at me.
Kaori: "..."
Her cold expression makes me feel so small.
Hatsumi: "I suppose you're right. It was personal. I'll leave the rest to you, Yamanouchi."
The Chief says coldly before leaving the room. What should I do...? The Chief seems to hate me now.
Yasuko: "...Lord, she's as tactless as always, eh?"
Kaori: "Yamanouchi, I..."
Yasuko: "Sawai, what the Chief said wasn't wrong, ya know? She was just lettin' her feelings get the better of her and went too far. You still gotta reflect on what she said."
Yasuko: "I got no idea what's goin' on in your private life. I don't care and I don't need you to tell me. But if yer gonna drag it into the workplace, then it's just gonna cause trouble."
Yasuko: "You gotta quit yer cryin', too. Do you wanna upset the patients? Once you stop, go apologize to the Chief and come back to work."
Yamanouchi pats me on the head. Her gentle pats make me feel like bursting into tears all over again, but I fight them back, and try my hardest show her a smile.
Kaori: "...I'm so sorry."
Yasuko: "Don't you worry now, I know you are. And I bet the Chief knows it, too."
Kaori: "It's just...the Chief seemed to be in such a bad mood..."
Yasuko: "Oh, that. She's just awkward and moody, you ain't got nothin' to worry about."
Yamanouchi laughs it off, but... It's just that...
Kaori: "...*Sigh*"
Today's shift is about to end. I've acted like such a failure today that I can't help but be disappointed in myself. Getting told off by the Chief brought me back to my senses a little, but I still feel bad....I guess she really does hate me... The Chief always takes such pride in her profession as a nurse. But I...
Kaori: "...*Sigh*"
I deserved to get chewed out like that, but...even though I know that I deserve being hated, too, it still makes me sad.
Kaori: "I'm back..."
Hatsumi: "H-Hey...Sawai. Can I have a word...?"
The Chief approaches as soon as I get back to the nurses station.
Kaori: "Umm...sure."
I wonder if she's going to scold me again... Great, I'm alone with the Chief in the break room again...for the second time today. What's she going to say to me this time? My stomach is tying itself in knots...
Hatsumi: "...I'm sorry about earlier. I went too far."
The Chief looks so apologetic. Could this mean...?
Hatsumi: "You could call this my way of apologizing, but...I'd like it if you to come to my room tonight."
Kaori: "Huh...?"
My head can't keep up with this unexpected turn of events.
Hatsumi: "I'll treat you to dinner. I'm not sure if it will make up for earlier, but..."
The Chief seems fidgety. Could this mean that she doesn't completely despise me yet?
Hatsumi: "So...will you drop by...?"
Her worried gaze suddenly makes my heart soar.
Kaori: "O-Of course I will! Thank you so much for the invitation, I'll definitely be there!"
Hatsumi: "Really? You'll come? Thank goodness!"
I beam back at the smiling Chief. Oh, my god! I'm so overjoyed! Whenever the Chief is happy, it makes me happy!
Hatsumi: "Then I guess it's settled. I'll send you a message later, so make sure you're there."
The Chief hurries out of the break room. I'm a little late too and leave the room swiftly myself. Yes! Now that I know that the Chief doesn't hate me and isn't out to get me, I can finally concentrate on work!
Kaori: "Hey, I'll get that!"
I feel so invincible right now! I don't even care that Sakai is being so unpleasant!
Kaori: "OK, one IV drip coming right up! I'll bring it right now!"
Kaori: "I'm finally back!"
Sure enough, I may have to endure Miss Sakai's scathing verbal attacks, asking me what I'm smiling about and calling me disgusting, but in the end it doesn't faze me!
Nagisa: "Oh, Sawai. I heard that it took a while to respond to Sakai's call, was everything alright?"
Kaori: "Yeah, everything's completely fine!"
Nagisa: "Really? Well, all right then... I just finished the meeting with the next shift, do you have anything you need to tell the night shift nurses?"
All I do is take on the odd tasks that people need doing, so I don't have much to do with the meeting between shifts. In fact, that's why the meeting between shifts is usually over by the time I get back from a call. If I have to tell the night shift anything other than what is brought up in those meetings, I kinda just do it separately.
Kaori: "Nothing apart from the fact that Sakai is in a foul mood."
Yasuko: "Then y'all who have just finished work from the day shift should get goin' so that you don't disturb the night shift!"
Pressed on by Yamanouchi, I leave Senpai behind to finish her reports and grab my bag....Hm, that's strange. It's usually the Chief trying to hurry me up to go home, but today it's Yamanouchi...
Yasuko: "By the way, it looks like our internal medicine ward workaholic has hurried home for once today. Did she have somethin' that she's gotta do?"
Workaholic? Does she mean the Chief?
Kaori: "...Why would I know?"
Yasuko: "Just a hunch. Anyway, work is over, time to go home."
Kaori: "Whoa...!"
It's the room of the ever-unorganized Chief. But today she has tidied up for once and the table is full of delicious looking food.
Hatsumi: "Sorry about the room."
Kaori: "No, it's fine! It looks great! And this food looks delicious!"
Hatsumi: "To be honest, I was thinking about laying out a table cloth and lighting some candles, too...but..."
Hatsumi: "That's not really my style and the thought embarrassed me, so I couldn't bring myself to do it."
Kaori: "Ch-Chief...!"
So she's been putting a lot of thought into everything besides just the yummy-looking food...!
Hatsumi: "I've actually been meaning to invite you to dinner for a while."
Hatsumi: "But after I said such hurtful things to you today..."
Hatsumi: "I thought that you might not come... I'm so sorry about what happened back there."
Kaori: "Th-There's no need to apologize! I was in the wrong earlier, it wasn't your bad at all!"
Hatsumi: "But I let my personal feelings get in the way and was unnecessarily harsh on you. I hurt you."
Kaori: "That's not on you, Chief. I was the one that made you have to tell me off. So, in the end, it's my fault!"
I hold out a fork for the still hesitant Chief.
Kaori: "Let's just eat. With this much amazing food in front of us, it doesn't really matter who was in the wrong."
The Chief stares in wonder... Then she bursts out laughing.
Hatsumi: "You're right. It's just as you say. We should let bygones be bygones and just focus on how to improve on what we did wrong."
She takes the fork from my hand and smiles broadly.
Hatsumi: "Shall we dig in, then? I'm sure eating with you will make everything taste even better!"
Kaori: "Yes! Let's eat!"
The Chief's cooking tastes so amazing. Being as she lives in such a messy room and doesn't seem to be interested in cleaning or housework, I never expected the Chief's cooking to taste this good. But if she's this good a cook then between us we would probably make quite a good team in the kitchen!
Kaori: "Thanks for the meal! I couldn't eat another bite!"
Hatsumi: "Hehe... I'm glad you enjoyed it."
Kaori: "Yeah! It tasted amazing!"
Smiling, I strain to stand up.
Kaori: "Right then, I'll make a start on the dishes and cleaning up!"
Hatsumi: "What?! You don't have to do that! You're my guest, I can't ask you to...!"
I gently brush the Chief aside as she rushes to get up and block my path.
Kaori: "No, let me! I want to do this in return for how happy you've made me!"
Hatsumi: "You don't need to! I'm begging you, please don't look...!"
She's really exaggerating the "don't look..."
I think as I shake her off and head to the sink.
Kaori: "..."
Hatsumi: "Yeah...that's why I told you not to look."
Now I get it. This is the reason why she tried so hard to stop me. The sink is a mountain of plastic trays! And the triangular sink tray is absolutely full of burnt ingredients and foodstuff!
Kaori: "Chief...what's this...?"
Hatsumi: "Well, at first I really wanted to treat you to some home-cooked food. But I've never really cooked before...!"
The Chief is flustered.
Hatsumi: "I failed at making anything nice, it all got burned, and they say that burnt stuff can give you cancer, so I didn't want to make you eat any of it, and...!"
This is the first time that I've seen the Chief like this. Somehow I feel more affinity with her than ever...
Kaori: "...So you just bought it all?"
Hatsumi: "Y-Yeah, because...!"
Wow, she's turned beet red! Now that I think about it, she was finishing everything up rather quickly when I was responding to Miss Sakai's call. I guess she went home and got straight to work on dinner. Then she messed it up, rushed all the way to Kanakura to buy all of these ready meals from the store, and then hurried back to lay it all out. That actually really endears her to me.
Kaori: "You're so cute, Chief..."
Hatsumi: "I-I'm not cute! I'm a m-mature lady who's much older than you."
She is definitely cute when she's annoyed like that, but she can't accept the compliment even though I'm telling her it straight. So I wonder what I do have to say to get her to open up to me? You're no mature older woman. You are cute though.
Kaori: "You're not a mature older woman or anything, Chief."
Hatsumi: "...But it's true that I am older..."
The Chief is starting to get a little wound up....Aww, she's just too cute when she gets like this...! I'm sure that she only thinks this way because the kids in Room 306 call her "lady!"
I've got to console her! I reach my hand out towards the Chief and poke at her puffed up cheeks.
Kaori: "Hey, don't make that kind of face. These cheeks are cute, but I would rather see you smile."
Hatsumi: "Oh, you!"
The Chief starts giggling. That's good, it looks like she's feeling better now.
Kaori: "You are cute, though."
Hatsumi: "D-Do you really think so...?"
The Chief asks while fidgeting, her face now completely red. Ah, dammit! That's one of things that's so adorable about you!
Kaori: "Well this is one thing that's cute about you. Plus, you did something as lovely as this just for me..."
I gently reach out my hands. And try wrapping the Chief in a tight hug. The Chief doesn't try to escape....Which means that she can't hate me, right?
Kaori: "I want to see this cuter side of your personality more often, Chief..."
Hatsumi: "N-No way, it's embarrassing..."
Kaori: "You don't have to be embarrassed. Or do you just not want to show that side of yourself to a ‘kid’ like me?"
Hatsumi: "Shouldn't that be a ‘big silly’ kid?"
Nose-to-nose, we stare into each other's eyes... Then we both burst into laughter. Is it really okay for me to feel this happy...?
====================scr00703.kgo====================
...Huh?      I'm back in that dream again, aren't I?      The girl stands in front of me.     She's staring at me with a look of determination     etched onto her face.
???: "...Do you really love my big sister?"
I'm taken aback by the girl's sudden question.
Kaori: "Your big sister...? Who do you mean?"
As soon as I open my mouth, a face swims into my mind. It's the face of the Chief, adorned by a shy smile.
Kaori: "...Big sister...?"
It's just a hunch, but I think the "big sister"
that the girl is referring to is the Chief. When I think about the feeling that the girl's alluding to... There's only one person who I can think of that I might like in that way....Which means that...
Kaori: "So you must be the Chief's little sister then...?"
My head starts to throb. An incomprehensible fear wells up inside of me. It feels like all the cells in my body are screaming at me, telling me that I mustn't remember. Even so...! No matter how much it hurts, and how much I'm afraid, I have to!
???: "Kaori!"
It's a girl's voice. I feel like the lid on my memories is about to burst open.
Kaori: "Umm..., Hatsumi...Otsuka, big sister..."
Just then, I remember the first time I went to the ward and saw the Chief at the nurses station...!
Kaori: "..."
My eyes open with a jolt and I'm back in my room....I feel like something I can't quite remember is hidden deep within my heart... I was so close. I get up slowly and head for the sink. There I am in the mirror. That girl who called the Chief "big sister"
is like me when I was a child....What can't I remember? I feel like it's right there in front of me. I feel like I should be able to piece it together, but I can't... I draw lines on the fever chart in blue and red pencil based on the notes that Senpai and Yamanouchi gave me. It looks like the blue temperature line and the red heart rate line are about to switch places, but I have to be careful not to make a mistake! The Chief is at the doctor's desk like usual, filling in forms according to the doctor's instructions. As I draw my lines, I steal a glance at the profile of the Chief's face. Could the girl in my dreams really be the Chief's little sister? And if she is, why is she appearing to me? That girl's face looks so similar to how mine used to look as a child, I wonder if that has any relation? I want to ask the Chief about it...! But she's working right now... What should I do? Ask. Don't ask. OK, I'll ask. If it's something that I can't solve then it's always better to ask someone who might know the answer directly and get the answer right away!
Kaori: "Um, Chief, can I ask you a question?"
Hatsumi: "Sure, what's it about?"
The Chief turns to face me with a pleasant expression on her face.
Kaori: "Do you have any younger brothers or sisters, Chief?"
Hatsumi: "..."
The Chief frowns uncomfortably.
Hatsumi: "We're working now, you can ask me personal things later."
Kaori: "Oh, okay..."
Oops, I got told off... Well, I guess it's true that we are working right now, so of course she was going to say something like that. It was a mistake to ask... It's just... We're working right now, so I should avoid asking those kinds of personal questions. If I'm going to ask then it should be later on when it's just the two of us and she can answer me properly. I think, looking towards the Chief, and meeting her gaze.
Hatsumi: "..."
She hurriedly averts her eyes. Wait, what? I thought I had angered her, but when I look more closely, I can see that her earlobes are faintly flushed.
Kaori: "U-Um...Chief?"
Hatsumi: "...Don't look at me like that. You're making me blush."
The Chief gets up and hurries out of the room to hide her red face.
Yasuko: "...Oh my."
Entering the room in her place, Yamanouchi watches the Chief leaving and me drawing the lines on this temperature chart with a smirk.
Yasuko: "...Oh, my goodness, that was intense. I'm gettin' kinda jealous here!"
Kaori: "I-It's not what you're thinking! And please stop making fun of me!"
With a small shrug of her shoulders, Yamanouchi sits down next to me and begins to write her report. Then it suddenly occurs to me to ask her.
Kaori: "Um...about the Chief, do you know whether she has any younger brothers or sisters?"
Yasuko: "No clue. I have no interest in y'all's private lives, so I have absolutely no idea."
Kaori: "Oh, I see..."
My hopes are very quickly dashed. Not that I should have expected any other outcome.
Yasuko: "Anyway, it's not right to sniff around other people's private lives while they ain't here."
Kaori: "...I guess you're right..."
What Yamanouchi is saying is pretty reasonable. After I droop my shoulders dejectedly, Yamanouchi smirks and whispers something into my ear.
Yasuko: "Hey, don't be like that, newbie. I'll tell you something else you might like to hear instead. Lend me your ear."
It's finally lunchtime! Today's shift pattern means that I can spend my lunchtime with the Chief! I'm so happy about that, but I'm also feeling kinda nervous. It seems like the Chief is feeling pretty bashful, too. Maybe an awkward conversation would be kind of cute?
Kaori: "So...i-it's pretty warm today, huh?"
Hatsumi: "Y-Yeah..."
Kaori: "This weather always makes things get so hot and steamy under here."
I take the fabric of my uniform's skirt between my fingertips and flap it to create a breeze.
Hatsumi: "Th-That's not very ladylike, Sawai."
The faintest of red tinges colors the Chief's cheeks.
Kaori: "Didn't you ever do anything like this when you were a student?"
Hatsumi: "...I did, but..."
Kaori: "So give it a try! Don't you find it a little cooler than before?"
I can try to provoke the Chief all I want, never in a million years would she--
Hatsumi: "I-Is it?"
The Chief takes the hem of her skirt between her fingers and begins to flap just like me. With trepidation at first... But then she starts really going for it!
Kaori: "R-Really cools you down, right?"
Hatsumi: "Right you are."
Kaori: "I wonder why this uniform has to make us so hot and sweaty, though."
Hatsumi: "It's easier to just accept that these things will make you sweat."
Hatsumi: "My senpai once told me that the essence of being a nurse is to feel hot and stuffy, but still be able to attend to patients without letting on that that's the case."
The Chief explains as she continues to flap her skirt. W-Wow, so that's a peek of what goes on inside the Chief's head? I wonder... What kind of person was this senpai of hers? Moreover, I wonder what kind of newbie the Chief was back when she first became a nurse.....Hmm, I bet that whatever kind of rookie she was, her room was always as messy as it is now, though. Hooboy, just thinking about this is making me grin!
???: "...Wow, Chief, you're acting like such a little kid."
Hatsumi: "...!"
Standing in the doorway with a smirk on her face is Yamanouchi. In a matter of seconds, the Chief has snapped out of her surprise, straightened out her skirt, and hurried out of the room.
Kaori: "Hey, Chief!"
Dammit! We were having such a lovely time together and then Yamanouchi comes and ruins it!
Yasuko: "Ha, I guess even the best of nurses lose all their faculties like that the moment they start fallin' for people."
Yamanouchi flashes a meaningful look my way.
Yasuko: "Come on now. Did you think I was bein' serious?"
Kaori: "Wait! So this was all just a joke?!"
I feel like I've been punched in the gut. I mean it was nice that I did get to spend a nice time with the Chief by going along with Yamanouchi's suggestion of spending some quality time with her to get some clues, but... Argh, I'm such an idiot! It was all because I was taken in by Yamanouchi's joke that we started flapping our skirts like that and the Chief ended up running away. Nooo! Come back, Chief!
Hatsumi: "Good luck with the night shift, everyone. And thanks for all your hard work today, day shift crew."
My shift's finally over! Now I just have to write up that report on Mr. Toshiru who I visited just before the shift change! Stretching out as far as I can, I see the Chief approaching.
Hatsumi: "Do you have a minute, Sawai?"
Kaori: "Umm?"
For a second I think that she's about to chew me out again, but the Chief doesn't look angry, and her expression isn't particularly pained.
Hatsumi: "You don't have to be so on edge, you big silly. I'm bringing good news."
She says with a slightly strained laugh, but a smile on her face.
Hatsumi: "How would you feel about taking care of Miss Sakai again?"
Kaori: "Taking care of...?!"
Hatsumi: "Her stats are all back up. I've spoken to the doctors and head nurse about it and as long as you're on board then it's good to go."
I immediately nod my head enthusiastically in agreement.
Kaori: "I'll do it! I really want to look after Miss Sakai again!"
How could I refuse? I mean, I had always hated the fact that I had had to give up on Miss Sakai like I did!
Hatsumi: "...Good..."
Nagisa: "Hey, good for you, Sawai!"
Kaori: "Yeah! Thanks so much, Senpai!"
Glancing at the Chief I see an unreadable expression upon her face....I wonder what's the matter with her?
Kaori: "Ouch!"
Out of nowhere, someone clobbers me on the back.
Yasuko: "Oi, Sawai! You're makin' the Chief worried that Miss Me is gonna steal ya away from... Mph--!"
Hatsumi: "Y-Yamanouchi!"
The flushed Chief forcefully clamps her hand down over Yamanouchi's mouth. To give the Chief some peace of mind, I proclaim in a loud voice.
Kaori: "I-It's fine, you don't need to worry. The only person I love is you, Chief!"
The nurses station immediately falls silent.
Nagisa: "...You don't have to yell it out quite that loud for us all to hear you..."
Yasuko: "*Pant* Such passion!"
Hatsumi: "..."
Oh, no, I really am a moron...! Before I leave, I decide to drop by Miss Sakai's room to tell her in person that I will be looking after her again, but...
Sayuri: "..."
Ah, the cold shoulder, just like usual...
Sayuri: "I know. The Chief already came by to tell me that you'd be back. But..."
Kaori: "But...?"
Sayuri: "I was just wondering... Is it true that you're with the Chief like Asada says you are?"
Excuse me?! Is Ami really spreading that kind of gossip about me?!
Kaori: "Well... Ahaha..."
I try to laugh it off. Miss Sakai takes a huge sigh.
Sayuri: "...You and the Chief aren't right for each other. I bet you feel the same way, too, right?"
Kaori: "Err..."
...I mean, I guess I am still just a fresh-faced nurse, and I'm absolutely nothing compared to the Chief. I hardly have to think about it, we're very obviously sitting at two different levels, so it's inevitable that people would think that we're no good for each other...
Kaori: "I'm gonna try my best with her, though! I can't exactly just switch off my love for her!"
Sayuri: "Hmm. It's going to be such a spectacle to see just how far emotional irrationality and stubbornness can take a relationship."
Bam!
Sayuri: "Plus, it's not like the chief is the best judge of character in the world... You of all people... I mean, come on..."
Bam! Bam!
Sayuri: "There isn't anything else, right?"
Miss Sakai shoos me away with her hand.
Kaori: "G-Goodnight..."
I bang my head several times on the corridor wall outside. This is so depressing...
====================scr00704.kgo====================
I'm dreaming again.        But this dream is different from the others.              There's no one else here.              I can't see anything.    All I see is pitch blackness stretching out far before me.              ......           I wander around the darkness,           looking for the little girl.        All of a sudden,        a lonely voice calls out.        "My big sister was always so different from me,         I was so shy, but she had so many friends."
      "And then this happened,       and my big sister changed..."
    "My big sister decided to walk the path      that I was supposed to take,      all for my sake."
    "She didn't have to do that, though.      She could have just forgotten all about me      and set out to find her own happiness."
      "I really want for her to be happy...       That's how I truly feel,       but...I beg you!"
 "...Please,   don't take her! Big sister,   don't take *** away from me...!"
               Huh...?     What is she talking about?     The sirens are getting louder, I can't hear her anymore!           Who's being taken away...?!
Kaori: "...!"
I suddenly come to....I'm back in my room? What was that just now...? It sounded like skidding followed by a thump, but what in the world...?
Kaori: "*Sigh*..."
I feel somewhat relieved, but I'm overcome by a cold sweat. I get out of bed and check the watch near my pillow. It's already nine in the morning. Normally I would be freaking out about being late, but today is my day off.
Kaori: "...I'm glad that I'm not at work today..."
I'm certain that if I had been on the day shift today that I wouldn't have been able to concentrate and I would have been told off again. It's so bright... The weather is beautiful today, but unlike the sky, my heart feels shrouded by darkness. All I can think about is the dream that I was just having. The girl in my dream really loves and misses the Chief as her big sister. I'm someone who can empathize with that girl's feelings. I also love and hold the Chief dear. I can say that with pride. But it's also true that I also now see the Chief as a "big sister"
and I can feel things like admiration and envy for a big sister inside of me, too. Maybe it's because of the way that girl feels. For a split second I wonder if I'm actually the Chief's little sister. But I quickly suppress that thought. I mean, if that was true, then that would make the family I know now a lie. My mom, my dad, my own little sister, they wouldn't be real. Or maybe the Chief really is my big sister and she left our family for some reason, and I just completely forgot that she existed? And then maybe my entire family have been conspiring to keep her a secret from me...? Or what if my real name is Kaori Otsuka and I left her family and forgot all about them for some reason...?
Kaori: "Ahhh, what am I supposed to...?!"
I run my fingers haphazardly through my hair. I'm so confused... My head is throbbing. Each and every one of my cells is screaming at me that I must not try to remember. My heart is pounding, I can feel it getting faster and faster--
Kaori: "Oh..."
I have to calm down... I have to calm down... I clutch my chest with one shaking hand over the other. Take a deep breath... And cast the same spell as usual. The spell to stop me from being so useless and turn me into something more helpful....... Hang on a second. For the first time in my life I feel something strange about the spell that I always use to calm myself down. When did I start relying on this spell? I don't think I ever did it when I was a young child. So, what? Did I start doing it in elementary school? ...I can't remember. But I feel like I was probably doing it by the time I went up to junior high. Did something happen around then? ...There was that accident. There was that traffic accident where I almost died.
Kaori: "...!"
It all comes flooding back to me. This little spell of mine might actually be a kind of..."ritual,"
that I use to summon the other me -- the girl that keeps appearing in my dreams. The "ritual"
makes me feel like I'm outside of myself, observing the world through a thin film, even though I'm the one acting. Maybe that "ritual", where I cast my little spell, is what opens the door to the other me...to that girl from my dreams. That's why I can become so calm and collected if I perform my spell..........Hmm, I think my intuition is probably right here.
Kaori: "..."
It means that if I perform this spell then I can calm down and can dump all of the bad stuff happening around me onto this other girl who isn't quite me....So I guess that means that this girl has been inside me for quite some time... But why? How come? Did something happen to me a long time ago? What caused that girl to exist inside of me? That girl is the Chief's little sister. My gut says that's the truth. So then why is the Chief's little sister in my head? And since when? I wonder if it was indeed the accident that caused that to happen? It's the only logical conclusion that I can draw. But I don't really remember a lot about what happened. Why is that?
Kaori: "..."
Everything is just going round in circles inside my head. My head is pounding. I'm sure that it'll go away if I just stop thinking about the accident. But still, no matter how much my head begins to hurt, I want to delve just that little bit deeper. I spend the entire day in my room. The sun is already beginning to set and its orange sunbeams begin to filter through my window.
Kaori: "..."
I take out my cell phone and begin to type out a message....It's not like I have any other options left.
Hatsumi: "...Come in."
The Chief smiles as she invites me into her room.
Kaori: "I'm sorry... I know that you've only just finished work..."
Hatsumi: "Don't be silly, you're welcome anytime. I'm actually glad that you wanted to come and visit me all of a sudden."
Kaori: "Look...Chief..."
Hatsumi: "..."
I say her name as I wonder how to put this. When I do, the Chief begins to fidget, an unhappy look appearing on her face....I don't think she's usually like this. I have a question that I really want to ask her, but I decide to set it aside for the time being.
Kaori: "Chief...? What's the matter?"
The Chief's expression sours and she abruptly turns away.
Hatsumi: "...When you address me by my job title, even when we're not at work, it makes me feel kinda...sad."
Kaori: "Huh...?"
Which means that...
Kaori: "S-Sorry. I was just too embarrassed to call you by your real name..."
I feel a sense of happiness gradually well up inside of me.
Hatsumi: "..."
Kaori: "I'm actually kind of glad that you told me straight that addressing you by your job title made you sad."
Hatsumi: "..."
The Chief...no, Hatsumi, seems to be so fidgety....S-She's so cute...! Hatsumi hangs her head as she plays with her fingers. Even her ears are red! But... I really do love Hatsumi when she gets like that, it's just that I can't take my mind off the girl in my head or the accident. It's almost as if someone else entirely is feeling the happiness that I ought to be feeling....I wonder if it's okay to ask her my question now? I know that it's going to ruin a happy moment, but I wonder if it's all right to ask her yet? Or...maybe I should wait for another opportunity... Ask. Don't ask. Well, this is my chance, I have to take it.
Kaori: "S-Say, Hatsumi... Did you know that when I was a little girl I was involved in a car accident?"
If Hatsumi has anything at all to do with the girl then she should know all about the accident. That's why I'm going in with a leading question. Hatsumi frowns for a second, then purses her lips. Eventually she makes a small sigh.
Hatsumi: "If I told you that I did know, how would you react?"
Kaori: "I'd ask you more about it. Because I barely remember anything."
Hatsumi chuckles.
Hatsumi: "All I know is that you were seriously injured in a car accident and what I read in the report up until you were discharged."
Kaori: "What you read in the report...?"
Hatsumi: "The hospital that you were taken to is the same one where I ended up working as a newbie nurse afterwards. It's no big deal."
Hatsumi: "It's not really unusual for nurses on duty to go back through past reports."
Something bothers me about what the Chief just said. I can't quite put my finger on it, though...
Hatsumi: "You're working the day shift tomorrow, right? You should probably get some sleep."
Kaori: "Yeah, but..."
When I glance at my watch it's just gone nine. It's still too early to go to bed.
Hatsumi: "Besides, I have some work that I brought home with me."
Kaori: "...I see."
If it's work then I can't be too stubborn.
Kaori: "...Guess I'll see you tomorrow then."
Hatsumi: "Yeah, goodnight."
I wish that I could feel happy right now... I could feel the fact that Hatsumi really loves me. As I move my hand to clutch fidgeting fingers, I feel another hand grab mine. Taking each other by the hand, we lock eyes. Our eyes meet and I stop dead in my tracks. Our faces inch closer.
Kaori: "..."
I don't know who it is who closes their eyes first.
Kaori: "..."
Hatsumi: "..."
I feel our lips softly meet. Inches apart, we peer into each other's eyes. As we stare, Hatsumi's face grows redder.
Hatsumi: "..."
Hatsumi hangs her head. The redness has creeped past her cheeks and colored her ears and the crick of her neck, too....I just kissed Hatsumi...
Kaori: "U-Um, Chief..."
Hatsumi: "Chief?"
I sense her critical tone and quickly correct myself.
Kaori: "I mean, Hatsumi. I love you..."
Hatsumi: "..."
Hatsumi happily shifts her gaze all over the place and begins to play with her fingers again.
Hatsumi: "...I love you, too."
Kaori: "..."
In the warm water of my bath, I gently touch my lips. I can't believe I kissed Hatsumi... Our first kiss. I remember how her hand was trembling when it grabbed mine...
Kaori: "..."
I'm so happy. Kissing Hatsumi for the first time makes my chest burst with memories of its warmth and tenderness and how ticklish it was. But... One corner of my brain is whispering to me that I'm not allowed to be happy... I have no idea why I feel that way.
====================scr00705.kgo====================
......              I'm dreaming once again.            There's nobody else here today, either.            Or is there...?         I can't see them, but I can feel their presence.         "Hey, is anybody there?!          You must be there, right?!"
         I need to talk to the little girl,         so I shout across the blackness.         "Please, just come out already!          I have something that I need to ask you!"
         But the little girl is nowhere to be found.      I can hear a voice echoing from somewhere.      "...I'm sorry.       It's my fault that things       ended up this way."
   "Kaori...!    Kaori, I love you. I really, really, really love you.    I love you from the bottom of my heart."
      "But...it's all       because of me that you..."
    "Please don't die, Kaori."
       "I don't need anything,         I don't need this life,         nor this body, I just need Kaori."
      "As long as Kaori is alive and happy       then that's all I need."
    "Please! Use me.      I'll support her and protect her,      that's all I want."
    "Even if Kaori forgets all about me,      for her sake, I'll..."
Kaori: "...!"
My eyes jerk open....It's because I opened my eyes that I left my dream world... Ahh... I still wasn't able to hear all that the little girl had to say. I slowly start to get up. Even if Kaori forgets all about me, for her sake, I'll... I can still hear her voice reverberating in my ears. Even though I feel like the lid on my memories if finally about to pop off, it still feels like something stands in my way. I can't remember any of the important parts. My intuition is telling me that the accident is the key to everything. The accident from 10 years ago that I can't even remember. The more I think about it, the more strange it feels that even though I'm the one who was seriously injured, I'm the one who doesn't remember a damn thing. Why can't I remember? If there's a reason that I can't remember then what is it? Thinking about it, whenever I have tried to remember what happened I've always developed a severe headache that stops me from thinking any further. I only had a slight headache today, though. My gut suddenly whispers something new to me. What if my memories about the accident have been sealed away somehow? What if my memories were sealed away for some reason and then for some other reason the seal is starting to break now? ...But what would my memories need to be sealed away for? What's the benefit of sealing them off? And who in the world would be able to even do something like that anyway? And what would happen if I did remember everything about the accident? Would anything change? I don't mind if everything just stays the same, but I wouldn't want to remember what happened if it meant that things would change......... Should I remember the accident? Or would it be better if I carry on as I am and not look any further into it? I don't know what to do.
Kaori: "...*Sigh*..."
It's not all just in my head, is it? I feel like Hatsumi has been in a bad mood all morning. I guess it's probably because I called her "Hatsumi"
when I got in this morning. And it was just before the shift change meeting, in front of absolutely everybody. She went so red......Oh, I bet it's that. It was my bad for not being able to differentiate between what we say in private and what we say in public. I really messed that one up...
Nagisa: "What's up, Sawai? You seem a bit down in the dumps today."
Kaori: "A-Ahahaha..."
I try to laugh it off. I can't believe that I'm even making people like Senpai worry about me...
Nagisa: "Sawai... I don't think you should take what happened this morning too much to heart."
Kaori: "...I guess not, but I did embarrass Hats -- I mean, the Chief, in front of everybody..."
Nagisa: "..."
Hm, Nagisa does not seem happy. What should I say to her?
Kaori: "The Chief is a very no-nonsense kind of person, so I don't think she's the type of woman who could look lightly on mixing up our public and private lives in the workplace..."
Nagisa: "Come on! The two of you are an item, right?!"
Senpai gets riled up for me. I'm grateful for what she's doing, but...maybe the nurses station is not the best place to do it.
Hatsumi: "...Don't you two have anything else that you can be getting on with besides yapping?"
Nagisa: "...!"
The atmosphere at the nurses station becomes strained and I can almost feel a physical chill in the air. Dammit, why did you have to come back at this precise second, Hatsumi?!
Kaori: "Oh, my..."
The two glare at one another....Th-This is terrifying...
Nagisa: "Excuse me, Chief! I'm afraid that there's something that I need to say to you!"
Despite the tense atmosphere, Senpai takes a step towards Hatsumi.
Hatsumi: "As long as it's about work you can say whatever that you like."
Naturally, Hatsumi does not back down. She remains completely composed while facing down Senpai's wrath.
Nagisa: "It's nothing to do with work, but it's something that I think needs to be said all the same."
Kaori: "Nooo, Senpai... Please don't..."
Hatsumi: "It doesn't matter whether it needs to be said or not, if it's nothing to do with work then save it for another time."
Nagisa: "Hmph! Who do you think you are? I mean, saying things like that?! You know what it was like for me backing off!"
Hatsumi: "That's exactly why this is nothing to do with you. Besides, how do you think it looks bringing personal and emotional squabbles into the workplace like this?"
Nagisa: "For heaven's sake! Nurses are people, too! Even we have things that we can't forgive others for."
Phew! A nurse call!
Hatsumi: "I agree with you there. But what I'm saying is that things that don't have anything to do with work should be saved until once you're out of uniform."
Hatsumi throws a glance my way. I hurriedly pick up the nurse call.
Kaori: "H-Hello, what seems to be the problem?"
Sayuri: "...The IV looks like it's about to run out."
Kaori: "Okay, I'll be right there."
Sayuri: "I'll wring out the drip while I wait."
Senpai and Hatsumi are still glaring at each other....I don't know what to do. Senpai said what she did to defend me, so I can't just disappear on her...
Hatsumi: "What are you doing, Sawai? Are you just going to stand there when there's something that you need to be doing?"
Kaori: "No, but..."
Hatsumi: "Don't worry. Your beloved Senpai isn't so stupid she needs her junior worrying about her. She's been in this game for far longer than you have."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Nagisa: "I don't want to admit it, but she's right. I'll be just fine, so go and see to your patient."
Senpai smiles a little. Hatsumi nods from the other side. I quickly lower my head and leave the nurses station with Miss Sakai's IV bottle in my hand. Miss Sakai is sitting on her cranked up hospital bed and staring outside through the open window. A breeze touched by the warmth of the sun blows through Miss Sakai's hair. I quickly change the bottle when the direction of Miss Sakai's gaze catches my own attention. Miss Sakai is looking out over the ocean. The horizon sparkles brightly with the reflected light of the sun...
Sayuri: "I heard that Tsukushi is going to be discharged."
Kaori: "Oh...yeah. On Sunday, after lunch."
I still can't hear the crashing of the waves even if I strain my ears, but I can smell the salt of the sea wafting in on an ocean breeze.
Sayuri: "Sometimes it feels lonely when I have to watch people who were admitted to the hospital after me leave before I do."
Kaori: "I bet... You and Tsukushi were good friends, weren't you?"
Miss Sakai lets a chuckle slip out. I think I can sense a small amount of self-derision within it, but it could just be my imagination.
Sayuri: "...I wonder if we were really good friends? I think it was a bit one-sided, but I guess it looked like we were."
Sayuri: "Well, it doesn't really matter whether we got along or not, it's always lonely for a patient to see other patients leave the hospital before them."
Sayuri: "I want to congratulate them on being discharged, but... actually my feelings about the matter are much more complicated than that."
Kaori: "..."
I bet that's true. When I think of how Miss Sakai must feel watching Tsukushi leave the hospital feeling all better, it breaks my heart.
Sayuri: "I'd still congratulate them even if the only reason that they left the hospital was because they had died, though."
Kaori: "What...?"
Sayuri: "I'd congratulate them for finally being free of the pain."
All this talk about death... As I stand there speechless, Miss Sakai lets out a laugh.
Sayuri: "I think I'm going to try immunosuppressive therapy."
Kaori: "...!"
Miss Sakai states, full of resolve. Unable to say anything, I take a good hard look at Miss Sakai's pale face. Immunosuppressive therapy is a very high-risk treatment that reduces your hemopoietic function down to zero. Once that system no longer functions, there's a risk that it won't come back. But Miss Sakai still wants to go through with something like that...?
Sayuri: "If I just keep waiting here for a donor who may not even exist then nothing will ever get better for me."
Sayuri: "So I'm going to hedge my bets. I'm literally going to bet my life on this treatment."
When I try to put myself in Miss Sakai's shoes I feel a tingle of fear run up my spine. I don't think that I would ever be able to make a decision like that.
Kaori: "...Aren't you afraid?"
Sayuri: "Of course I am."
She laughs scornfully.
Sayuri: "But, like I was saying, this is just a bet. I'll just die if I lose, that's all. That, or speed up the inevitable."
Kaori: "...How can you say something like that...?"
Sayuri: "Everybody dies someday. I just want to live how I want to until then."
Sayuri: "I don't want to live a life where I'm caged up in a hospital like this, spending my days doing nothing, and just waiting for the end."
Sayuri: "Even if the treatment is tough or I realize that this is the end for me, it's still miles better than just waiting to die."
Miss Sakai reasons, gazing out at the horizon. How come she's so tough? How can I become as tough as she is?
Kaori: "You're so strong..."
Miss Sakai turns to face me.
Sayuri: "And what about you?"
I'm a little taken aback by her question.
Sayuri: "Are you happy with yourself at the moment, going around and exposing all of your patients such a gloomy expression?"
Sayuri: "Don't you think that if you want to break free from something, you just have to exhaust every option until you're successful?"
My entire body stirs at Miss Sakai's words. She's right... I have to do everything in my power...!
Kaori: "I'm back."
Returning to the nurses station, I scan around for Senpai and Hatsumi.
Yasuko: "Hey, Sawai. If you're lookin' for our darlin' Chief, she's in a meeting. If it's Senpai you're after, Room 301."
Yamanouchi tells me quietly with a knowing smirk.
Yasuko: "I heard somethin' about the pair o' them getting into a fight, but it seems they're all right with each other now. And a good thing too, eh?"
Yasuko claps me on the shoulder and leaves the room....So I guess they've made up then... But I'm still no good. All I've been doing is getting in the way rather than giving my beloved Hatsumi my support. And I caused so much trouble for my precious Senpai. I can't go on like this, I have to do better! Work finishes and I head back to the dormitory before the others. Something that I can do right now is to study. If I could just grow up a little more as a nurse then I could be of help to Hatsumi! Wanting to get to work straight away, I head back to my room as fast as my legs will carry me. Huh? Someone's at the entrance to the dormitory...
Kaori: "Oh..."
It's a man... I've seen him somewhere before. That frightening face...
???: "...Excuse me."
It's him...!
Kaori: "...!"
I panic and hide. I'm confused. Why is he here? Hatsumi said it was all over. So why is he standing right here?! Go on... Shoo...!
Kaori: "..."
No, don't. Please don't come over here...!
???: "Boo!"
Kaori: "Arghh!"
???: "Wha--?!"
I try my hardest to run away, but paralyzed with fear, I can't get up. Wh-Wh-Wh-What should I do now?!
???: "What the heck are ya doin'? How come I'm the one who got the fright o' her life even though I was the one tryin' to sneak up on you?!"
I feel a thud on my back.
Kaori: "...Huh?"
When I turn back I find Yamanouchi crouched down to the floor like I am. A convenience store grocery bag has fallen to the floor beside her.
Yasuko: "Great! You broke all my eggs! Are you trying to act like Fujisawa? Dammit, dammit, dammit!"
I can see raw egg yolks pooling in the bottom of the bag. Hmm, it looks like at least one is definitely broken...
Kaori: "I-I'm so sorry! I was just so surprised..."
Yasuko: "Don't sweat it. I don't know why, but I was trying to surprise ya in this serious-lookin' game o' hide and seek you're havin'. I'm in the wrong, too."
Yasuko: "No, my eggs broke! What a waste...! Darn it."
Kaori: "I really am sorry. Let me make it up to you...!"
Yasuko: "You serious?"
Yamanouchi grins suggestively. Ugh... I've got a bad feeling about this...!
Yasuko: "By the way, I got somethin' I need another pair of hands for."
Kaori: "Huh...?"
Yasuko: "If y'all got time for hide and seek then you've got time to come with me."
Kaori: "..."
Ugh, I don't want to... I mean, I have a lot of things that I need to be getting on with myself.
Yasuko: "It's good to study, but you gotta take some time for yourself as well. You're at a dead end now, right? I'll can listen to you if you help me with this."
I feel a little grateful to the smiling Yamanouchi...
Kaori: "I guess I have no other choice. Are you going to listen to me properly this time?"
I quickly turn back before I get in the elevator, but the man is nowhere to be seen. Could it have been...just my imagination?
Yasuko: "Sorry, just settle yourself down anywhere."
Kaori: "...*Sigh*"
Yamanouchi rummages around her room as she begins to tell me that there's something that I can help her with. At a loose end, I look all around the room. On top of a cardboard box, just a bit away from me, is a thin book. It's a design that I've seen before... This must be one of Yamanouchi's illustrations. Wow, it really did become an entire book!
Kaori: "Nice..."
I try flipping through it. Oh, this is the part that I painted. I guess this is the bit where I wasn't able to stay within the lines. Although I just flip through the book at first, I eventually find myself reading parts of it....Hm? There's something familiar about this book... An unsocial head girl type of character is touched by an airhead underclassman and gradually begins to open her heart to... Hang on! I've seen this pattern of behavior before!
Yasuko: "What's up?"
Next thing I know, Yamanouchi is looking over shoulder and smirking.
Kaori: "U-Um! Are these two girls supposed to be Miss Sakai and Ami?!"
Without saying a word, Yamanouchi continues to grin and hands me another book.
Yasuko: "What do ya reckon to this one?"
I take the book unconsciously and flip through...!
Kaori: "Isn't this...me and Senpai?!"
A uniformed nurse with a ponytail and a unformed nurse saying Senpai's favorite catchphrase of "Hmph!"
adorn the pages.
Yasuko: "Yeah, nurse stories are always a hit."
She says as she drops a laptop computer in front of me.
Yasuko: "Anyway, time to get to work. You're on typesettin'."
Kaori: "Typesetting...? What's that?"
Yasuko: "It's laying out the text. Can you set the letters up like this?"
The letters are all packed closely together on a memo pad. But still...
Kaori: "I'm sorry, I'm not so good with computers..."
Yasuko: "Seriously?!"
Yasuko's seems surprised....Which means that I can't help her tonight, so I'm going to go home.
Yasuko: "Oh well. Guess you'll just have to help me by hand, eh?"
Pages and pages of picture-filled manga manuscript begin to pile up high.
Yasuko: "Clean up the penciled lines by writing over them in pen. Then, when it's dry, erase the pencil lines. I've got 56 pages here. Good luck."
Kaori: "Umm?"
Yasuko: "Written letters should have their own distinct flavors. You can make them retro-looking like old magazines and stuff."
Oww...! My right hand is in so much pain.
Yasuko: "Hey, I've made some nabeyaki udon! Grub's up!"
Kaori: "You're eating nabeyaki udon...? In this weather...? You have realized that it's already summer, haven't you?"
Yasuko: "I like eating hot stuff when it's hot outside. Got a problem? Anyhow, thanks to someone who shall remain unnamed, I had to use all these eggs."
Kaori: "......"
Yasuko: "Anyway, I'm Japanese, so I happen to like udon."
For a while, all I can hear is the slurping of udon noodles. Something doesn't quite add up. Yamanouchi is making me do all this work, but I kinda like the atmosphere we have going on in this room. This stuff has nothing to do with nursing, but it's kinda nice just to zone out and let your hands work away automatically. I mean, I'm feeling a lot better already. When I think about how Yamanouchi's strategy had been successful, I start to feel something strange.
Yasuko: "Are you gettin' tired, Sawai?"
Kaori: "...Hmm, a little. My right hand is hurting a bit..."
Yasuko: "But I bet you still feel better than you did before, eh?"
I don't really want to admit it when I feel like there's a streak of ill will in how she's putting it -- like she took advantage of me, just a bit. But there's no trace of ill will on her face at all, instead she reaches out her hand ruffles my hair.
Yasuko: "Whenever you feel anxious or depressed, it's always good just to get your head down and work."
Yasuko: "If there's nothin' you can do by thinking about the problem, then there's no point worryin'. It's just a waste of time and effort."
...She has a point.
Yasuko: "What I'm trying to say is that you should let yourself breathe and wait for an idea to come to you sometimes. Pointless thinking'll get ya nowhere..."
I let out a chuckle at the grin that Yamanouchi flashes me.
Kaori: "You're probably right about that."
Yasuko: "Most love is just suffering. Especially your first one."
Huh? ...Love? Yamanouchi does her usual smirk at my surprised expression. Her smile flashes across my mind....Oh, I guess she's talking about Hatsumi...!
Yasuko: "When yer young and in love, ya can just muscle yer way through it. But the older ya get, the more yer better judgement gets in the way."
"But she's got a lot on 'er plate, and a bunch more experience, so all ya can do is wait for her to catch up."
Kaori: "By ‘more experienced’, do you mean me...?"
Yasuko: "Maybe there is no ‘more experienced’ in this case, but the younger you are, the less you have to be afraid of, right?"
Kaori: "...Less to be afraid of...?"
Yamanouchi nods with a suggestive smile. It's kind of embarrassing to have Yamanouchi imply that I must know what she's talking about. "If pushing gets you nowhere, try pulling back. If pulling back gets you nowhere, try pushin'."
"And if that doesn't work, either...?"
"Everyone approaches relationships differently. Make the dosage just right, do things in moderation, keep your desires and reason in a good balance, and proceed properly."
I burst out laughing.
Kaori: "What are you going on about?"
I get back from Yamanouchi's room and carefully massage my right hand in the bath... Before I go to sleep, I write a message to Hatsumi.
Kaori: "Okay... And send..."
I doubt that I'll get a reply. But that's okay. Because I do love Hatsumi. And I'm sure that Hatsumi loves me in the same way that I love her. I hope so, anyway. But Hatsumi is the chief nurse of the internal medicine ward. She probably has a different perspective and is bound by obligations and reasoning that I just can't understand. She must be confused by a lot of things. I bet that she's unsure of whether to even reply to my message or not and in the end puts it off. That's how our relationship will have to be. I'd be happiest if I did get a response, but right now, all I want is for Hatsumi to really think about what it is that she wants. She told me that she loved me back then, but then and now are completely different times. I want to hear the answer of a Hatsumi who has thought this through, who has swung between reality and emotion. I may still be a newbie at work who can't hope to follow in the Chief's footsteps just yet. But I want to be able to follow what Hatsumi does in private....That's why I'll wait. Until Hatsumi can say with pride that she loves me.
====================scr00706.kgo====================
Ah...           I'm having that dream again...         That girl who's always in my dreams         isn't here today.                 But.     "You just don't have any courage, sis! Look at you,      you can't even tell the person you love that      you love her! Coward!"
          I hear a voice from afar. The voice is high strung, harsh...and sounds like it's arguing.  "I have my position to think about!   I can't let a spark of emotion dictate my actions!"
                Huh?         There are two voices...?        And they're definitely fighting, aren't they?        "Listen to you, trying to sound         so authoritative -- you're just afraid         of admitting how you feel!"
   "Of course I'm scared, how could I not be?!    You might have merged with the person you love,    but this is the only way I know!"
                Hm?           What way is she talking about?         "That's just an excuse!          You're not being fair!"
 "You can't say that! I'm not like you!   You were always with the person you loved,   and I'm not like that!"
               W-Wait, what?        The mood gets even worse...   "You're just making more excuses!    I was with her, but we didn't have    any mental connection!"
      "I'm the one       who's jealous of you, sis!"
    "Then let's trade, how about that!      Could you say the same thing in my position?!"
      "Yeah, I could!       I'd throw away anything       for her!"
 "Then do it if you can! Oh, that's right,   you can't -- not when you're like that!"
         "I can't believe you said that!          You dummy!"
               Ahhh!         Don't fight, you two!      "What did you call me?!       Only dummies call people dummy!"
       And it's a REALLY childish fight,        too!     "What's wrong with calling a dummy a dummy?!      You can't just get mad and shift the blame to me      because I hit the nail on the head!"
      ...It's a childish fight,      but they're using grown up words.     "I'm not shifting anything!      And besides, you're the one who decided to retire      and watch things from afar!"
    Wait,     could you not fight in my dream?! ...*Sigh*... That was a strange dream I had this morning. The girl that usually shows up was arguing with a girl I didn't know...and apparently, the new girl was called "sis"... She...she was Hatsumi, right...? Was my intuition just wrong...?
Hatsumi: "Hey, Sawai!"
Kaori: "Y-Yes ma'am?!"
Oh no, I was spacing out on the job! I'm going to get yelled at again!
Hatsumi: "Do you call this a report? It's full of spelling errors!"
Kaori: "S-Sorry..."
Hatsumi: "How careless do you have to be to write ‘bedsore' as 'bedspore’? Is that an infection of your inventing? Think before you write!"
Kaori: "Ahh... I'm sorry..."
Hatsumi roars at me, and it feels like it's April again. When I apologize in earnest, she falls quiet.
Hatsumi: "......"
Kaori: "...Hatsu...Chief...?"
Hatsumi: "N-Nothing. Just get back to work!"
Her eyes looked like she had something to say for just a moment there... Hatsumi has to be having a lot of trouble, too. It can't be easier for her to decide what kind of attitude to take towards me. But...I'm fine with that....I'll be waiting for her answer. No matter what that answer may be. But......How long do I need to wait? How long can I wait?
Kaori: "*Sigh*..."
I take a glance at Hatsumi to see her at her usual place, the doctor's desk, flipping through records and copying down directions. It'll just be awkward if I stay in the station like this...
Kaori: "I'll go check the patient rooms."
Hatsumi: "...You don't need to ask for permission for that."
Kaori: "O-Oh...right..."
Oof, shot down... Staying around is probably going to get me depressed. But I really can't afford to be. "When yer young and in love, ya can just muscle yer way through it. But the older ya get, the more yer better judgement gets in the way."
"But she's got a lot on 'er plate, and a bunch more experience, so all ya can do is wait for her to catch up."
Yeah, I can wait! Though since I'm just waiting, there's not much I can actually do. I can't get impatient or make a fuss... I'll have to do the best job of waiting that I can! ...And, though I made up my mind to do that...
Kaori: "...She...hasn't sent me any messages..."
I know nothing's coming, but I can't help looking at my phone. I'm the one who decided to wait, but just sitting around is really worrying, so I end up wanting something to calm me down. Worry overcomes me, and unpleasant thoughts start to cross my mind. Maybe Hatsumi doesn't want to deal with a younger partner like me anymore. Or maybe she prefers someone more grown up and less childish than me, someone who understands things better. Or maybe she hates me now....Oof. Thinking when you're anxious never leads to anything good. And I know that, but I just can't help it! Then, Yamanouchi's face comes to mind. "Pointless thinking'll get ya nowhere."
Maybe...maybe this is pointless thinking. Oh, she said something else, too...      "If pushing gets you nowhere, try pulling back.       If pulling back gets you nowhere, try pushin'."
         "And if that doesn't work, either...?"
"Everyone approaches relationships differently. Make the dosage just right, do things in moderation, keep your desires and reason in a good balance, and proceed properly."
Kaori: "...If pushing gets me nowhere, try pulling back. If pulling back gets me nowhere, try pushing. And if that doesn't work..."
My intuition whispers me my next move. And I'm going to follow that intuition...like I always do. I close my eyes and take some deep breaths as myself. It's my usual spell, the careful breathing that calms me down.
Kaori: "......"
Then, I slowly open my eyes. Go ask directly. Wait a little. All right! I can't waste time worrying, so I'd better go ask her directly! You know, I should wait a little. She's got a lot on her plate, so I want to wait for when she has a little bit of breathing room.
Kaori: "Hyowah?!"
I-I think I was sleeping a little! I look at the phone in my hands to see I have a message.
Kaori: "Oh, it's from Hatsumi!"
And it says...
Kaori: "Let's see...‘Please come to my room, there's something I want to talk about’..."
...... Talk about a direct message... That's what I'd expect from Hatsumi, though.
Kaori: "All right, time to pay her a visit...!"
Hatsumi: "......"
Kaori: "......"
I'm sitting across from Hatsumi in her room, facing her directly. She looks nervous.
Hatsumi: "Close your eyes..."
Kaori: "Okay."
I close my eyes as she asks. Then, I feel something warm and soft touch my eyelids. This has to be Hatsumi's palm. I'm swept up in the strange sensation of my consciousness focusing on the sensation of Hatsumi's hand. I hear something from afar.
???: "...ri...Kaori..."
Someone is calling out to me. A familiar voice. I slowly open my eyes. Huh...? Am I...in that dream I always have...?
Kaori: "!"
I flinch a bit when I notice the usual girl is in front of me.
Kaori: "You're...!"
To my surprise, her outline grows hazy, and her face shifts from how I looked in childhood to that of another girl's.
Kaori: "A-And you're...!"
The door of my memory is pried open. I know this girl. You can't remember her! She's...!
???: "I've wanted to see you for so long, Kaori...!"
...It hurts. My entire body hurts. It burns, it hurts, it's crushingly tight, it's...cold. As all the warm blood drains from my body, my temperature drops further and further.
???: "Kaori, I'm so sorry. It's my fault."
Kaori: "...***..."
I try to call the name of the collapsed girl in front of me, but I realize I can't remember it. My arm won't listen to me, but I desperately move it to reach towards the girl. I touch the hand of a wet body. *** won't budge. I try to shake her, but her fingers are too slippery to get a good grip on. Please, ***, look at me...! I hold onto ***'s arm tight with a numb hand. When I do, someone else's consciousness pours into me.
???: "I won't let you die, Kaori. I can't let you die."
Kaori: "***..."
I'm so close...I'm so close to remembering... She's...!
???: "I can't laugh or cry with you anymore, Kaori. But there's something that only I can do."
It's coming back to me. She was my dear friend.
???: "Even if you forget me, we'll always be together...because I'll be inside you."
...We were...always together. We were really close, and when we went on field trips, we would eat our lunches together.
???: "And if I can protect you like that, Kaori, I don't need anything else."
She was a gentle girl, with a quiet laugh...I loved ***!
???: "If you're smiling happily, Kaori, that's all I need. So please...please, Kaori, don't die!"
I loved her!
Kaori: "Ha...Hazuki!"
Bright light engulfs me, and I close my eyes.
Hatsumi: "I'm sorry. I'm the one who sealed away your memory."
I hear Hatsumi's voice. I slowly open my eyes to see her in the light, wearing a lonely smile.
Kaori: "You what?"
Hatsumi: "You were fatally injured. Your liver and kidneys had ruptured, and the only way to save your life was an organ transplant."
Hatsumi: "Hazuki's organs were still intact, so I spoke with our parents. We decided to transplant her organs into you."
Hatsumi: "We needed Hazuki's power to make your body accept her liver and kidneys."
Hatsumi: "Hazuki no longer had her body, for her to use her ability freely, she didn't want you to find out that she was inside of you."
Hatsumi: "Your consciousness would likely reject Hazuki's ability if you noticed she was there, so I sealed your memories to stop that from happening."
Kaori: "...Hatsumi?"
She starts speaking with a forlorn expression. I wasn't the only one in that accident. My best friend Hazuki was hit, too. She was left mostly braindead, and I was on death's door from organ rupture. And to save my life, Hazuki's sister Hatsumi, and her parents, offered to transplant me her organs. I didn't know this, but Hazuki had powerful abilities of mental assimilation, so much so that they were researched by a certain organization....And when I think about it, she had injection marks in her arm, and she always wore long sleeves to hide them. Hazuki used that ability to dig herself into my consciousness before she died, then housed herself in organs as they were transplanted. And to keep Hazuki safely in those organs, Hatsumi tells me with a pained look, she personally sealed my memories. According to her, Hatsumi's ability is mental induction. It's not as powerful as Hazuki's ability, but she can make hypnotizing suggestions. Hazuki used her ability inside me to keep me alive when I was on death's door. As I grew older and time passed, Hatsumi's spell gradually wore off. And as that happened, I started to awaken to my own ability as Hazuki assimilated into me more and more......that ability being my healing hands. Apparently, when my healing hands manifest into the outside world, Hazuki's consciousness gains an ego. She'll help me when I'm in a pinch by switching personalities with me....That's that little spell I always cast on myself. When I picked up the habit, I gained the ability to switch with Hazuki freely. Which makes me think that that's when it was Hazuki, not Hatsumi, who was sealing my memories. Hazuki sealed my memories to suit her, and swapped in with me when needed... And Hatsumi kept quiet the whole time, knowing that Hazuki had awakened inside of me...
Hatsumi: "I think it's about time for us to bring our role to an end..."
Hatsumi smiles at me. Hatsumi, please, you don't need to smile in such a forlorn way. I'm begging you, don't put on such a sad face...
Hazuki: "Yeah...I know, sis."
I turn around in surprise to see Hazuki standing there. It's Hazuki, as she was so many years ago. My dear best friend from back then. Why had I forgotten her for so long? I might have had an enchanting suggestion to forget her cast on me, but why couldn't I remember such a dear friend?
Hazuki: "I'm really sorry, Kaori."
Hazuki: "I was truly happy, Kaori. Seeing what you saw, feeling what you felt..."
Kaori: "...Hazuki..."
She giggles a little.
Hazuki: "I'm glad to hear you call me by name. Just like when we were kids..."
Kaori: "H-Hazuki...!"
I try to walk up to her, but she stops me with a sad smile.
Hazuki: "I'm sorry, Kaori. I'm so sorry."
Hazuki: "...Though the reality is...I'm dead, so I knew that when you got better, I would have to disappear."
Hazuki: "But I just had so much fun living with you that I didn't want to disappear..."
Hazuki: "...I'm sorry. I started to want things."
Hazuki's words hit my head like a sack of bricks.
Hazuki: "I've think I've had a fun life thanks to you, Kaori. Like I've been alive myself."
Hazuki: "But...it's about time to bring that to an end. It's your life, so I've got to give it back to you."
Kaori: "Hazu...!"
Hazuki: "Sorry for veering...thank you. And goodbye, Kaori....I still love you..."
I understood everything.
Kaori: "......"
I wasn't living through my strength alone. My life was founded on the sacrifice of my dear Hazuki...! Despair fills my chest. I...I hadn't noticed her feelings. No, I stepped all over them as I went about life this whole time...! I deserve to disappear! I feel like my feet disappear. Sky and earth vanish. I fall... I keep falling and don't stop...
Hatsumi: "Come back! Sawai, come back! You can't let yourself be swallowed up by despair!"
As my consciousness sinks into free fall, Hatsumi's voice grabs it. Then, she pulls it up.
Hatsumi: "Live. You must live. You can't die -- live the life Hazuki couldn't."
That voice...
Hatsumi: "Come back! You need to live!"
...Oh, Hatsumi... That voice... So the voice in my dreams that always cheered me up was Hatsumi... My consciousness returns with the sensation of putting my face through water.
Hatsumi: "......"
I see Hatsumi before me, wearing a saddened smile. Is this...Hatsumi's room? I look around. Hazuki isn't here. Since the spell on my memory is broken, my mind feels fuzzy. It's like I'm still dreaming...
Hatsumi: "When I saw your resume in March, I could hardly believe my eyes. I only half believed it."
Hatsumi: "And come April, when I saw you, I realized that Hazuki was still inside you..."
Hatsumi: "But since I'm not as powerful as Hazuki, I couldn't do anything for either of you. All I could do...was watch."
There's so much pain on her voice. She isn't crying, but I can tell. Her heart is crying. Her gentle hand touches my hair...
Hatsumi: "This hairstyle...and this hairpin..."
Then, she touches my hairpin.
Hatsumi: "I thought I had lost it, but... My, this brings me back. I had bought this for Hazuki, you see."
I gasp.
Hatsumi: "A stall was selling them one night, during a summer festival. It was a cheap little thing, but it's the first time she ever asked me for anything..."
She strokes the hairpin with nostalgic movements, but slowly pulls away.
Hatsumi: "That goes for this room, too. I thought that if I kept it messy, one day she'd come back and clean it up for me."
She giggles. Her laugh is tinged with self deprecation.
Hatsumi: "Now you know, don't you? The crime I...the crime we've committed."
Kaori: "...crime?"
Hatsumi: "The two of us forcefully changed your life...and that's something that no one should do, no matter the reason."
Kaori: "But, but you were trying to save my life...!"
As if to deny my protest, Hatsumi gently shakes her head.
Hatsumi: "That does not change the fact that we did something immoral."
Kaori: "But...but if you hadn't done that, I wouldn't have met you, Hatsumi!"
Kaori: "I fell in love because I met you, Hatsumi!"
She chuckles again. The self hate in it makes my chest burn.
Hatsumi: "...You have the wrong idea. It was my little sister's...Hazuki's memories that dragged you to me and made you like me. That is all."
Kaori: "No!"
Hatsumi: "If it weren't for Hazuki's memories, you wouldn't have given the likes of me a second glance. You would've just fallen for someone else."
Kaori: "Hatsumi!"
I put my hands over my ears, not wanting to hear such sad words coming out of Hatsumi's mouth.
Hatsumi: "...I'm sorry. I was just so drawn to you that I...I took advantage of Hazuki being in you."
Kaori: "That's not true!"
I shake my head again and again, but her words keep attacking me one after another.
Hatsumi: "And I might have been using your feelings and treating you as a replacement for my sister."
Hatsumi: "...I...I'm not suitable for you."
Kaori: "That's not true at all!"
I hug Hatsumi tight, wanting her to stop.
Hatsumi: "It is! You just don't know it!"
Kaori: "I know it isn't true! Don't deny my feelings -- my feelings of love for you!"
Hatsumi: "There's someone better out there for you. You don't need to pick a washed out old lady like me."
I hear her teary words whispered into my ear. I cling to Hatsumi's neck and desperately shake my head.
Kaori: "I don't want to hear it. I love you, Hatsumi!"
Kaori: "You can't clean, you live in a messy room, you can't cook, you can't do any housework, you can't even make tea...but you're an expert nurse."
Kaori: "And that's the Hatsumi I respect! The Hatsumi I love! But you're not going to accept how I feel?!"
Kaori: "What do I have to say to get you to accept me?! I'll be your sister, I'll be a replacement for Hazuki, I'll be anything! Just please, love me!"
Hatsumi trembles in my arms seeming surprised.
Hatsumi: "...B-But, I...I work hard to help you, but I'm really clumsy and slow, you know...?"
Hatsumi: "I drop things a lot, and I forget things all the time. You wouldn't believe it...it would really turn you off."
Kaori: "No it wouldn't! I don't mind that at all! I think that part of you is really cute, and I'll help cover your weakness!"
Hatsumi: "Did you forget how I messed up communicating with you on your first day, so you had to come from the dorm in your nurse uniform?"
Hatsumi: "Or how I forgot to tell you what documents and had you go to your dorm and back to the admin office again?!"
Kaori: "That happened so long ago I've forgotten it all! And besides, I wouldn't mind running all over the place for you, Hatsumi!"
Hatsumi: "A-And I'm already old! Someone younger and closer to your age would be better!"
Kaori: "But you're cute, Hatsumi! And there's no one who's as cute as you that I can look up to, either!"
Hatsumi: "......"
She falls speechless in my arms. I squeeze Hatsumi tight and put all my feelings into my next words.
Kaori: "I deeply respect you as a nurse. But more than that...I just love you as a person, Hatsumi!"
Kaori: "And you can tell, right? That I'm not lying? That my feelings are real?"
Hatsumi: "......"
I feel something warm fall onto my neck. Hatsumi's...tears...?
Hatsumi: "...You silly."
She buries her face in my check. Drops of emotion, gently falling down. My heart fills with warmth...
Kaori: "I am silly. But doesn't anyone get a little silly when they're in love?"
I hold Hatsumi even tighter.
Kaori: "How about we both become silly together? Or do you not want to?"
Hatsumi looks up at me. Wearing a tearful smile on her painfully beautiful face.
Hatsumi: "...Now that's no fair...that offer, it's too tempting..."
Her face grows closer to mine. I can see her close her eyes. I quietly close mine, as well. Our lips touch. It's such a sweet, soft sensation. I slide my tongue onto her lips, wanting to feel more of them. It's sweet enough to put my heart into a numb stupor....I want more... As I gently lick Hatsumi's lips, she purses them tightly.
Kaori: "...Chief, could you please...open your mouth?"
She quivers in surprise. As her moist eyelashes quiver, she gazes back at me.
Hatsumi: "My mouth...?"
Kaori: "Yes. Could you open it...?"
Though surprised, Hatsumi......opens her mouth wide, like a chick waiting for a meal.
Hatsumi: "Like this? Ahh..."
Kaori: "......"
Is she not aware, or did she do this on purpose? ...No. No, she's definitely not aware.
Kaori: "Oh, Hatsumi...are you trying to eat me?"
Hatsumi: "Ah...!"
Crimson covers her face.
Hatsumi: "I-I, I just don't know anything about this sort of thing...!"
Kaori: "...Now that's just the cutest thing about you. And you're older than me, too...it's no fair...!"
Before Hatsumi can say anything, I seal her lips. It's a deep kiss. Oh, if only we could just melt into each other like this...! It's hard to breathe. I'm so happy I start to feel dizzy.
Hatsumi: "Mm... W-Well, I can't help it! This is my first love!"
First love?! I had picked up hints that that might be the case, but Hatsumi's never been in love before! Which means I'm her first!
Kaori: "That makes me really happy, Hatsumi. So I can leave my mark on you all I want, right?!"
Hatsumi: "...Mm, th-there you go again..."
Hatsumi whispers with a face as bashful as can be.
Hatsumi: "...Silly..."
====================scr00711.kgo====================
Things are going really great with the Chief! We're Chief and grunt nurse at the hospital, but we're a lovey-dovey pair in our private lives! And right now, Hatsumi has on her perfect nurse mask and is working hard. And I'm doing my best to catch up to her as an average nurse who looks up to the Chief.
Hatsumi: "Hey, Yamanouchi! Miss Choto's out of the hospital next week, have you written her summary?"
Yasuko: "Sorry, I'm behind on that! I'm up to my eyeballs in work over here!"
Hatsumi: "Well, make the time, or push it onto someone else! We can't send Miss Choto home empty handed."
Yasuko: "Hey, Fujisawa! Can ya write Miss Choto's summary?!"
Nagisa: "This again?! You pushed Tsukushi's summary onto me, and now you're doing it again?!"
Yasuko: "Man, I can't ask ya for anythin', can I?! Sawai, make up for yer senpai! Write it up!"
Kaori: "W-Wait, me?!"
Hatsumi: "Good idea. Sawai, you'll have to write up Miss Sakai's transfer summary, so this will make for good practice."
Kaori: "B-But!"
My protests fall on deaf ears, and Senpai and Yamanouchi head out of the station, leaving me to write the summary. Hatsumi and I are the only ones left in the station. She giggles.
Hatsumi: "...Really, of all the full time staff here, you're the one with the least amount of patients. Meaning that you have the most free time."
Hatsumi: "Furthermore, writing a summary allows you to reflect on a patient's condition and how they were cared for. It will serve as some nice studying for you."
Hatsumi: "Miss Choto's leaving the hospital, so you don't have to write it with the immense detail of a transfer summary. You can relax a little with it."
Kaori: "...Can I really manage to write one of these, though?"
She chuckles at me.
Hatsumi: "Don't worry. I wouldn't have asked you if I thought you couldn't do it."
She has such a gentle smile. Her eyes tell me she trusts me.
Hatsumi: "If there's anything you don't understand, I'll help you with it directly...all right?"
Kaori: "Really?! I'm holding you to that!"
With a giggle, she pats my shoulder. Then, I feel something soft on my forehead.
Hatsumi: "...You're so cute, Kaori. We'll continue this later, all right?"
I hang my mouth open for a moment...
Kaori: "You bet!"
Kaori: "Phew, I'm beat!"
I dive right into bed. Today, Miss Choto left the hospital with my summary in hand. Apparently, she's to bring that summary to her neighborhood clinic. But I can't afford to rest on my laurels. Next, I'm going to have to write Miss Sakai's transfer summary, too. She's bringing it to the university hospital, so it's going to be really difficult to write...and that's got me really nervous!
Kaori: "Hm...? A text...?"
I drag myself up and pick up my phone.
Kaori: "Hmm...oh, it's from Hatsumi!"
"Good work today. What would you say to dinner in my room? Now, I won't force you if you're not up to it..."
Kaori: "I-I'll be there right away!!"
I quickly respond and put my shoes back on.
Hatsumi: "Welcome, Kaori. Sorry to invite you over so suddenly."
A really delicious smell fills the room.
Kaori: "Oh, I'm really glad you invited me. I was hungry, too!"
Hatsumi: "My, Kaori!"
I giggle as I take off my shoes and walk into the room....Hm? There were some awfully masculine shoes at the front door. I wonder if Hatsumi's picked up crossdressing, or something? Oh, just about anything would look good on Hatsumi! ...There's an unfamiliar man in this familiar room. The man turns back and looks at me.
Kaori: "...!"
I've seen this man before! That scary face!
Kaori: "Eeeep!"
???: "!!"
When I scream, Hatsumi holds me tight.
Hatsumi: "It's all right, don't worry! This is my father!"
The warmth of the Chief's voice calms me before I fall into a panic.
Hatsumi: "I'm sorry for surprising you like that. My father said he really wanted to see you, so..."
Kaori: "Your...father...?"
Hatsumi: "That's right. Though, we're not blood related."
She chuckles.
Hatsumi: "He's met you quite a few times, you know."
Kaori: "He what...?"
I peek out from behind Hatsumi to look at the man.
Kaori: "!!"
When our eyes meet, I slip back behind Hatsumi....I can't help it, his face is really scary...
Hatsumi: "...You might not remember, but you called him a stalker, and..."
Before she can finish, the man faces me and bows his head.
Kaori: "!!"
E-Er... He's...bowing?! He's bowing his head to the floor at me!
Otsuka: "I am truly sorry for scaring you!"
Wait, what?!
Otsuka: "I simply wanted to see that you'd grown up healthy when I heard you began working under Hatsumi!"
Otsuka: "I'm sorry for scaring you like that. Please, I beg your forgiveness!"
Hatsumi gently hugs my shoulder.
Hatsumi: "Goodness, Father. Your face is so scary that you'd make anyone shudder!"
Otsuka: "What do you mean I have a scary face?!"
Eep!
Otsuka: "...Hearing that makes papa want to cry. Mind if I cry?"
His scary face softens up a little. Even softened up, he still looks scary, but...I feel he feels a little more familiar. Maybe. His face is still scary, though. And his voice is kind of scary, too.
Hatsumi: "I didn't go that far, drop your persecution complex. And quit that gross way of talking."
Otsuka: "You're so harsh, Hatsumi. You're going to scare off Kaori, talking like that."
Hatsumi: "Oh, you needn't worry. I don't have a face as scary as yours."
Otsuka: "There you go, being mean again... That's not the girl I remember bringing up!"
Hatsumi: "When I became your legal child, I was 18 -- already mature and brought up. You didn't raise me at all."
Otsuka: "Harsh as always, Hatsumi. Hahaha!"
Kaori: "...Um..."
Hatsumi's father does have a scary face, but when you look closer, he has pretty gentle eyes... And listening to their exchange makes me think they really could be blood related. It's an adorable scene, really. Then, Mr. Otsuka's face tenses up and he bows his head to me again.
Otsuka: "There's another thing I need to apologize to you about."
Hatsumi: "F-Father!"
Hatsumi scramble to try and stop him, but Mr. Otsuka shakes his head and bows his head on the ground to be again.
Otsuka: "I was the one who caused your and Hazuki's accident."
My mind blanks out when I hear that.
Hatsumi: "Father!"
Otsuka: "...It's all right, Hatsumi. I can't keep quiet any longer. I want to apologize to Kaori myself."
Otsuka: "I won't ask you to forgive me for the accident. I'll do whatever you ask me to do."
Otsuka: "If you tell me to die, I'll die right here, right now. I'm truly sorry!"
Kaori: "......"
Hatsumi: "Father! It wasn't your fault!"
Hatsumi: "It was just misfortune, a total accident! I saw it! I know!"
Hatsumi looks at me. And her eyes make something build up inside of me. My memories become clearer and clearer. It was back when I was still in elementary school. I would always go back home with my best friend Hazuki. One day, on our way home, Hazuki suddenly said she wouldn't be able to walk home with me. I asked her why, but she wouldn't tell me. I think I was a little confused, worried that my best friend didn't like me anymore. Maybe she just misspoke, or said something she wasn't even thinking. Hazuki had on a sad smile. She had been really sick for a long time, and she'd been coughing all day that day. Worried at how Hazuki wouldn't say anything, I told her we weren't friends anymore... She looked a little hurt, but then smiled again...
Hazuki: "Yeah, you should just forget me."
I remember how shocked I was to see that smile. Then, right after saying that, she started coughing violently...
Kaori: "Hazuki?!"
That's when I noticed we'd fallen out onto the road, and a big truck was coming our way.
Hazuki: "Kaori!"
Hazuki covered me with her body, and then... As I flew through the air after impact, I saw the man in the driver's seat. The driver with the scary face. So that was Mr. Otsuka......Fear pours into me. The fear of seeing two girls suddenly run out in front of your car... And before I know it, tears are streaming down my face.
Hatsumi: "...I guarantee you my father is being genuine."
Hatsumi reaches out to me.
Hatsumi: "That accident cost my father his family and his job..."
Hatsumi: "Yet amidst all that, he came to your family and mine with genuineness and respect."
Her gentle hand runs down my cheek.
Hatsumi: "My mother was struck by his sincerity and married him."
Her delicate fingers gently wipe my tears away.
Hatsumi: "When you get back to your parents' house, do listen to what they have to say... I think they'll tell you just how in pieces my father was over you."
I slowly shake my head at Hatsumi's suggestion.
Kaori: "It's all right. I understand."
Hatsumi: "You understand?"
Kaori: "I understand that...your father's not a scary person."
I gently grip the hand wiping my tears.
Kaori: "He's acknowledged by the woman I love, isn't he? There's no way he could be a scary person, then."
Hatsumi: "Kaori..."
Kaori: "Hatsumi..."
We take up each other's hands and gaze into each other's eyes.
Otsuka: "Oh, er...ahem. Your father's still in the room, and..."
Hatsumi: "Mind your own business, dad!"
Otsuka: "O-Oh, sorry."
I can't help but grin at the father-daughter routine. Otsuka's smiling bashfully, too. And Hatsumi has on a bit of an embarrassed beam, herself.
Kaori: "...Aha."
...Suddenly, I feel really...blessed. I'm fortunate to be surrounded by such good people, and to be cared for by them. Hatsumi, Senpai, Yamanouchi, everyone in the ward... Miss Sakai, Ami, all of the patients... There's so many good people around me. And that's not all. My father, my mother, my little sister, Hatsumi and her mother, Mr. Otsuka...they've always been watching me from afar. And Hazuki inside me protected me, ensuring that I'd live to this day...
Kaori: "Hatsumi...thanks for everything you've done."
Hatsumi: "Thanks for...everything? Kaori?"
She looks worried to hear that. So I smile brightly at her.
Kaori: "And I look forward to our lives together!"
She replies with a soft smile of her own...
Hatsumi: "Likewise!"
And she hugs me tight. The sensation I feel on my lips... It just brings so much joy that I find myself wanting to cry. So I hold Hatsumi even tighter. I want her to know, even if it's just a little... How much I love her. How dearly I think of her.
====================scr00712.kgo====================
It's finally the day of Miss Sakai's transfer to the university hospital. After finishing her preparations, Miss Sakai came to the nurses station herself.
Hatsumi: "I don't think it'll be easy, but do your best with your treatment, all right?"
Sayuri: "I intend to. I'm getting back to Tsubomigasaki and becoming a nurse no matter what, so I can't afford to let a little intensive treatment take my life."
Sayuri: "I want to be a nurse like you, Chief. Since I have a practical role model to follow, I'm more eager than ever!"
Then, Miss Sakai takes a glance at me with knowing eyes.
Sayuri: "But I can't say I approve of your taste. You should really reconsider."
Grr!
Kaori: "Th-That's not true! Hatsu...the Chief is perfect!"
Hatsumi: "Kao...S-Sawai..."
Sayuri: "......"
Nagisa: "*Sigh*..."
Miss Sakai falls speechless, and Senpai lets out a big sigh beside me.
Sayuri: "I guess love does make you stupid."
Hatsumi: "......"
Hatsumi quivers at Miss Sakai's words. It looks like she's embarrassed. Oh, her neck's getting all red...so cute...
Kaori: "Eheheh, I got complimented!"
Sayuri: "How could you read that as a compliment?"
Nagisa: "How could you think that's a compliment?!"
Miss Sakai and Senpai set the record straight and almost the same time.
Sayuri: "Miss Fujisawa...and I didn't really like you. Rather, I didn't like you at all, but now that I see your charge and boss are an obnoxious couple, I have to feel pity."
Nagisa: "My, my. I think we might be surprisingly on the same page, Miss Sakai. Though I didn't really like you much...or actually, not at all."
Sayuri: "When my treatment is over and I come back to this hospital, I think I'll give this couple an awfully hard time."
Nagisa: "When you do, let me in on it. I'll back you up!"
Huh? Is it just me, or are Miss Sakai and Senpai teaming up in the weirdest way...? And Yamanouchi, well...
Yasuko: "...Heh heh."
She's watching us from afar, grinning to herself.
Kaori: "Y-Yamanouchi...?"
Yasuko: "Battle of the tsunderes...they fight over the apple of their eyes, but find themselves drawn to one another, eventually culminating in love...heh heh...!"
Kaori: "......"
I'll leave her to herself. Better to let sleeping dogs lie.
Sayuri: "Well, everyone, it's been lovely. Hasta la vista."
I watch Miss Sakai's back as she gets onto the elevator....I just know we'll meet again... As if to comfort me in my worry, Hatsumi pats me on the shoulder.
Hatsumi: "Now then, everyone, let's get back to work! The patients are waiting for us."
She's right. Miss Sakai isn't our only patient. There's plenty of patients in this ward.
Yasuko: "And here I thought this was the perfect chance to goof off!"
Nagisa: "Hey, someone's making highly inappropriate comments! Chief, please stop being nice and give her the iron fist!"
Hatsumi: "I'm not being nice. And I don't like being made to repeat myself, either."
Kaori: "Senpai, Yamanouchi, come on! Let's stop messing around and get to work!"
Nagisa: "Hmph! What's gotten into you? Trying to act all nice for the Chief! Hmph, Sawai, you dummy!"
Yasuko: "Yeah, you said it! Yer getting' way too mouthy, Sawai!"
Kaori: "N-No I'm not! You've got it all wrong!"
Hatsumi is giggling away.
Hatsumi: "Let's leave the chatter at that and get back to work. We're still on the clock, everyone."
Kaori: "Yes, ma'am!"
Though Senpai and Yamanouchi made fun of me, I decide to return to the nurses station with Hatsumi.
???: "...Did I keep you waiting?"
I slowly turn around. The Chief...Hatsumi walks over to me and smiles.
Kaori: "No, not much. And I just...really love the view from up here. I just want to keep staring out into the distance..."
Hatsumi: "It was where the patients came to rest, after all."
When I was taking off my uniform, I noticed a note in my pocket along with a key to the roof. It said "Come later."
I was really worried that I might've kept Hatsumi working, but I'm glad I hadn't...
Hatsumi: "...I feel really bad about taking such a valuable spot away from the patients."
Kaori: "You do?"
Hatsumi: "But I don't think I made the wrong decision....We're nurses, after all."
Hatsumi: "This is where patients came to rejuvenate themselves. Of course I knew about it."
Kaori: "Wh..."
Hatsumi knew that patients came up onto the roof...? She giggles.
Hatsumi: "I'm the chief of this ward. How could I not know where the patients go?"
The hem of the Chief's uniform flutters in the gentle breeze.
Hatsumi: "Really, I do think the roof should be locked as a safety precaution, but..."
She lets out a soft smile.
Hatsumi: "But such overbearing, suffocating surveillance can't be good for the patients, can it? We can allow them their freedom if we're cautious enough to stop problems from happening."
Hatsumi: "I look at you the same way. I know you've been traumatized, but I can't just spoil you."
Such gentle eyes. Hatsumi's always watched over me, hasn't she? With gentle eyes like this, and sometimes with needed strictness. And she always will... My heart leaps.
Kaori: "Hatsumi..."
Hatsumi: "Don't look at me with those eyes. You'll make me blush..."
She looks away from me with orange cheeks. Her eyes are turned to a horizon that's every bit as orange. Hatsumi looks on with nostalgic eyes.
Hatsumi: "...When I first started working at this hospital, I used to come up to this roof often."
Hatsumi: "Whenever the head nurse gave me a harsh scolding, or a patient passed away, I would come here to cry...much like you'll cry in the stairs."
Kaori: "...!"
Sh-She knew that I cried in the stairs...?!
Hatsumi: "The view from here hasn't changed in the slightest..."
As I see those gentle, nostalgic eyes, a strange frustration bubbles up inside me. Jealousy. I'm jealous of all the people who know sides of Hatsumi that I don't. I want to change the topic, but I also want to hear Hatsumi talk about her past. So I decide to change the topic to something we both know: her memories of Miss Sakai.
Kaori: "...Miss Sakai loved this roof, too. She would always look at the sea from here or the window in her room."
Hatsumi: "......"
Kaori: "She was an awful patient to have. She'd complain at me or be mean to me no matter what I did."
Kaori: "And every time I got depressed after another verbal lashing from her, I'd wish that she'd just get discharged soon, but...I do miss her, now that she's gone..."
Hatsumi: "...Miss Sakai had it good. She could at least walk out of the hospital."
Kaori: "What?"
Hatsumi: "When you keep up with this job, you come into contact with all sorts of patients who get discharged."
Hatsumi: "It's always painful to see young patients end up with their bodies going quiet, and having professionals take them out the hospital's back door in stretchers..."
Hatsumi: "So when you see patients like Miss Sakai walk out on their own, you stop worrying about their acid tongues."
She has a point. Yeah. Watching a patient walk out is going to be way better than seeing them leaving the hospital dead!
Hatsumi: "...You've been talking about Miss Sakai all day today..."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Hatsumi: "...I can understand that there must be a lot going through your mind right now, with your first patient out of the hospital. But..."
Hatsumi goes quiet and fidgets with her skirt a little....Wait, is she...
Kaori: "Ha...tsumi...?"
Hatsumi: "I'm the chief of this ward, so I can't let it show on my face, you know? But Miss Sakai's all you've been talking about....It makes me wonder if you're trying to make me jealous."
Kaori: "Were...were you jealous?"
She stops fiddling with her uniform and shoots me a glare.
Hatsumi: "I wouldn't be talking about this if I wasn't, would I?"
Is it a trick of the light that I think she almost looks like she's going to cry?
Kaori: "...I'm sorry."
I come up right next to Hatsumi, close as I can, as she huffingly watches the horizon.
Kaori: "Hatsumi, you're always really cool and collected, so I didn't even imagine you would think like that."
Hatsumi: "...Well, I'm the chief of the ward..."
As she poutily whispers, she leans herself into me. The warmth and weight of her body are the comfiest thing in the world.
Kaori: "I'll be careful, then. I'll make sure not to make you jealous."
Hatsumi: "I would appreciate that."
She looks up at me with sweet eyes, like she wants to coax something from me. Can...can I kiss her?
Hatsumi: "Kaori..."
Hatsumi calls my name....Can I? I really do want to kiss her, but...will she yell at me for it later...? She'll probably say "we're on the job"
and stop me at the last second, and leave me wanting.
Kaori: "U-Um...can...can I kiss you?"
Hatsumi: "......"
She stares right at me. Those unwavering eyes make me suddenly feel embarrassed.
Kaori: "...S-Sorry, that was inappropriate. We're at work, and I'm wearing my nurse uniform and everything..."
Hatsumi: "...I locked the door."
Kaori: "!!"
Wait...that means...! That we're REALLY the only people on the roof! And Hatsumi's the one who locked it! Which means she...can I...?
Hatsumi: "The day shift just ended. Only the night shift workers are on now. And besides..."
Hatsumi's face draws closer.
Kaori: "And besides...?"
Hatsumi: "Think of the situation. We're in our nurse uniforms, at work...isn't it exciting?"
Kaori: "It's extremely exciting..."
I giggle and bring my lips to hers.
Hatsumi: "...I'm glad you understand. How about...some more...?"
Hatsumi's offer is very tempting, but...
Kaori: "...I wouldn't mind kissing here, but I want to take my time in your room."
Hatsumi: "My, my, Kaori."
She giggles back at me. She's in her nurse uniform, but she has her true face on.
Hatsumi: "Then let's head back right away! Let's get changed and get home!"
I have to giggle at that, myself. She's really come around to showing me her cute side lately. And I just can't express enough how much I love that.
Kaori: "Um, Hatsumi?"
Hatsumi: "Yes? What is it?"
Kaori: "...Hatsumi, I love you!"
Hatsumi follows my giggle with her own...
Hatsumi: "....I know that, you big silly. And I'm sure you know how I feel without me saying it, don't you?"
Kaori: "Of course I do!"
Hatsumi. The love of my life, and a dear "sister,"
too....Don't worry, Hazuki, I'll take good care of Hatsumi... So...keep watching over us from inside me, all right? I grip the hand Hatsumi offers tight. She pulls on it, and I look up to see her gentle smile.
Hatsumi: "I love you, Kaori."
Then comes a gracious, gentle and sweet kiss. Vowing to myself that I'll never let go of the hand of my beloved as the darkness of evening slowly descends upon us on the roof, we kiss again and again.
====================scr00721.kgo====================
I haven't been able to love on Hatsumi much since then. I want to go back to our dorm and get busy, but Hatsumi's the Chief, so she often has to bring work home. Which does she care about more? Work, or me?! ...All right, I never want to actually say that to her, but still...
Hatsumi: "Sawai, are you listening?! Have you written Miss Choto's summary?!"
When she really gets on my case like this, it's a little...yeah.
Kaori: "I've finished the summary. I also contacted Mr. Toshiru's family. They'll be coming over this weekend."
Hatsumi: "My, so they're actually coming to visit... That family hasn't been the easiest to deal with. "
Hatsumi: "They've kept postponing their visit to the hospital, and they wouldn't let us talk about moving Mr. Toshiru to a home..."
Kaori: "I've organized Mr. Toshiru's x-rays and electrocardiographs, as well. His summary draft is finished, too."
Nagisa: "...Not bad, Sawai."
Yasuko: "All to impress the Chief, no doubt... Go get ‘em, Sawai! I'm a-rootin’ for ya!"
Senpai and Yamanouchi holler from the peanut gallery. I let their comments pass me by and scope out Hatsumi a little. Yamanouchi's right -- I'm doing this to impress Hatsumi! I want her to compliment me! What's wrong with that?! But.
Hatsumi: "Quit chattering and get back to work!"
But...but I'm doing my job...! I got caught in the crossfire aimed at Yamanouchi and Senpai!
Hatsumi: "Sawai, I'm glad about what you've done for Mr. Toshiru, but how's your work been on Miss Sakai's transfer? Have you finished her summary yet?!"
That makes me go pale. Oh no! I just thought about impressing her and didn't actually do the work I was supposed to do!
Kaori: "S-Sorry, I'll get right on it!"
Hatsumi: "What have you been doing this whole time? Snap back to work!"
Kaori: "Eep, sorry!"
Yasuko: "No need to get all bashful, Chief! Hyah hyah, look at this couple!"
Yamanouchi wastes no time in egging us on. Hatsumi, however, looks at her with cool eyes and scoffs.
Hatsumi: "I'm sorry to disappoint, but Sawai and I don't have the kind of connection you seem to think we do."
She's strict on the job as always. And speaks as harshly as ever! ...But that side of her is so appealing. It grabs hold of me and doesn't let go. And the moment we step out of the hospital, she turns honey-sweet. Senpai slips up to me and whispers in my ear.
Nagisa: "Sawai, how about you give up on that rough old maid and go with me? Let's get a sweet thing going on..."
Senpai's whisper is very tempting, but... But my heart is with the woman at the doctor's desk, watching us with sharp, jealous eyes.
Hatsumi: "That's enough chatter! Everyone, get back to work!"
Kaori: "Yes, ma'am!"
In any case, I think I'm really happy where I am. And I've got to work even harder. That way, I can proudly walk forward next to the woman I love!
====================scr00731.kgo====================
Nagisa: "......"
Yasuko: "......"
Senpai and Yamanouchi watch me from afar.
Kaori: "What's the matter, you two? Is there something on my face?"
Nagisa: "...No, there's nothing there, but..."
Yasuko: "Hey, Sawai? Think ya could write up Miss Choto's discharge summary for me?"
Kaori: "Oh, I already wrote it for you. You had a lot on your plate, so the Chief told me to help you out."
Yasuko: "No foolin'?!"
Yasuko: "Whoa, ya really got it all written up..."
Nagisa: "Hey, Sawai, what's gotten into you? I mean, don't take this the wrong way, but you've been a little TOO on top of things lately."
Kaori: "I...I have?"
Nagisa: "Yeah...I hate to admit it, but you're doing really well. You take care of work super quickly, the quality is high, you don't make mistakes..."
Nagisa: "Seriously, what happened to you? It's like you're a veteran nurse..."
Senpai peers at me with worried eyes. I really don't want to worry her. Because she's...she's my dear senpai.
Kaori: "...I woke up."
Nagisa: "Sawai...?"
Kaori: "Let's get to work, then. If we don't finish up, the night shifters'll show up on us."
Hatsumi: "Here you go..."
There's some hot milk filled with honey in front of me. One of my favorite drinks....Wait, favorite? Did I always like milk with honey this much...? Well, whatever... I quietly reach out to it. The heat of the drink fills my palm. I drink the honeyed milk down.
Kaori: "...Hey, Sis, are we sure we want to do this?"
Hatsumi: "Well, we don't have much of a choice, do we?"
Kaori: "...Right you are."
Hatsumi gazes at me with merciful eyes. Then, she gently strokes my cheek.
Hatsumi: "I'll always be waiting for you."
She's so calm, so gentle.
Hatsumi: "We'll protect the place you'll come back to...and always be waiting for you."
Everything about her feels so comforting. The loving eyes she has cast on me, the heartfelt warmth I feel from her hand...
Hatsumi: "So...you don't need to worry about a thing. You can sleep as long as you want, or you can wake up."
But I have to say, drinking hot honeyed milk in an air-conditioned room when it's hot out is just the best...
Hatsumi: "I wonder if you can hear me, my cute little Kaori..."
I love you too, Hatsumi... I wonder if she can hear my voice? ...I'm sure she can. That's why she's watching over me with those eyes. I love you, Hatsumi. I really do... I feel secure, and comfortably close my eyes.
====================scr00741.kgo====================
But... We're on the clock now, so I should avoid personal questions. I'll take my time and ask later, when we're both alone... With that in mind, my eyes meet with the Chief's.
Hatsumi: "......"
She quickly turns away. Huh? Wondering if I made her cross, I take another look at her to see that her earlobes are red.
Kaori: "U-Um...Chief?"
Hatsumi: "...Don't look at me like that. You'll make me blush."
The Chief hurries out of the nurses station....She's so cute. I check the room number. Room 206. This is the Chief's....... Huh? Is the Chief not back yet?
Kaori: "Oh. Well, she is the Chief, so she's got to be really busy."
Oh well. I'll just leave her a note.
Kaori: "Er...‘there's something I'd like to ask you, so please give me a call when you're back.’... There we go."
I slip the note into the door and take my leave.
Kaori: "Coming!"
Hatsumi: "G-Good evening..."
Kaori: "Welcome back! Sorry to call you over like this!"
The Chief came all the way up to my room. Oh no, my heart's pounding so fast I can hardly look her in the face! She seems pretty nervous herself, so we both just fidget at the door.
Hatsumi: "U-Um...may I come in?"
Kaori: "Oh, sorry, where are my manners?! Please, come on in!"
We sit down facing each other in the middle of my room. I know I need to say something, but I just can't think of anything to say. Or, rather...I'm really bad at cat and mouse games like these.
Kaori: "Um...er... Chief. I love you!"
She looks a little surprised, then smiles back at me.
Hatsumi: "...I see. Well, I love you, too."
Kaori: "I'm so happy to hear that...!"
So we're on the same page! Ahh, I'm going to melt!
Kaori: "I want to know everything about you, Chief!"
The Chief gently smiles at me. All right, now's the perfect time to ask! Asking her straight up is all I can do, but I'm sure the Chief will respond to my feelings in kind!
Kaori: "Did you have a little sister, Chief?"
Hatsumi: "I do."
Kaori: "And is she kind of like me?"
She takes a good look at my face, then puts on a knowing smile.
Hatsumi: "You know...she really was."
She reaches out and pulls me into her soft chest.
Hatsumi: "Now why would you ask that? It isn't just because you want to know about me, isn't it?"
Kaori: "...You're right."
It's not like I wasn't hesitant, but... I decide to tell the Chief about my dreams.
Kaori: "Well...this girl who looks a lot like me shows up in my dreams all the time."
Kaori: "And she calls you her big sister..."
Hatsumi: "I see..."
She hugs me tighter. I try looking up, but her warm admonition won't let me.
Hatsumi: "I'm sure the girl in your dreams is another you."
The Chief's voice rings gently in my mind.
Hatsumi: "I've heard of a symptom in which the patient speaks to another self in dreams..."
Kaori: "So that's...another me...?"
Come to think of it, she was saying something along those lines...
Hatsumi: "And I'm sure you won't see her in your dreams anymore."
Kaori: "I won't...?"
I try to look up, but she holds me tight again. A sweet numbness starts to fill my mind...
Hatsumi: "I'll always be by your side. You don't have to worry about a thing."
Kaori: "......"
She hugs me even tighter. It gets a little hard to breathe. Part of me wants to keep on holding me, but a voice in my head tells me I can't keep going like this.
Kaori: "But..."
Hatsumi: "I solved your stalker problem, too, didn't I?"
Hatsumi: "I'll always be by your side, and I'll always protect you. So you don't need to worry about a thing..."
I hear a faint voice. A young voice calls my name... Or at least, I think one did. I can't hear that voice anymore....I can't hear anything anymore, except for the Chief's voice...
Hatsumi: "I'll protect you. You don't have to worry about a thing."
Her gentle voice pours in through my ear and seeps into every molecule of every cell in my body. The pressure, the worry, all of it just disappears...
Kaori: "...Yes, ma'am."
Hatsumi: "Good girl."
A kiss on my forehead. Part of me wonders if it's a good idea to keep going on like this. My questions haven't been answered. But... Right now, I just want to give myself over to the Chief's gentle kiss. I don't need to know a thing. Because the Chief is going to always be by my side...
====================scr00751.kgo====================
It's already spring. A year and a half has passed since Hatsumi and I communicated our feelings, and it will soon be two years since I came to Yurigahama. About the time we had just gotten all romantic with each other, an issue was exposed in the surgical ward one floor below us. They apparently had semi-regular problems in the past, so this time they reorganized the staff. The internal medicine ward was as stable as it could be, and with the efforts of Head Nurse Tokiwa, in charge of both the surgical and internal medicine wards, the outpatient ward had calmed down, too. Since things had slowed down, hospital management seemed to have welcomed this trouble with open arms. They handled the lack of staff in the surgical ward with part-time workers and contractors. With the help of Hatsumi, a reliable person she knew as a student became the surgical ward chief. Tokiwa is head nurse of both the internal medicine and surgical ward, and she supports the chief of surgery, so Hatsumi is now virtually both the chief and head nurse of the internal medicine ward, making her very busy. She's always the same when she's working, and the Chief is strict when wearing her nurse uniform. I'm working my hardest everyday because I want to help her. She seems to understand my feelings, and when she takes off her uniform for the day, she's very passionate. "...Mmm."
As soon as we get home, she grabs me tightly and kisses me. It's such a sweet kiss. Still...
Kaori: "U-Umm... Hatsumi...?"
I pull my lips away, and I can't help but frown at what I see before my eyes.
Hatsumi: "I'm sorry, don't say anything."
Kaori: "......"
Hatsumi: "...I don't want you to be silent."
Sometimes she tells me to shut up and other times to not be silent. Ugh, why is her bare face so cute...
Kaori: "I know already. You were too busy to have time to clean."
Hatsumi: "......"
Hatsumi slightly nods her head as though she were embarrassed. I shouldn't say this to an older woman, but her being nervous is super cute.
Kaori: "It's okay. I know how hard you have it."
Kaori: "I'm still not at a level where I can follow up with you at work, so at least let me follow up with you in your private life."
Hatsumi: "I think you're working hard. It's not comparable to when I first met you."
That's because when we first met I was a complete beginner.
Kaori: "But...I still get yelled at a lot..."
Hatsumi: "Everyone yells at you because they recognize your growth. If you were someone who didn't work hard, they wouldn't bother."
She kisses me softly on my forehead.
Kaori: "Really...?"
I know there's no point in comparing, but no matter what, I compare myself to Hatsumi. Sometimes it hurts to be next to Hatsumi like this because I know that I can't do my job properly.
Hatsumi: "...So don't belittle yourself that way."
Hatsumi softly kisses me as though she read my mind.
Hatsumi: "And...if you improve too fast, you'll take away my fun."
Kaori: "Your fun...?"
Hatsumi: "You just need to grow slowly at your own pace. You don't need to think about forcing yourself to grow."
Hatsumi: "If you could remember the things I taught you and never lose that genuine heart of yours, becoming my partner both in public and private..."
Kaori: "...Hatsumi..."
She gently embraces me.
Hatsumi: "There are also people who break themselves from rushing their growth....I don't want to see that happen to you."
It feels like Hatsumi's feelings are pouring out. Hatsumi has probably seen a lot of newcomers up until now. Some of those newcomers may have lost their soft and fragile hearts, or self-destructed after pushing themselves too hard.
Kaori: "I'll be all right."
I softly wrap my arms around her back while in her embrace.
Kaori: "I'm okay. I mean, you support me like this, so...I won't break or anything."
Hatsumi: "...Kaori..."
For a moment, Hatsumi buries her face in my shoulder as though she is trying to hide that she's on the verge of tears. Her hair brushes up against my ear, and I find myself taking a step back from the ticklish sensation. Then...
Kaori: "Ahhh!"
A mountain of papers piled up knee-high falls down, and then a tower of books nearby also collapses. One of the heavier books hit me right in a tender spot on my knee.
Kaori: "Ouch..."
And now I find myself in a position where I'm nearly hanging from Hatsumi after losing my balance from the book hitting my knee.
Hatsumi: "K-Kaori!? Are you okay!?"
I'm about to cry because of the pain, but I can't cry here! I mean, I can tell by her expression how worried Hatsumi is about me!
Kaori: "I-I'm...f-fine..."
Through reluctantly, I release Hatsumi from my tight grip and begin to tidy up the books that have fallen down at my feet. Hatsumi seems flustered and begins to go through the clothes and papers that were scattered near her. Shucks... I was thinking today would finally be the day, since I haven't been to Hatsumi's room in a while... But yet again, my plans to spend a quiet evening with Hatsumi, taking a bath and going to sleep together, are foiled by another massive clean-up operation.
???: "Hey, newbie!!"
As soon as I get back to the nurses station after handling the nurse call, I get told off without the chance to say my side of the story.
Yasuko: "There was a call from the examination department! Where's the blood concentration for Whiny in 308?"
Kaori: "Oh no!"
I forgot! Whiny is the nickname of the patient Mr. Amoki who is hospitalized in room 308. It's just that he complains a lot, so we use the nickname "Whiny"
for this patient at the nurses station. The truth is that we shouldn't call patients by nicknames, but Yamanouchi isn't someone who minds that.
Yasuko: "I've done and finished preparin' to have his blood drawn faster than a race horse! Take that tray, and go git his blood, quick!"
Kaori: "O-Okay!"
While being yelled at, I take the silver tray that Yamanouchi prepared for me, and hurry out of the station. Even then... In spite of it almost being my third year here, to Yamanouchi, I'm only seen as a "newcomer."
In actuality, since I've started working here, new people like part-time and temp workers arrive, but nobody is assigned to the internal medicine ward as a regular employee, so in effect, they're still on the bottom. I want to stop being called a newbie soon, but I still have a lot of hiccups when it comes to my job, so I can't exactly insist on that just yet. Ugh, Hatsumi told me to take my time, but I can't help feeling upset when I'm still getting called a newbie. I finish taking Amoki's blood, take the sample to the Inspection Room, and then return to the station.
Nagisa: "Good work today, Sawai."
Senpai pokes me with her elbow while smiling.
Kaori: "...Thank you..."
I can't respond energetically like usual.
Nagisa: "Hey, you look down. What's wrong?"
Kaori: "No... It's nothing..."
It's actually not "nothing."
I had completely forgotten to take the blood that Yamanouchi asked me to the first thing in the afternoon. I took Mr. Amoki's blood on the first try, but the technician told me off because they were waiting with nothing to do. With things going as they are, it can't be helped that I'm called a "newbie"... Since even though it's my third year since becoming a nurse, I can still only do newbie-level work.
Nagisa: "Did you mess up taking Amoki's blood and got yelled at or something?"
Kaori: "That's not it..."
Nagisa: "Then it's fine, right? You were able to submit the sample today, so everything was okay in the end."
Senpai talks to me some, but now I want her to let me be for just a little while... I glance at Yamanouchi, and she's holding down Amoki, whom she's not fond of, taking his blood while silently writing a report without looking at me....It's not that I want her to thank me, but I want her to say something...I guess... Suddenly, I hear a loud bang from behind me.
Kaori: "Ah!?"
Not just me and Senpai, but Yamanouchi also raises her head and looks toward where the sound was. 
Hatsumi: "......"
Hatsumi was standing there. It seems like she bumped her toe or something on the leg of the desk, and she's blinking her eyes as though she's about to cry.
Hatsumi: "...E-Everyone, I have good news..."
She must be in a lot of pain -- her voice is quivering. But of course our chief and tentative head nurse of the internal medicine ward would pretend to be okay and speak even after stubbing her toe...!
Hatsumi: "Unlike previous years, this year we will welcome a new staff member to the Yurigahama General Hospital internal medicine ward in April."
Aw... Hatsumi...looks like she's in pain...
Yasuko: "Oh... In April... So, a new graduate?"
Hatsumi: "Yes, she is a new graduate. Please don't bully her -- okay, Yamanouchi?"
Yasuko: "A new graduate! I prefer those with experience because it's easier, but helping to mold a lively young person will be fun, too!"
Yamanouchi glances at me.
Yasuko: "I'm getting sick of toying with Sawai, and Horseysawa was taken away by the surgical ward, so I'm looking forward to having a new plaything!"
Kaori: "Th-That's horrible...!"
Yasuko: "What, Sawai? Got a problem?"
Kaori: "I-I'm not a toy..."
I do my best to protest with tears in my eyes.
Yasuko: "Learn to do your job on your own before asserting that, idiot"
Kaori: "Uwah!"
That stings...!
Yasuko: "You have the Chief, right? I wouldn't stoop so low as to touch what's not mine. Don't make fun of me."
Kaori: "..."
H-Hmm... Maybe Yamanouchi is in a bad mood today...?
Hatsumi: "Well, well, that's it for now. So everyone, please be nice and train the new girl."
Hatsumi: "Also, it's not because we added more staff, but the newbie coming in April is going to be switched with Fujisawa, who is transferring to surgery."
Kaori: "Senpai?!"
I'm surprised, and when I look to Senpai, she's chuckling. Now that I think about it, I do recall Yamanouchi mentioning something about being transferred to the surgical ward, but is that what she meant...?!
Nagisa: "I thought I would do it after polishing my skills more in internal medicine, but Chief Kobayashi directly convinced me that I would be able to achieve that in the surgical ward, too."
Senpai smiles as though she's embarrassed. 
Hatsumi: "Actually, they said they wanted you to transfer to the surgical ward when the monthly work shifts changed on March 16, but then internal medicine wouldn't be able to function."
Hatsumi: "I'm sorry, Fujisawa. It might be hard to start work at your newly assigned ward at the same time the new graduate begins working."
Nagisa: "It's okay, Chief! Chief Kobayashi is also a good person, and I'm sure that I can try my hardest!"
Hatsumi: "Really...? If you find anything difficult, tell me right away."
Hatsumi: "The surgery chief is my junior, so I'm sure she'll straighten things out."
Everyone around me is finding the place where they belong and thriving. Meanwhile, I'm totally lost...
Hatsumi: "...Sawai. Wait, Sawai!"
Kaori: "Y-Yes!"
My name is called in a strict tone, and I naturally straighten my posture.
Hatsumi: "...You will have a junior starting in April. Remember that it's your third year and keep devoting yourself to your work."
Kaori: "Ah..."
Oh, so a new person coming means there will be someone ranking below me.
Hatsumi: "No response. I wonder if you were listening to me."
Kaori: "U-Understood!"
Nagisa: "...Sawai..."
Yasuko: "I hope the new girl comin' in April is someone we can use. We ain't got enough time for two newbies."
Yasuko: "Ah, I got no need for the new girl startin' in April, so I wanna keep Fujisawa here now! That or order Sawai to Surgery!"
Kaori: "Ouch."
Why does it always becomes like this... Ugh, I hate myself...
Hatsumi: "Sawai, realize that you, too, will have a junior next month, don't forget."
Hatsumi: "You don't want to be laughed at by your junior, right? Pull yourself together!"
Kaori: "All right. I'm sorry."
I'm reprimanded Hatsumi. Before Hatsumi said that I could grow slowly at my own pace, but there's a limit after all. I wonder if I'm really growing. Even though a new person is coming, all I do is make mistakes. I'm quite sad with self-hatred, but it doesn't help to be sad, so every day when I go back to my room I study. Today is about carcinomatous pain. Mr. Toshiru, who had dementia, returned from the nursing home right after New Year's. Even in the nursing home he complained of intermittent headaches, but from around the end of the year the swelling around his body got worse, and he had no appetite. so he returned to Yurigahama General Hospital for tests because they thought he might have a disease. They found systematic metastasis of cancer. The intermittent headaches were caused by the cancer cells that grew deep in the back of his brain, and the systematic swelling and lack of appetite were from the metastasis. It's good that they determined the cause, but considering his age, there was nothing that could be done... Dr. Ono, director of the hospital, thought that the primary lesion was the liver. Cancer cells must have developed in the liver from before he was transferred to the nursing home, and then they say it's because the disease progression in the elderly is slow as well as the diagnosis being late.
Kaori: "...*Sigh*..."
I think about Mr. Toshiru. When he went to the nursing home, he was a cheery old man, but when he came back, he thought he was a soldier in the Imperial Japanese Army. They say it's common to hear that pain changes one's personality. I wonder what the pain of cancer that eats away at the entire body is like. That gentle and smiley Mr. Toshiru has taken on a harsh face like he's a different person, and he has been saying harsh things. A change in personality? Memory regression? ...I don't understand no matter how much I think about it. I don't understand because of my lack of experience and then also my lack of studying...
Kaori: "Eek!?"
I'm startled and return to my senses. I quietly turn the door knob, and the person who reveals their face from the shadows is...
Kaori: "H-Hatsumi?!"
Hatsumi: "You were studying. That's great. Want to take a break?"
Hatsumi takes off her shoes and comes into my room.
Kaori: "But...I still feel like I'm going to get laughed at by that new nurse if I stay this way."
Hatsumi: "Relax. I'll use my authority as chief to tell off any staff who make fun of people who are doing their best!"
The deep part of my chest grows warm with Hatsumi's words.
Hatsumi: "I spoke to you harshly at the ward because you weren't focused on your work. I bet Yamanouchi thinks the same thing."
Hatsumi: "...Reasonably, Yamanouchi didn't want Fujisawa to be taken by the surgery ward, so she was just taking it out on you."
Come to think of it, Yamanouchi's voice was harsher today than usual... Senpai and Yamanouchi were regularly getting into disputes, but...I wonder if Yamanouchi was fond of Nagisa enough to take out her disappointment on me. I hope that's the case.
Hatsumi: "I recognize that you're trying hard....But it bothers me now that even though you're trying hard, you're not going anywhere."
Kaori: "I'm not going anywhere?"
I've never thought so myself before, but from Hatsumi's perspective, through that of being a chief, I guess it seems that my effort is taking me nowhere.
Hatsumi: "Everyone grows at their own individual pace. But if you overdo it, something is bound to fall out of balance."
Hatsumi: "It's not your job to only look after one patient. It's our job to look after all patients in the ward. Widen your field of view."
Kaori: "O-Okay."
Oh... Today all of my focus was on the newly hospitalized patient, Mr. Toshiru, and I failed to pay attention to the other patients who were also in room 301 along with him. I'm sure that Senpai and Yamanouchi were probably covering for me from behind the scenes, but I didn't notice at all.
Hatsumi: "So now it's private time. I bought us some food. Want to eat together?"
Hatsumi smiles and takes one step forward.
Hatsumi: "Eek!"
For some reason, Hatsumi trips over nothing.
Kaori: "A-Are you okay?!"
Hatsumi: "Yes, I'm fine, but..."
Hatsumi slowly holds up the paper bag in her hands with teary eyes.
Kaori: "Oh."
It looks like she smashed the paper bag when she tripped, as some of the food that was inside is now dripping from the bag onto the floor.
Hatsumi: "...I'm sorry..."
I find the way Hatsumi droops her shoulders to be incredibly enamoring, especially since she would never act this way in the ward. I hold a cleaning cloth in one hand, and tell her it's okay with a smile.
Kaori: "It's no problem. Even if the food is smushed, it'll taste the same. We can still eat it, right?"
Hatsumi: "Kaori..."
Kaori: "You'll eat with me, right?"
Hatsumi: "Yes...Yes, of course! I wanted to arrange everything nicely for us to eat it together, but you're right that the flavor remains unchanged!"
She looks happy. I wonder what face she would make if I said she's what I really wanted to eat up? It's Hatsumi, so she might turn bright red and say, "Learn how to do your job on your own before you say something cheeky like that."
Then she'll say that she said too much and become glum, because no one would want to talk about work in their private lives. So...I just get ready to eat together without telling her my true feelings....This is fine for now. Because I think that if I became able to do my job properly, I'm sure my relationship with Hatsumi will progress much more than it is now.
====================scr00752.kgo====================
It's the same scene I see every morning. The night nurses finish getting ready for their morning reports, and we day workers have our notebooks at the ready, waiting to hear their announcements. It seems like just another day, but it's completely different from usual. That's because today is April 1st. The morning station seems a little intimidating without Senpai around. I won't be able to hear the morning reports with her anymore... Hatsumi, who's become so much more dear to me, isn't here either. She said she was off to get the new nurse at the admin office.
???: "Good morning. Is everyone here?"
Hatsumi comes into the station with a tall girl in a nurse's uniform behind her.
Hatsumi: "Now then, we'll begin our April 1st morning reports."
Hatsumi: "...But before that, I would like to introduce our newest addition to the team."
Kaori: "!!"
The person who takes a step out from Hatsumi's back is none other than...!
Hatsumi: "Most of the staff here knows you, but there are some who don't, so go ahead and introduce yourself, Sakai."
Sayuri: "Yes, ma'am. My name is Sayuri Sakai. After being treated at this hospital before, I can finally return the favor."
Sayuri: "I fear that my lack of experience will lead me to make trouble for this team, but I humbly request everyone's teaching and counsel."
Kaori: "...Sakai..."
When I see that familiar figure bow her head to us, I feel tears fighting their way up....She really came back as a nurse...! I knew it would be something, but I can't believe seeing my first patient recover like this would bring me so much joy...!
Yasuko: "Oh-hoh, now that's a right straight-A student! Ya get a gold star for your introduction, honey!"
Sayuri: "...I see you haven't changed a bit, Yamanouchi. Speaking of which, I don't see Fujisawa anywhere..."
Hatsumi: "Fujisawa transferred to the surgery department today. You must be disappointed you won't be able to work with her."
Sayuri: "...No, I'm not disappointed at all."
Yasuko: "I'm real disappointed, too!"
Yasuko: "And here I was hopin' that this brilliant newbie'd get her two failure senpai nurses eatin' outta the palm of 'er hand -- and somewhere else, if ya catch my drift."
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi, language!"
Yasuko: "But, well, we still got one failure nurse on our hands, so bully 'er as much as ya can!"
Kaori: "Uwah..."
When she says failure nurse, does she mean me? The part timers and night shift nurses are looking at me and giggling...so I'm sure that's the case! Sakai takes a glance at me.
Sayuri: "Oh, you're still here, Sawai. I'm glad you haven't been fired."
F-Fired...?!
Hatsumi: "Let's leave it there, Sakai. We don't have too many hands on deck, so we need to use teamwork to keep this ward afloat."
Hatsumi strains out a smile as she softly chastises Sakai's acid tongue. That's right! Everyone basically gets along in the ward of internal medicine!
Sayuri: "Wh-What?! Oh, I didn't mean it like that, I was just happy to see that someone I knew was still here...that's what I..."
Huh? Sakai looks a bit...flustered, and she's fidgeting around. I don't think I've seen that expression on her, either. That's a surprise.
Hatsumi: "Then you've got to say what you mean. Words are just a tool, you know? If you use them the wrong way, people will misunderstand you."
Sayuri: "Yes, ma'am...I'm dreadfully bad at choosing my words carefully, so I believe I have a long road ahead in learning how to express myself."
Wait, what? Is it just me, or has she...completely changed in the small time I haven't seen her...? I can't point out exactly where or how, but apparently, her saying she was glad I wasn't fired wasn't a stab at me, but quite literally her saying that she was happy that I'm still working here. That brings a smile of relief to my face. I may be as clumsy a nurse as ever, but Sakai's awkwardness remains, too.
Sayuri: "...Sawai, what are you grinning about?"
Kaori: "Oh, nothing, nothing."
Hatsumi: "Ahem. Sorry to interrupt your fun conversation, but I'd like to begin morning reports. Would that be all right?"
Kaori: "O-Oh, sorry!"
After seeing me hurry out an apology, Hatsumi shrugs and looks to the night nurses.
Night Shift Nurse A: "That said, let's welcome our new face and get these morning reports going! First up is Mr. Toshiru, in room 301."
Sayuri: "Mr. Toshiru...?"
Night Shift Nurse A: "We saw the sixth of his usual ‘I'm in the imperial infantry!’ routines. It looks like his pain episodes trigger those."
Night Shift Nurse A: "I think we need to consider slightly strong opioids. He doesn't seem to be sleeping much, and with his low food intake, we can't see him recovering much."
Hatsumi: "...Duly noted. I'll let Doctor Ono know later."
Night Shift Nurse A: "Thank you very much. Now, about Mr. Kato -- his wife came and wrote a consent form for the shunt surgery."
Night Shift Nurse A: "During the night, Mr. Toi, in for a heart attack, had an uneven pulse reading on the monitor, but didn't complain of any chest pain. I'll put up the electrocardiograph, though."
Sayuri: "......"
As the morning reports go on, I notice Sakai's face growing paler and paler as she stands next to the Chief.
Night Shift Nurse A: "...There were also episodes of delirium during the night, so I'd request that be passed on to the doctor. Now, there were no changes in room 302, or--"
Kaori: "U-Um, excuse me..."
I didn't want to interrupt the night nurse's reports, but Sakai's face is so pale that I have to say something.
Hatsumi: "Sawai, we're listening to the report."
Kaori: "I'm sorry, but...Sakai, are you all right?"
The entire room looks at Sakai. She, in turn, shoots me a glare.
Sayuri: "Why would you ask me that? I'm in perfectly good health!"
Kaori: "But, your face is s--"
Yasuko: "Right, right, far enough. Look, Sakai ain't a kid -- if she's feelin' down, she'll let ya know herself. Now let's get back to it."
Night Shift Nurse A: "Right, getting back to it, then. There were no changes in room 302, and everyone slept well in room 303, too!"
Without changing her expression a touch, she goes on at the same pace as she did before my interruption. Sakai looked at me just once, but when our eyes met, she turned away in a huff....I think I might have done something I really didn't need to. I wonder if she hates me again...? The reports went on until the end after that, and the night nurses left with smiles. I was about to go change diapers with the other day shift nurses, but Hatsumi called me, leaving Sakai and I standing in the station.
Kaori: "U-Um...I'm really sorry about interrupting the reports..."
Hatsumi: "Sawai. You're on your third year here."
Kaori: "Hwah?"
I thought she was going to yell at me for interrupting the morning reports, but she speaks to me with a gentle expression.
Hatsumi: "Your vision is no longer as narrow as it was when you were new, and you've grown into a nurse able to worry about her juniors. That I am happy about."
Kaori: "...R-Right."
She's...praising me, right? I'm not used to being praised while I'm wearing my uniform, so I feel awkward and my eyes wander.
Sayuri: "......"
My eyes meet with Sakai's again, but she looks away, just like last time.
Hatsumi: "So, Sawai, what would you say to being Sakai's preceptor?"
Kaori: "...Puh-pre...?"
I take another look at Sakai, standing next to me.
Sayuri: "......"
She looks back at me, then, without changing her expression much, turns to Hatsumi.
Kaori: "...Hwah?"
Hatsumi giggles.
Hatsumi: "I didn't quite want a ‘hwah' there. I was hoping for a cheerful 'definitely’."
Kaori: "U-Uh...?"
Hatsumi: "With that said, Sawai will be your preceptor, Sakai. Have you any objections?"
Sayuri: "I'm a little worried to see that her reactions are as slow as ever, but seeing as how she's your recommendation, I have no complaints."
A preceptor? Me? Wait, who am I in charge of? ...Sakai? Me? Teaching Sakai? M-Me?!
Kaori: "I-I couldn't do that! I-I've still got so much to learn myself, there's no way I could handle being Sakai's preceptor!"
Right before I fall into a panic, Hatsumi gently holds my hand.
Hatsumi: "No, this is something I'd like you to do, specifically....I know that you can do it, with all you've been through. Guaranteed."
Kaori: "I can...?"
I can feel her warmth on my fingers as she holds my hand tightly.
Hatsumi: "I wouldn't ask you to do something you can't. I put you forward because I know you can handle this."
Kaori: "Hatsu...Ch-Chief..."
Hatsumi: "True, you still have a lot of studying to do. That is a fact. But I know that instructing Sakai is going to help you grow."
Hatsumi: "...You'll do it for me, won't you?"
She gives my hand a squeeze.
Kaori: "Y-Yes ma'am! I'll do the best that I can!"
Sayuri: "...How simple-minded."
I-I heard that! Sakai, I totally heard that! Yeah, it might seem simple to you, but Hatsumi made a convincing case! That's why I accepted it! I wasn't pressured into it, or anything!
Hatsumi: "*Giggle*... You know, the world is a surprisingly simple place. You'll realize that before long."
Sayuri: "......"
I can't tell if she accepted that statement or not, but Sakai just bows her head to Hatsumi silently. Yamanouchi and the other day nurses and staff have already changed everyone's diapers, so Sakai and I go to prepare for IV checks. We check the IV medicines and fill the bottles with them in order.
Sayuri: "......"
Sayuri has excellent memory, and she seems to have understood the process after my initial explanation, so she silently gets to work afterwards. Hm, she probably doesn't like me being her preceptor that much. It's kind of scary to have her quiet on me like this, but it's also scary to think of her speaking -- she'd probably say something really harsh and insulting.
Sayuri: "...So you were checking and filling the IV bottles with medicine at the nurses station this meticulously when I was a patient here."
Kaori: "Huh? O-Oh, yeah...there's a surprising amount of little things we have to do. It's a little tough. I think you'll pick it up in the blink of an eye, though, Sakai."
Come to think of it, Sakai would REALLY let me have it if I was so much as a minute late with her IV.
Sayuri: "Er...Mr. Toshiru is that old man who's always laughing in the big room, right...?"
Kaori: "Yeah, that's him. About when you transferred, he was moved to an institution, but...well, he's back."
Sayuri: "And Mr. Toi was the patient in the big room with the heart condition, right..."
Kaori: "Oh, Mr. Kato was in the big room, too. Oh man, I remember getting yelled at when I failed taking his blood..."
Memories from when I was green as grass pop up in my head. Mr. Toi is a rather quiet man, and he was in the very back bed of the large room with meal restrictions about when Sakai was admitted. His heart condition was severe, and though he'd done his best, his heart attack come winter had brought him back. Mr. Kato has diabetes, and I wasn't able to take even 2 ml of blood from him. In fact, I pulled the needle out when the bandage was still on him, and he bled like crazy... His symptoms got worse, and he ended up with a kidney failure, meaning he had to undergo dialysis.
Sayuri: "...Is everyone in the hospital because their conditions got worse...?"
Kaori: "Yeah...though they all managed to get discharged once....But, well, that's the kind of place a hospital is."
Then, I notice something. That's the kind of place a hospital is. I'm surprised at my own words. I never said anything like that before. I never even thought of it. Back then, all I thought about was helping our patients heal, helping them live their lives...and desperately providing care. I thought that a hospital was only a temporary place for them. A place they'd get admitted to, get better, and go home. Of course, I knew that not everyone would get better, and you can't ward off the reaper forever. I'm shocked that before I knew it, I'd become a "nurse"
-- in a bad way.
Sayuri: "...Sawai, you sure have changed..."
So I keep quiet, pretending to silently continue filling bottles, unable to deny Sakai's words.
Kaori: "It's IV time, everyone!"
Toshiru: "I'm a soldier of the Imperial Army!"
Sayuri: "!!"
Sakai immediately lunges back. I take a look at what spooked her to see Mr. Toshiru with his eyes wide open and his face contorted in a horrifying expression, staring up at the ceiling.
Kaori: "Mr. Toshiru...does it hurt?"
Toshiru: "I don't feel a speck of pain! Who do you think I am, whippersnapper?!"
Kaori: "That's right, Mr. Toshiru. You're a tough soldier. Anyway, your new painkillers are on the way, so wait a little bit until then, okay?"
Mr. Toshiru looks a little relieved, then he glares up at the ceiling again.
Sayuri: "...And the war's been over for half a century, too."
Mr. Toshiru shoots Sakai a harsh look, but says nothing. Still a little worried, I head to the next patient's bedside -- Mr. Kato.
Kaori: "Good mooorning. Mr. Kato, have you been following your water rules?"
Kato: "Ahaha, well, they're a little tough. And, say...isn't that girl there the one who used to be in the single room?"
Sayuri: "!!"
Sakai's shoulders shudder. It looks like she's really surprised that Mr. Kato remembered her face.
Kaori: "Yep, that's right! She faced off with her illness and came back as a nurse!"
Kato: "My, my. That's quite impressive, little miss! Meanwhile, my diabetes just got worse, and now I have to undergo dialysis..."
I take a glance at Sakai to see she seems on the verge of tears.
Sayuri: "I-I told you! If you keep living like that, you're only going to get more sick...!"
Kato: "Hmm...well, you're right, you're completely right, but if it were like that, no one would have any problems, you know?"
Mr. Kato has an embarrassed smile on his face, and Sakai holds back her tears with anger. It looks like they both spoke a lot when they were in the hospital. They do say patients have something of an information network among each other. They must have a lot to talk about, and as they chat with each other, I gently open Mr. Toi's curtain....He's sleeping peacefully. I quietly change his IV bottle and close the curtains back. After finishing doing my IV rounds, I sit down at the station to write reports. And when I do...
Sayuri: "Hey! What were you thinking, just leaving me behind in that room!"
Kaori: "...Come again?"
Sakai roars her way into the nurses station.
Kaori: "Well, you were talking with Mr. Kato, and I figured you had a lot to catch up on. I didn't want to interrupt, so..."
Sayuri: "But I'm not a patient here! I am a staff member of Yurigahama General Hospital's internal medicine ward, and you're my preceptor!"
Kaori: "But...from what I heard, you were giving him some tips on how to deal with his diabetes, and I figured that was part of the job..."
Sayuri: "What's most important to me is growing accustomed to working as a nurse in this ward, not giving advice to an acquaintance patient of mine!"
Hmm...you know, hearing it like that, I kind of think Sakai's right on this... I might have been in the wrong, leaving Sakai to speak with Mr. Kato and going off to do the rest of the work on my own.
Kaori: "Ahh...yeah, sorry about that..."
Sayuri: "I don't want you to apologize! I just...!"
Hatsumi: "...Sakai, leave it at that. I could hear your shouting from all the way down the hall."
Sayuri: "But, Chief! She left me behind to fend for myself! Is that not unthinkable?!"
Her rage boiling, Sayuri starts shouting at Hatsumi.
Sayuri: "How could a preceptor leave her preceptee behind and abandon her duties like that?! Isn't that a huge failure on her part?!"
Hatsumi, however, simply chuckles at Sayuri's rage. That seems to irk Sakai further.
Sayuri: "This is no laughing matter, Chief!"
Hatsumi: "...I'm very glad that you want to become a staff member of this ward as soon as possible. That said, you really don't want to rush."
Hatsumi smiles gently and gazes at Sakai for a bit, then she looks to me with a sigh.
Hatsumi: "And Sawai -- you can't just judge things based on what you think. You're Sakai's preceptor now, so you need to consider what she wants."
As Hatsumi chastises me, I realize that in teaching Sakai, I hadn't really thought about what she wanted.
Kaori: "I'm sorry...I thought you had a lot to catch up on, but that was probably me being a bit of a busybody."
Sayuri: "It was kind of wasteful...and kind of silly, or more like..."
Sakai seems tongue-tied. I know she's bad at choosing her words, so I've made a point of not letting myself get hurt by what she says, but... Hearing her say "wasteful"
or "silly"
does hurt a little...
Sayuri: "...so, I don't want to rush... Right you are, Chief. I was too harsh on Sawai. I'm sorry about that."
Kaori: "!!"
Sakai actually apologized to me, without anything mean attached? THAT Sakai?
Yasuko: "Really, I've always loved you, Sakai! So please, I'm begging you, accept my feelings!"
Yasuko: "Oh, my, really? I'm so sorry, I had you all wrong this whole time! Come, dive into this flat chest of mine!"
Kaori: "W-Wait, I'm not flat at all!"
Yasuko: "I'm much flatter, so don't worry about it at all, Sawai!"
Sayuri: "......"
Ahh! Sakai's frozen and can't react!
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi, she's just on her first day."
Yasuko: "But I'm only talkin' the truth."
Hatsumi: "No one's talking about breasts. And besides, Sawai is surprisingly busty. At least speak the truth."
H-Hatsumi, keep on topic...
Yasuko: "All right, a correction. My chest's a washboard, so don't worry about a thing, Sawai!"
Hatsumi: "...I don't think that's quite right, either."
Hearing Hatsumi and Yamanouchi's skit, Sakai looks at Hatsumi with grave eyes.
Sayuri: "...I...I suppose it's true that bigger breasts make the better nurse..."
Hatsumi: "...er, Sakai, I can't help but feel that your eyes have been honed on my chest for quite some time..."
Yasuko: "Stare a hole in ‘em, why don't ya! It's not like they’ll go away if ya stare!"
Kaori: "Hey, cut it out, please! Don't say that to Hatsumi!"
I desperately protect Hatsumi's chest from Sakai and Yamanouchi's eyes.
Sayuri: "Yamanouchi and the Chief are very big...and Sawai's fairly large, too... I wonder if I can touch them..."
As the part timers giggle, Sakai mumbles something to herself as she rubs her hands over her own chest. Sakai's first day was pretty rough on me, but I think she had a pretty fun time, all things considered.
Kaori: "...And that's what happened today!"
Right now, I'm lying in bed and talking on the phone with Senpai.
Nagisa: "An actual apology, huh...? That's something you couldn't imagine coming from the old Sakai! And man, I really wanted to see her back and forth with Yamanouchi!"
Kaori: "...Yeah, it was...surprisingly funny, actually. And Sakai went along with it pretty well, for it being her first day."
Nagisa: "Well, the Chief's boobs are pretty big! And you're going to see ‘em again today, aren’t you?"
Kaori: "Hey, don't make it sound like that! And I'm not going just to see the Chief's chest! And enough about breasts already!"
Though I complain, Senpai's right. I went to Hatsumi's room right after I took a bath a while ago. Just a while back, she handed me a spare key to her apartment, telling me to come over every time with that smile of hers. Of course, I gave her a gift of a spare key to my room, too! Exchanging spare keys...it's so romantic, I love it! And I do go stay at Hatsumi's room on occasion, but I keep that secret from Senpai. It was pretty light at night, so I figured she wasn't at the station anymore and went to her room right after I got out of the bath, but she wasn't there... I wonder if something pressing happened in the ward? It's always really tough when something big happens in the ward and there aren't enough hands to go around, so Hatsumi usually sticks around to help the night shifters before she goes home.
Nagisa: "...Tch, workaholics are pretty tough to deal with, huh..."
Kaori: "Hm? Senpai, did you say...?"
Nagisa: "Nothing, nothing. You're hearing things. Your loss if you wonder about it."
But we're not going up against each other...
Nagisa: "Hm? ...Wait, does that mean that you called me to complain because you're all flustered you couldn't have your fun times with your girlfriend?"
Kaori: "Well, not exactly, but...y-you don't have to put it like that."
Nagisa: "...Maybe I should hang up."
Kaori: "Eep! Senpai, don't leave me by myself!"
It's been two weeks and a bit since I've become Sakai's preceptor. During that time, we had her welcoming party and Senpai's goodbye party at the same time, and Sakai seems to have gotten in well with the members of the internal medicine ward. And yesterday, since I've been doing such a good job as a preceptor, Hatsumi let me spend the night in her room! And this morning, we finally get to go to work together, like I've always wanted!
Kaori: "The early morning air smells so wonderful!"
I hounded Hatsumi about going to work with her, which means I had to leave the apartment when she normally does...and I'm still a little sleepy.
Hatsumi: "*Giggle* Well, for as invigorating as the morning air must be...you seem awfully sleepy."
Hatsumi: "I think I might just eat you up if you nod off on the job."
Kaori: "If that's going to happen, I'd better make sure to nap where no one else can see us!"
Hatsumi goes beet red and looks away.
Hatsumi: "...You big silly."
Ahh! There's just nothing cuter than the innocent reactions of an older woman! But to be honest...being Sakai's preceptor is rough. It's worn me down so much that if it weren't for Hatsumi being here, I might have just quit... Though, even if I did quit, trying to find a new job as a newbie like myself wouldn't be the easiest thing in the world, so I don't have a choice but to take it.
Hatsumi: "Come on, don't look so tired. You're going to ruin that cute face of yours."
Hatsumi pauses her changing and puts my cheeks in her hands. Ah! Ah! That tempting cleavage peeking out from her slightly opened top...! We were in the bath together yesterday and spent all night together, but being in the hospital, in this situation...there's no way I can avoid going red!
Hatsumi: "...It pains me to say this to someone so cute, but I'll bring it up before I get dressed."
Hatsumi: "For a while, I might be coming home later. There's something I need to take care of after work."
The sheer vagueness of her words sends unease rushing through my head.
Kaori: "...Are you telling me not to come to your room?"
Hatsumi: "That's not it, Kaori. I'm just saying that until this gets taken care of, I may have to leave you lonely for a while."
Hatsumi gently strokes my cheek.
Hatsumi: "So if you come to my room after your bath like last night and I'm not there...don't get too disappointed, okay?"
Hatsumi: "You're the only one I love. I just don't want you to forget that."
Her words seem to have some other meaning to them, but hearing her say that she loves me directly really takes a weight off my shoulders.
Kaori: "...And I love you the most, Hatsumi."
Hatsumi: "That makes me so happy to here. My adorable Kaori..."
Hatsumi's face draws closer and closer...
Hatsumi: "...We are at work, so make do with this for now."
She gently kisses me on the forehead. Hatsumi said she probably wouldn't be able to see me for a while, but I'm sure it'll be all right! Because we're a couple, and we trust each other!
Hatsumi: "Good morning. Is everything in order?"
Nurse B: "Yep, everything's going fine. Oh, she's already here."
Hatsumi grimaces a little at the night shift nurse's suggestive words.
Kaori: "...Hatsumi?"
She doesn't answer, however, and just takes my arm and brings me to the break room. We find Sakai inside, in uniform and ready, reading through patient reports.
Hatsumi: "Good morning. You're always so early, Sakai. There's still two hours before the shift starts."
Sayuri: "......"
Sakai seems to not have heard Hatsumi and continues silently reading her reports. We quietly put our bags down to not disturb her and go back to the nurses station.
Hatsumi: "...She said that she would do anything that she'd think of that would be useful. I told her not to work too hard, but..."
Kaori: "So that's why she's here so early and reading those reports..."
When I see Sakai so hard at work, I feel embarrassed for myself. I've never thought of grasping the conditions of all the patients in the ward, like she is now. I would look over reports of patients that I'm in charge of, but everyone's...?
Yasuko: "Oh-hoh, good mornin', everyone! Wow, we sure got a lotta hands on deck this morning!"
Hatsumi: "Good to see you're doing well. Were there any issues during the night?"
Hatsumi asks Yamanouchi what she asked the night shift nurse a while ago.
Yasuko: "Well, the opioids seem to be workin' well with Mr. Toshiru, because things were quiet and boring all night."
Hooboy, Yamanouchi is as inappropriate as ever...
Hatsumi: "Now then. Sawai, since you're here so early, what say we go help prepare to hand out breakfast?"
Kaori: "Y-Yes, ma'am!"
How could I forget? Mornings are really busy, so I've got to make things at least a little easier for the night shift nurses!
Kaori: "I'm so beat today...and this is really heavy..."
When I get out of the nurses station at the end of my day shift, Sakai has locked herself up in the break room with a stack of thick medical records, saying she wanted to do some reading. Hatsumi stayed behind to help the night shift nurses like she said, so she's doing overtime. Oh, and I took a peek into the surgical ward a floor down before leaving the hospital. It looked like a patient had come back from the surgery room, so there were a ton of white uniforms fluttering about like bees coming out of a poked nest. And when I saw Senpai running busily among them, I felt a little proud. Senpai's really working hard. Ahh...Senpai and Sakai are really doing their best on the job. I can't fall behind! ...And with that, after work, I head over to Kanakura and buy a bunch of nursing books. Hatsumi seems pretty busy, and I won't have that many chances to lounge about in her room. That said, it's a little sad that I'll be sleeping with nursing books for a while, but I've got to get better! For starters, I'll dash up the stairs without using the elevator! A nurse needs her stamina! The moment I get to the fourth floor, I notice a familiar face go into a closing door.
Kaori: "Hey, that's..."
There's no way I would mistake that lovely face! That was Hatsumi! I scramble to take out my key and forcefully open the door...!
Kaori: "I'm home!"
I cheerfully call out into my room. But.
Kaori: "H-Huh?"
There's no one in my room, and no sign that anyone came in, either.
Kaori: "...Now that's strange. I'm sure Hatsumi opened this door and came in..."
I leave the books I bought near the front door, take off my shoes, and lie down in bed. Oh yeah, Sakai moved into this dorm, too. And she just happened to move into the room next to me.
Kaori: "......"
I quickly deny what floats into my mind. I mean, Sakai is still in the ward, reading those records. And Hatsumi's helping the night shift nurses.
Kaori: "I-I must've been seeing things. Yeah. I want to see Hatsumi so much that I hallucinated a bit! There's no mistaking that!"
But, for some reason...I feel frustrated. I wonder if it's the disappointment of thinking Hatsumi was there, but her not actually being there... I'm really curious about it, so I woke up a little earlier today and went to work before my shift. And just as I thought, Sakai is already there when I get to the hospital, reading a stack of patients' past records in the break room.
Kaori: "U-Um...good morning, Sakai. Do you mind if I ask you a question?"
Sayuri: "I'd like to limit it to work related questions, but since work hasn't begun, go ahead, ask me anything."
Kaori: "I'll be blunt, then. Did Hatsu...the Chief go to your room last night?"
Sayuri: "Wh...the Chief?! In my room?!"
Kaori: "Yeah...I only caught a glimpse, but I think the Chief was on the fourth floor yesterday."
Sayuri: "A-Are you sure it wasn't someone else?"
I help her pick up the records she accidentally dropped in surprise. My hand touches hers.
Sayuri: "!!"
She quickly pulls it back.
Kaori: "Oh, sorry..."
Sayuri: "...It's fine..."
Oof...it kind of hurts, seeing such a dramatic reaction.
Sayuri: "So if you're asking me that, does that mean...you suspect the Chief of something?"
Kaori: "W-Well, not exactly..."
Sayuri: "Or are you worried -- with excellent reason, I might add -- that a woman of the Chief's caliber wouldn't be serious about you?"
Kaori: "......"
W-Well...I know she doesn't mean any harm. I know that, but... Urgh, I really don't measure up to Hatsumi, do I...? I wonder if it looks like that to Sakai...? That's depressing... Ultimately, I couldn't get what she said out of my head, so my work with Sakai was sloppy for the whole day. She can handle her duties by herself without me teaching her anything. In fact, I got chewed out by a temp nurse for dragging Sakai down. I can't figure out why Hatsumi assigned someone as inexperienced as me to be Sakai's preceptor.
Nagisa: "...Hmph! You're as silly as ever, Sawai."
I can't even react to what Senpai says over the phone. All I want right now is to see Hatsumi... But I visited her room a while ago, and she wasn't there, just as expected...
Nagisa: "Ahh, how do you think I feel, having to hear this miserable stuff? Hey, are you listening?"
Kaori: "...Y-Yeah, I'm listening...but..."
I just want to cry...
====================scr00753.kgo====================
When I finish my lunch in the break room and go into the nurses station one afternoon, I see Sakai with a bit more of a frown than usual.
Kaori: "I-Is something the matter...?"
I had Sakai go on lunch before me, but...did she not like that, or something? We are preceptor and preceptee, so maybe we should have gone in together...
Sayuri: "I went to deal with a nurse call from Mr. Toshiru, but he yelled at me. Bring someone less wet behind the ears!’, he said. Can you believe it?!"
Oh, so she isn't actually angry at me. It's a tad inappropriate to say this, but...I'm a little relieved!
Kaori: "Hoo boy...well, Mr. Toshiru's in his imperial soldier mode again now."
Which means he's getting hit another bout of overwhelming pain, I imagine. He's probably shifting back to his army days in an effort to endure the pain.
Kaori: "How about we go to apologize to him together? Even if it wasn't your fault, you should apologize to him."
Sayuri: "......"
Sakai's mouth was in a bit of a smirk, but...
Sayuri: "...I'm sorry."
She apologized incredibly quietly, inaudible to all but the most attentive ears. I went to Mr. Toshiru's bedside with Sakai, but since the painkillers had probably picked in, he was so out of it we couldn't get through. Wanting to get to the bottom of this, I asked Yamanouchi to fill the IV bottles with Sakai while I read reports she'd written about Mr. Toshiru. It looks like Mr. Toshiru yelled at her because she didn't take the "proper attitude to one above her."
Sakai's writing is filled with indignation towards that unreasonable statement. I keep reading back to see that he usually yells "I'm a soldier in the imperial army!"
when he has painful episodes, but one night, he shouted "please forgive me!"
And the report was written by...Yamanouchi....Now that's strange. I don't think I heard anything like that during the morning reports...
Kaori: "Um, Yamanouchi. Can you tell me about the time Mr. Toshiru said ‘please forgive me’?"
After making a bit of a reluctant face, she put on her usual easygoing expression.
Yasuko: "...I think ya wanna ask the man himself. It'd be quicker."
Kaori: "...It probably would, but..."
Sayuri: "Yamanouchi, I finished filling the IV bottles with the checked medications. We just need to get these cleanly injected afterwards, right?"
Yasuko: "Hah, nice one! You pick things up right as fast as I thought ya would. A real big difference from a certain someone!"
Sayuri: "A certain...?"
Yasuko: "Now, I don't quite feel like callin' a real skilled newbie a newbie. Know what I mean, Miss Ex-newbie?"
With a pat on my head, Yamanouchi leaves the nurses station. Judging from how she was acting...she knows something about Mr. Toshiru. But when she's like that, she'll never tell me what I need to know. The staff should share information on patients among themselves, of course, but Yamanouchi has her own views on nursing and acts accordingly. This probably doesn't have much to do with nursing and has more to do with Mr. Toshiru's private life....Which means I all I can do is ask him directly...
Kaori: "...Well, let's do our IV rounds, Sakai."
Sayuri: "A-All right..."
Sakai looks a little surprised, but her usual, neutral expression soon returns. She's in work mode. We start our IV rounds from room 301, as usual. When I stand at Mr. Toshiru's bedside, his eyes shoot open. His eyes are...piercing. Is he a soldier again?
Toshiru: "What's your name?"
Kaori: "My name's Sawai!"
I've introduced myself countless times, but the dementia doesn't let him remember.
Toshiru: "Saari, is it..."
Kaori: "Ah...ahaha..."
I consider correcting him, but know he won't remember and keep quiet.
Toshiru: "And that girl over there?"
Sayuri: "...I'm Sakai."
Toshiru: "So, you're Saari, too..."
Sayuri: "Wh...?"
I exchange looks with Sakai, confused at that statement. Are we speaking with Mr. Toshiru to soldier, or a different Mr. Toshiru?
Toshiru: "You chased me all the way here, Saari...?"
Kaori: "Huh?"
Toshiru: "No need to look so surprised. You've every right to hate me."
Sayuri: "Hate...?"
Toshiru: "You saved me from death's door. And instead of making it up to you...I killed you on my officer's orders."
Toshiru: "This pain is my punishment, isn't it? I was just going to take it, accept my judgement, but Japan's doctors just don't understand."
Toshiru: "I don't have much time left. I'll listen to your barbs of hatred on the other side...because I'll have nothing but time."
Toshiru: "Scream at me all you need to. Scream at me for being too much of a coward to go against orders. I'm ready for it, for all of it."
Then, Toshiru lets out a quiet sigh and closes his eyes. We went and did our three o'clock IV rounds, but... I have to wonder if I managed to smile for the patients who had no idea what we'd just witnessed. All I remember is how tense Sakai's face was as she worked beside me...
Yasuko: "So, manage to hear old man Toshiru out?"
Yamanouchi speaks to me first thing when I get into the nurses station.
Sayuri: "......"
Sakai hasn't gotten over the shock of what she'd heard, and looking at her with her head drooped down burns my heart to see.
Yasuko: "If ya heard it, then I don't need to hide a thing. So that old man...he killed a local under orders during the war."
Yasuko: "His friend tried to let her escape and got shot dead for disobedience. That was old man Toshiru's doin', too."
Sayuri: "That's...!"
Yasuko: "...Yeah. The man lived through those hell days..."
Yasuko: "Gettin' delirious and forgettin' everythin' was probably that geezer's salvation. But now the pain o' cancer's bringing him back to the past..."
Sayuri: "...!!"
Sayuri dashes out of the station. When I try to rush after her, Yamanouchi grabs my arm.
Yasuko: "I feel a lot better seein' that even she can shed a tear over this..."
Yasuko: "Might be pretty rough to deal with this on yer first few days on the job, but she's gotta get used to it."
It sounds like she wants me to let her cry alone. I've been in Sakai's position countless times. I would cry alone in the stairs, unable to hold my emotions back. And it's only now that I know that Senpai came after me when she noticed I wasn't around...and when she found me crying alone, she decided to give me some time to myself.
Kaori: "Sakai's...been to the brink of death and back again, so she probably feels particularly affected by Mr. Toshiru's suffering..."
Yasuko: "She managed to get back, but...old man Toshiru's gonna meet that Saari in a few days."
The arm Yamanouchi's grabbed starts to hurt. Instead of shaking it off, I glance to Hatsumi, writing forms at the doctor's desk. Hatsumi doesn't look my way, however, and continues to silently fill out her forms. Does she know about Mr. Toshiru's condition? Does she know and is just keeping quiet? Am I just being childish, wanting her to say something to me now? ...Am I just weak for wanting to have a heart to heart with someone under this kind of emotional stress...? I go to Hatsumi's room after my bath, but she's not there today, either. Feeling lonely and desperate, I end up calling Senpai.
Nagisa: "...Ohh...so Mr. Toshiru doesn't have much time left, huh...?"
Mournfulness tinges her voice.
Nagisa: "He was already there when I'd just joined...and now he's really going to be gone..."
Kaori: "......"
Nagisa: "...With Sakai around, you can't do things the way you used to."
Kaori: "I...I can't?"
Nagisa: "You'd cry your eyes out whenever there was a sterben, remember? But...you won't be able to cry like that anymore."
Senpai's words sound like an undecipherable prophecy, so I just tilt my head.
Kaori: "Er...what do you mean by that?"
Senpai chuckles a bit on the other side of the line.
Nagisa: "Well, you'll get it when it happens. I'm leading my first operation tomorrow, so I'm going to go to sleep."
She hangs up before I can answer her.
Kaori: "...What did she mean...?"
I don't really understand what Senpai was getting at....What does she mean by I won't be able to cry like I used to...? An electrocardiogram monitor has been assigned to Mr. Toshiru, as if to announce that he doesn't have much time left. Even when I'm doing other work, I can't get my mind off the monitor.
Yasuko: "Old people have really tough hearts, so it takes a lot to put 'em at ease. Hell, and Heisei folks have their hearts stop at the drop of a hat, too."
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi!"
Her statement was so inappropriate that Hatsumi can't help but yell. Then, she takes a look at me.
Hatsumi: "Sawai. Have you finished his end of life care?"
Kaori: "...I have."
I had finished the preparations, but I can't help but feel like it's a bit too early -- especially with Mr. Toshiru's heart trying as hard as it is. Sakai is sitting next to me, palefaced and watching the slowly worsening electrocardiogram monitor.
Hatsumi: "Just making sure -- you have his DNR, right?"
Kaori: "Yes, the documents are right here."
Hatsumi: "...Sakai, I know it hurts, but end of life care is the last thing we nurses can do for our patients."
Sayuri: "I...I understand."
His veins weaken more and more. After phoning the doctor, Hatsumi leaves the nurses station. Sakai looks like she's on the verge of tears... Of course she would be. Dealing with a patient's death is always scary. I had to deal with my first sterben half a year after I started the job, but Sakai has to deal with one right after she started... The alarm screeches throughout the room. The twisted mountains on the monitor morph into a thin wave for a few moments before growing completely flat.
Yasuko: "Asystole...the doctor's announcin' his death to his family right about now. That's where you come in."
I nod at Yamanouchi's signal and take Sakai out of the nurses station. Mr. Toshiru's family is standing in the hallway. The doctor hurries off after announcing the patient's death, and after I pay some more attention to to Hatsumi explaining what happens next to the family, I headinto his room. We soak Mr. Toshiru's towels with the warm water the nursing assistants had prepared. Then, Sakai and I wipe down Mr. Toshiru's quietly sleeping body. He no longer has the fierce expression he would stare at the ceiling with, no -- now, he has the calmest of faces at rest.
Kaori: "...You're finally at peace, Mr. Toshiru."
Sayuri: "......"
Sakai is already crying. And as for me, well...I'm sad, there's no doubt about that, but I feel more relieved, so I can't quite find my tears.
Kaori: "Sakai, I'll turn Mr. Toshiru over to me, so can you wipe down his back?"
Sayuri: "...*Sniff*"
Sakai, however, shows no sign of moving. Wiping away her tears seems like the most she can do right now. And when I see her crying, I start to tear up, too.
Kaori: "Sakai! We can't send Mr. Toshiru home unless we clean him up, okay?"
Sayuri: "......"
Kaori: "Sakai, we're on the job. You can cry while you work, so...let's get this done?"
Sayuri: "...! A-All right...I'm...I'm sorry..."
I can't seem terribly convincing since I'm crying, too, but Sakai takes the towel that I offer her. With that, Sakai finishes up her first end of life care duty, and professionals discharge Mr. Toshiru by car from the back door.
Yasuko: "Welcome back. How was yer first end of life care?"
Sayuri: "...Yamanouchi, you're being mean."
Yasuko: "Oh, am I?"
...You know, I really want to pick up some of Yamanouchi's personality...
Yasuko: "That old timer's long war's finally over. He looked like he was at peace, didn't he?"
Sayuri: "...*S-Sniff*..."
Sakai has on a strange expression as she desperately holds back tears.
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi, let's leave it at that."
Yasuko: "What's the problem? A patient dies, and nurses sneak in some tears. Ain't nothin' wrong with that."
Yasuko: "...Hey, Sawai, remember back in the day? How that ole gramps said his wife was bein' mean to him and he bit the nurse call?"
...Oh yeah, I remember that.
Kaori: "Yeah...and he ate the rice cracker from the nurse station and went all smiles, saying it was spicy..."
Feeling tears come on, I quickly turn my back to Sakai. In the corner of my eye, I can see Hatsumi wiping her eyes while pretending to adjust her glasses. A part timer picks up the tissue box on her desk. The room isn't unaffected by what happened. Everyone is mourning the death of that loveable old man, that former soldier.
Yasuko: "...You're finally at peace, Gramps..."
Looking up at the ceiling, Yamanouchi softly put her crossed arms over her eyes. After we sent Mr. Toshiru off, the ward was quieter than usual, and work went on smoothly. As usual, Yamanouchi seemed to have some business and vanished as soon as evening reports were over, and Sakai stayed behind to read reports. When I end up alone, the sight of Mr. Toshiru being driven off fills my mind. Tears start to gush from my eyes.
Kaori: "...He's finally...at peace..."
When I say out loud what Yamanouchi whispered in the nurses station, a dam breaks in my tear glands and the tears come pouring down. Someone comes into the changing room, but I don't look up.
???: "...You really did your best, Kaori. You can cry all you want now."
I look up to see Hatsumi there. Because Sakai was around, I couldn't cry like I used to. Because I knew that if I cried, that would only put more pressure on Sakai. With her emotions overwhelmed by dealing with her first sterben already, she didn't need to see her preceptor break down. But I've already made up my mind not to bawl like I used to. Because I'm a nurse. I'll shed some mournful tears for patients who've set out on their final journey, then I'll face forward and get back to work.
Kaori: "I'm...I'm fine..."
Hatsumi: "But..."
Kaori: "...Senpai told me this...that I wouldn't be able to cry like I used to. And now I know what she means..."
Hatsumi: "...She's right. That's where we work, so we can't cry so much that it gets in the way of the job."
Kaori: "I couldn't stop my tears, but I told Sakai to get to work...even though I was crying, too."
Hatsumi: "There's nothing wrong with that. Feeling sad that someone has passed away isn't a flaw -- it's what makes you human."
Hatsumi gently embraces me.
Hatsumi: "You're going to keep on becoming more and more of a nurse....My pride and joy."
Kaori: "Hatsumi...!"
Still in my uniform, I bury my face in Hatsumi's chest and let myself cry for a while.
Kaori: "And that's how Mr. Toshiru passed away. He had a really peaceful face in the end..."
Nagisa: "...Is it just me, or do you sound a bit easygoing about announcing this patient's passing?"
Kaori: "Huh? I do...?"
If that's true, I must be awfully cold blooded. And that makes me think that I'm still really green as a nurse...which is depressing to consider.
Nagisa: "...But that means that you're alive. Someone dies, and the kids are laughing it up in the next room....That's just the kind of place a hospital is."
Kaori: "...Yeah, you're right."
Nagisa: "So, how about your beloved Chief Hatsumi? She knew Mr. Toshiru the longest out of any of us, so she must've taken it pretty hard."
Kaori: "!!"
I'd forgotten! I was too focused on my own sadness to notice Hatsumi's sadness!
Kaori: "Senpai! I'm sorry, there's something I need to take care of!"
Nagisa: "H-Hey, w...?!"
I quickly hang up the phone and dash out of my room. I want to see Hatsumi as soon as I can! I look to the elevator to see that it just started going down, so I can't use it. I hurry down the stairs. I get down to the third floor where Hatsumi lives.
Kaori: "Hatsumi!"
Unfortunately, her room is empty. There's a cup that's seen recent use over a half-written document, too.
Kaori: "...So, she's not here..."
I sigh, wash the tea stains out of the cup, and leave the room. The elevator is up in the fourth floor, and I don't feel like calling it down to the second, so I dash up the stairs again.
Kaori: "Phew..."
???: "I'm sorry, Chief..."
When I get to the fourth floor, I hear a familiar voice. That voice, that's...Sakai, right? I can't imagine the brand new Sakai would have connections to the surgical ward's Chief Kobayashi, so the only ‘Chief’ she could be speaking to would be...Hatsumi, right?! I peek over the corner. And when I do! Sakai and Hatsumi are...meeting in secret?! And they're hugging each other... Sakai looks up, and Hatsumi brings her face closer... Wait, are they going to...to kiss?! And then, Sakai leads Hatsumi into the room next to mine.
Kaori: "......"
I crumble to the floor. I...I saw that wrong, right? That didn't just happen? But Sakai did say ‘Chief', and that back was definitely Hatsumi’s... As I sit on the hallway floor in shock, another door opens.
Yasuko: "Oh? Well, if it ain't Sawai. What're ya doin', sittin' on the cold, hard floor?"
When I see that familiar face, a smorgasbord of emotions pours out of me.
Kaori: "...Ya..."
Yasuko: "Come again?"
Kaori: "Yamanouchiiii!"
Yasuko: "S-Sawai?!"
Surprised at me suddenly balling from the floor, Yamanouchi quickly moves to stand me up.
Yasuko: "Come on, stand up, stand up! Yer gonna freeze yer butt off, so get inside!"
I decide to indulge in Yamanouchi's kindness as I sob. It's incredibly awkward to be seen wailing so hard.
Yasuko: "What 'appen? Get dumped by Chief Otsuka?"
She rubs salt in my wounds with her question as she hands me some tea.
Kaori: "......!"
Tears pour out of my eyes again. I bring the hot cup to my mouth and manage to hide my face.
Yasuko: "Well...yer workin' real hard as a preceptor, I'll give ya that, but...ya really fall behind next to that lil' lady. And them's the facts."
Oof!
Yasuko: "And don't get the wrong idea -- everyone knows yer doin' yer best. But people who can really work probably don't understand how those that can't feel."
Oww! Does that mean that...talented workers connect more deeply...? And Sakai is a really talented worker, even though she's new to the job. Urgh...I might not be able to recover from this...!
Kaori: "...D-Does this mean the Chief likes Sakai more than me, now...?"
Yasuko: "Moron. Ain't nobody sayin' that."
She smacks me on the head.
Yasuko: "I'm just sayin' that talented workers can talk without goin' over the basics, so they can enjoy real high level conversations."
Kaori: "Then wouldn't she enjoy talking with you, Yamanouchi?"
Yasuko: "Well...the Chief and I got different outlooks when it comes to nursin', so we're not gonna have much fun when it comes to talkin' about that."
Yasuko: "Nah...instead, we'll get into a real heated debate, tryin' to get each other to acknowledge the other's way of doin' things..."
Yasuko: "though I bet to the peanut gallery, that looks like we're enjoyin' an exciting little chat."
Yasuko: "I bet the Chief just ain't satisfied, talkin' about work with you and Fujisawa..."
I wouldn't be...satisfying...?
Yasuko: "But when it comes to that lil' lady...it's a totally different story. Experience aside, her knowledge is veteran-class."
Kaori: "......"
I can't say a word in objection.
Yasuko: "But hey, don't worry about it, Sawai!"
Yasuko: "I'm just talkin' about them chattin' about work, that's it. This ain't about who's in love with who or whatever, so don't worry yer head about it."
Kaori: "...But..."
Yasuko: "Anyone can tell the Chief's head over heels for ya. Keep yer chin up."
She smacks my back.
Kaori: "...I think I might not have any real nursing outlook I can talk to Hatsumi with about..."
Yasuko: "Hang on a sec, that ain't the problem here... Ahh, tarnation. And here I was, just teasin' ya a little bit..."
Yasuko: "Fine, fine."
I look up when I hear a bump, then notice a big bottle of alcohol in front of me.
Yasuko: "Here's a bottle I've been savin' for ages -- the Beautiful Girl "! I'll drink with ya tonight, so down a bunch!"
That night, I drank more than I should with Yamanouchi and complained my heart out. Though, she poured me so much that I couldn't actually tell how her dearly preserved drink tasted.
====================scr00754.kgo====================
...... Ahh, my phone is ringing somewhere far off... That annoying voice keeps ringing in my head, so I put my covers over my face.
Kaori: "......!"
I don't want to accept it! I'm not going to accept it, ever...!
Kaori: "...Hmm...?"
I open my eyes to realize it's evening. Hey, I was...drinking with Yamanouchi last night, right...? .........I don't have any memories after that... Um...I was on the day shift today, wasn't I...?
Kaori: "Oh. Oh, no..."
I don't need a mirror to tell that my face has gone pale as a sheet. I skipped out on work! I'm on my third year, but I drank myself into a stupor a night before work and skipped out without calling in...!
???: "Sawai! It's me, open up!"
That voice, that's...Senpai? I stagger myself to my feet and move to open the door, but the moment I unlock it...
Nagisa: "Look at you, you're totally fine! And I came rushing over when I heard you skipped work -- I was so worried!"
Kaori: "H-Huh? But you're in a different ward, how did you...?"
Nagisa: "Chief Otsuka came down to the surgical ward to ask me directly if I knew what was going on! She said you wouldn't answer when she called, so I came here to have a ‘ward’ with you!"
Kaori: "Have a...‘ward’ with me...?"
Senpai...did you change a little in the surgical ward...? She was never the type to make dad jokes like that before, but...
Nagisa: "Er. Ahem. That aside, she said that you weren't the type of girl to just skip out on work, and she was super worried!"
Nagisa: "And there's a chief and head nurse meeting today, so she couldn't come to check up on you."
Kaori: "...And that's why she sent you...?"
Kaori: "Owie!"
Nagisa: "I didn't think I'd see you looking slack-jawed, reeking of booze and sleeping all day in your room! Talk about your disappointments!"
Senpai barges into my room.
Kaori: "I'm...I'm sorry..."
I let Senpai into my room and make some tea. Come to think of it, did I thank Yamanouchi for listening to me complain last night...? Urgh, I can't remember a thing...
Nagisa: "So, why'd you skip out on work? It wasn't just because you had a hangover, right?"
Kaori: "Well..."
I hesitate on whether to say it or not, but keeping quiet won't get me anywhere.
Kaori: "All right, well..."
I tell Senpai most of what I saw yesterday....Though I couldn't bring myself to tell her about Sakai and Hatsumi kissing. And when I think about it, the other day when I saw Hatsumi going into what I thought was my room... She'd probably gone into Sakai's room, next to mine.
Nagisa: "...And?"
Kaori: "A-And...what?"
Nagisa: "So you're suspecting that Chief Otsuka is cheating on you with Sakai, right?"
Kaori: "W-Well, I wouldn't say I suspect her..."
Nagisa: "Really? With the way you've gone on about this? You're definitely suspicious of her."
She hits hard.
Kaori: "Urgh...S-Senpai, is it just me, or are you harsher after going to surgery...?"
Nagisa: "Well, yeah. Speed is life in the surgical ward! If you sit on your hands, the patient'll die!"
She says that with a straight face and sips her tea. Hooboy...the Senpai I've always looked up to as grown in a kind of odd direction and gotten pretty manly...
Nagisa: "For starters, Sawai, have you actually sat down with the Chief and spoken with her?"
Kaori: "W-Well..."
I hadn't even thought of talking about it with her. I just ran away, since the scene I'd witnessed was too painful.
Nagisa: "So basically, you don't like how the straight-laced Chief is sneaking into Sakai's room, right?"
Kaori: "It's not just that..."
Nagisa: "Then what else is there?"
As she looks right at me, I decide to tell it to her straight. Yet, still -- my heart quivers.
Kaori: "...They were...kissing."
Nagisa: "Come again?"
Kaori: "I might have seen wrong, but Hatsumi was kissing Sakai...!"
Nagisa: "......"
Kaori: "Th-Though I...might've just been imagining it..."
Nagisa: "Well, if you weren't, then she's definitely cheating on you."
Kaori: "U-Urgh..."
She came out and said so easily what I was desperately trying to look away from.
Nagisa: "...But, hey. This is Chief Otsuka we're talking about, you know? She's really awkward when it comes to romance. Like, she's been married to her work up until now. "
Nagisa: "Could she really pull off cheating on someone like this?"
Kaori: "...I don't know..."
Senpai lets out a deep sigh.
Nagisa: "...Sawai, do you want the Chief to cheat on you?"
Kaori: "Of course not!"
Nagisa: "Then you're going to have to find out whether or not she actually cheated on you! Have you?"
Kaori: "......"
I haven't. I...I can't. I'm too scared to. If she says that she's tired of going out with me, there's no way I could recover...!
Nagisa: "It's scary to find out how the other person feels...believe me, I know."
Senpai nods vigorously. Senpai...really comes through for me in situations like these.
Nagisa: "You're up against the endlessly experienced chief of the ward, leader of the entire floor. And you're just a newbie nurse on her third year. There's no way you can stand up to her."
Nagisa: "I can understand why you'd get weak-kneed, Sawai. That's probably unavoidable. But, still..."
Kaori: "But still...?"
Nagisa: "You've gotta throw yourself in there and get shot down! That's key!"
Kaori: "Eeeps?!"
Get shot down? I'm going to get shot down?!
Nagisa: "Don't worry, I'll pick up your bones! No matter how many pieces you've been blown to, I'll pick them all up nicely for you!"
I don't appreciate that at all. Not in the least, but...I really appreciate how much Senpai cares about me.
Nagisa: "Anyway, the Chief should be coming back from her meeting. And you know what that means -- you've gotta act fast!"
Kaori: "Huh?! B-But...but...!"
Nagisa: "It'll be fine! Don't worry about a thing! Anyway, just hang on a sec!"
She pulls her phone out of her pocket and calls someone. She shoots a glance at me, and for some reason, she's grinning...
Nagisa: "Hello...ah, it's Fujisawa. Your wonderful girlfriend is depressed you might be cheating on her, so I'm going to charge in with Sawai right now!"
Kaori: "Wait, NOW?!"
Nagisa: "I'm really mad about this, too, so make your peace and get ready. See ya there!"
Senpai hangs up the phone without hearing a second word, then grabs my arm and stands up.
Nagisa: "There's no time to waste! I believed in the Chief and left her to you, so I've got some choice words for her!"
Kaori: "S-Senpai..."
I feel like I've got a really reliable ally, but I feel strangely worried... For some reason, Sakai is in Hatsumi's room.
Kaori: "......"
Just looking at her face makes my chest tighten so much that I can't say a thing.
Nagisa: "Oh my, oh me. The skilled chief of internal medicine does it again. You've got quite the guts to have your cheating partner here with you, of all times..."
Hatsumi: "Fujisawa...? What's gotten into you, what are you talking about...?"
Sayuri: "U-Um...this is something I asked her to..."
The moment I hear Sakai's voice, the dam of emotions in my heart breaks.
Kaori: "I'm sorry, Sakai! Please, don't take Hatsumi away from me!"
Sayuri: "Er...what?"
Kaori: "I really love Hatsumi! I may not be anywhere near her level as a nurse, but I love her! I can't hold back these feelings!"
Kaori: "I know it's probably annoying to see me hanging around her, but, but...I just love her!"
Kaori: "I can't give up on her! Just thinking about life without Hatsumi hurts so much it brings me to my knees!"
Sayuri: "H-Hold on a minute! What are you talking about?!"
Kaori: "Hwah?"
I look up to see that Sakai and Hatsumi are both beet red.
Sayuri: "I was just asking her for work advice! There's a lot in the ward I'm not used to and I needed the help!"
Sayuri: "I know that you're working really hard at being my preceptor, but this is just how I am! I say really harsh things and don't always get what I mean across!"
Sayuri: "When Mr. Toshiru passed away, I couldn't do anything...but when you scolded me, it made me angry, happy...just, I don't know!"
...Er...wait, what's going on...?
Hatsumi: "...True, in Sakai's eyes, Sawai might not look terribly reliable."
Hatsumi chuckles, then gives me a harsh look.
Hatsumi: "She's ditzy, she misspeaks during nurse calls, she never gets used to emergency situations, and she drinks herself into missing work."
Oof...H-Hatsumi, you don't have to put it like that...
Hatsumi: "That said, she looks at our patients with kinder eyes than anyone else in the ward. She also works hard to learn to do what she can't."
Hatsumi: "She may seem lacking to someone as skilled as you, Sakai, but nursing isn't just about technique and knowledge. Being with the patients, taking care of their daily lives..."
Hatsumi: "all of that is nursing."
She lets out a bit of a giggle.
Hatsumi: "...It's true that Sawai still has a long way to go. But even so...no, precisely because of that, I assigned her to be your preceptor."
Sayuri: "Because she has a long way to go...?"
Hatsumi: "You think I hadn't noticed you hiding your sadness after you would said harsh things to Sawai?"
Hatsumi: "There's far more that you can learn from Sawai than you think, Sakai."
Hatsumi: "Those are things that no one can teach you -- things you need to feel by yourself, and think about on your own."
Hatsumi: "Feeling down after saying horrible things you didn't mean to...feeling down after being told horrible things...those experiences aren't wasted on the both of you."
Nagisa: "...Which means, you weren't actually cheating on her...?"
Hatsumi: "...Don't be silly. How many times have I said you're the only one I love, Kaori?"
Hatsumi looks exasperated, then looks to me with a gently admonishing face. Her eyes are terribly gentle. And I couldn't even believe in her fully!
Kaori: "H-Hatsumi, I'm so sorry for suspecting you!"
I quickly bow my head, and she softly puts her hand on my head.
Hatsumi: "*Giggle* Well, truth be told, I picked up that you might be suspicious of me. But...I kept things as they were."
Kaori: "Wait...why? I was really worried..."
Her gentle hand comfortingly strokes my head.
Hatsumi: "...Well, while you're worried, I'm the only thing you can think about, right?"
Nagisa: "......"
Sayuri: "Ch-Chief...?"
Hatsumi: "You want to say I've failed as chief....And I can understand that. But I'm a woman in love, too -- and I happen to be rather possessive."
Nagisa: "...And you made so much trouble..."
Sayuri: "Sawai, you're surprisingly unforgiving."
Uwah!
Sayuri: "But I'm confident I wouldn't doubt someone I put my trust in once!"
Kaori: "B-But...I saw you two kissing..."
Sayuri: "Kissing?! The Chief and I? Are you sure you don't need to get your eyes checked?"
Hatsumi: "Oh, don't be silly. You know my lips belong to you, Kaori."
Kaori: "I know that! I know that, but...!"
But you were with Sakai, and she's way more talented than I am! ...Well, my pride won't let me say that out loud, so I keep quiet.
Nagisa: "...This is ridiculous."
Nagisa whispers, sounding completely done.
Sayuri: "It really is. I completely agree."
Sayuri: "...And if you're this flimsy, I'll steal her away."
Kaori: "...!!"
When I see that gentle smile matched with those mean words, I find myself hugging Hatsumi tight. After looking at Sakai with strangely hostile eyes, Hatsumi hugs me tight. And Senpai, well...she looks at us in exasperation before turning to Sakai.
Nagisa: "...So, which one'll you steal?"
Sakai looks back at Senpai with knowing eyes.
Hatsumi: "......"
I can feel Hatsumi's tension from her arms around me.
Kaori: "Hweh?"
I don't really get it, but apparently Sakai...and Hatsumi understood what Senpai meant.
Sayuri: "Good question...which one, indeed."
Nagisa: "If you're after the Chief, I wouldn't mind helping. Because I'll be taking Sawai in return."
Hatsumi: "Hey, don't talk as if we're not right here!"
Senpai and Sakai take a look at each other, then share a giggle.
Sayuri: "Well, whichever I go for, it looks like I would have my work cut out for me."
Nagisa: "I think throwing a wrench in their gears would be pretty fun, but make sure you don't get too ambitious and end up knocked over, all right?"
They seem to be enjoying mocking us, so I hold Hatsumi tighter.
Kaori: "You can't have her! She's mine!"
Hatsumi's mine, you hear me?! She's all mine!
Hatsumi: "That's right! If you're going to steal Kaori from me, be ready to put your life on the line!"
Hatsumi: "I'll make you wish you were never born...*Giggle*..."
We can't tell if Hatsumi's joking or being serious. Senpai is taken aback, Sakai is honestly scared, and I...
Kaori: "You can't! I don't want you to become a criminal for my sake!"
Hatsumi: "Of course not, my cute little Kaori. We only need each other -- let's ignore these thieves."
Hatsumi: "I wouldn't go out of my way to dirty my hands."
Kaori: "Hatsumi..."
Hatsumi: "Kaori..."
Forgetting that the gallery is watching, we melt into each other with a deep kiss.
====================scr00755.kgo====================
An uneventful week has passed since then. Sakai had declared she'd steal one of us away, but she didn't quite do anything. Instead, we enjoyed peaceful days at work. I wonder if the Chief's threat worked? Still, the ward is as busy as ever. I've been phoning Senpai on nights I don't stay over at Hatsumi's room. We've been swapping information, and it sounds like the surgical ward is every bit as busy.
Sayuri: "I'll head over to 306!"
Kaori: "Are you going to be all right with the kids? Want me to come with you?"
Sayuri: "Heh...who do you think I am? If I hadn't come back to Yurigahama, I'd be in the pediatric ward of Teidai right now, working my..."
Yasuko: "Hey, you two! Quit yer yappin' and get to work!"
Kaori: "On it!"
Sayuri: "I'm off!"
The internal medicine ward has a different flavor of busy from the surgical ward, but it keeps on turning. From the doctor's desk a bit further away, Chief Hatsumi is looking over at me like she's watching something bright.
Kaori: "Hatsu...Chief, is something wrong?"
Hatsumi: "Oh, no...nothing at all."
Hatsumi: "But when I see you and Sakai...I can't help but feel you're acting like sisters, so I was just feeling a touch nostalgic."
Kaori: "Well, I am Sakai's preceptor. It's really tough having such a smart little sister, though -- I can't argue her down."
Hatsumi: "...*Giggle* I'm sure you're right about that."
Hatsumi's eyes grow distant. She's probably thinking back to Hazuki.
Yasuko: "I'm real sorry to ruin the mood, but we're up to our eyeballs in stuff to do here. We right need all hands on deck -- and I mean all hands."
Yasuko: "So if yer gonna get all loveydovey, then wait till you're off the clock and in yer room!"
After hearing Yamanouchi's scolding, we look at each other for a moment and burst out laughing.
Kaori: "...You know, it feels like it's been a long time since I've gotten to relax in your room like this, Hatsumi..."
Hatsumi: "It sure has. I would go to Sakai's room when I heard her out about work, too..."
Hatsumi strains out a smile as she hands me some black tea. She seems to have done quite a bit of research since then, and her black tea's gotten really good lately....Though sometimes, she'll serve up something that tastes utterly horrific, so her tea's a bit of a Russian roulette.
Kaori: "Is that because you didn't want Sakai to see how messy your room is?"
Hatsumi: "It's because I didn't want to let anyone but you into my room!"
She responds immediately with a big frown.
Kaori: "H-Hatsumi...!"
I'm so happy that as I gaze at Hatsumi's familiar face, I see redness extend from her cheeks to her ears until it covers her entire face.
Hatsumi: "O-Oh, you... D-Don't make me say things like this....You silly."
Hatsumi's always so cute when she's embarrassed! Ahh, I just want to kiss her...!
Kaori: "Huh? Someone's here...?"
Disappointment bubbles up at the interruption. Hatsumi's the chief of a ward, so it's no surprise that someone would come visit her after-hours about something work related.
Hatsumi: "Just leave them be. We're off the clock, so if we just pretend not to be here, they'll give up and go somewhere else."
Kaori: "B-But we can't just do that! You're the Chief, remember? You can't cut corners like that..."
And on the other side of the door was...!
Sayuri: "Good evening! I'm here to study up a bit, allow me to let myself in!"
Kaori: "Er...w-wait, hold on a--"
Sakai steps into Hatsumi's room while I'm too stunned to react. Ahh, my precious alone time with Hatsumi...!
Sayuri: "I asked Sawai questions this afternoon that she couldn't quite answer, so I decided to ambush your room."
Kaori: "A-Ambush...?"
Hatsumi has an awkward smile pointed at Sakai. Hatsumi was right...I should have left the door closed...
Hatsumi: "Well, you're here, and there's no chasing you out, but...don't forget that this is mine and Kaori's little nest of love, all right?"
Hatsumi sets the ground rules immediately. Sakai, however, is looking around Hatsumi's room with the most inquisitive of eyes, leaving it ambiguous whether she was listening or not.
Sayuri: "...You know, I've heard that there are quite a few nurses who make their rooms into ‘nests’ that suit them."
Sayuri: "And it's because they make nests that they can never find partners."
Hatsumi: "Well, I have Kaori!"
Kaori: "Hatsumi..."
Sayuri: "...Right, right, I know how lovey dovey you two are! That aside, could you teach me about the effects and side effects of these anticancer drugs?"
Sakai's brought over a list of anticancer drugs that I've seen in the ward. And when I take a glance at Hatsumi, I see that she's already in nurse mode. I...I can't believe this. My precious alone time with Hatsumi...
Kaori: "I...I can't believe you'd butt in like this..."
Sayuri: "If you don't like it, Sawai, do study up so that you can answer my questions."
Kaori: "Aargh..."
I can't say anything to that, and we end up falling into an emergency study session... After studying about the drugs to satisfaction, Sakai leaves without incident. You know, she probably just wanted to mess with me a little.
Hatsumi: "Goodness, me. I can hardly believe you didn't acknowledge that this was our nest of love, and ours alone."
H-Hatsumi, are you mad at me for opening the door when you told me not to...?
Kaori: "But that's kind of...an embarrassing phrase to use."
Hatsumi: "You big silly, that's the best part about it. Don't you know that?"
Hatsumi giggles....The thought strikes me that if Hazuki were still around, she might be like this. When Hatsumi and I are enjoying our alone time, she'd probably get jealous. And if I'd play with Hazuki, Hatsumi would pout and ask if she'd finished her studies. Then I'd feel their sisterly bond, get jealous, and pout myself. The relationship between the three of us probably wouldn't change -- Hazuki would just take Sakai's place. And besides, Hatsumi only learned who I was because of that accident, anyway.
Kaori: "...But Sakai was generous in the end, there."
Hatsumi: "*Giggle* Well, our dear little sister is very smart."
Kaori: "Little...sister?"
Hatsumi: "That's right. You've been keeping her wavering heart intact, and I've been supporting you."
Hatsumi: "If it weren't for you, she would have gone out with nothing but book knowledge...and been crushed by reality. I guarantee it."
Hatsumi: "You're the one who saved her from that, Kaori."
Kaori: "Well, you saved me too, Hatsumi..."
Hatsumi: "...Oh, right."
Hatsumi: "Much like Sakai is our little sister, you're my little sister, too...and my dear lover."
Kaori: "Hatsumi..."
Hatsumi: "And as your older sister, I can't wait to see you two grow."
Kaori: "I'll become a nurse you won't be embarrassed to stand by!"
Kaori: "So...well."
I lean over onto Hatsumi and gently close my eyes.
Hatsumi: "You really love affection, don't you, Kaori?"
Hatsumi's kiss is delightfully sweet, and tastes of honeyed milk tea.
====================scr00801.kgo====================
???: "...i...Sawai...Sawai!"
Kaori: "Huh...? O-Oh, coming, Senpai!"
I quickly look up when I'm called. Senpai isn't there, though. Instead, the Chief looks at me with baffled, cold eyes.
Hatsumi: "...Sawai, how many times has it been?"
Oh, no...I did it again... Lately, I've been thinking about Senpai so much that I haven't been putting my all into my job....Though I am aware of what I'm doing. And I do think I need to improve things, but...
Kaori: "I-I'm really sorry."
Hatsumi: "How long are you planning on acting like a newbie? You'll worry the patients."
Kaori: "I'm sorry, I'll be careful."
Her tone is calm, but the Chief's eyes are sharp and piercing. I can feel the annoyance in them. And that just makes me feel really guilty.
Yasuko: "It's all because yer head's filled with yer beloved Fujisawa, isn't it? Try to at least think o' the beloved patients that're waitin' on you sometimes, all right?"
Yamanouchi tries to smooth things over.
Hatsumi: "...Enough. Have you finished the vitals checks? You were going to check everyone today, weren't you?"
Kaori: "O-Oh, sorry, I'll get right on it!"
Yasuko: "Oh, Sawai!"
I stop when Yamanouchi calls out to me.
Kaori: "Yes?"
Yasuko: "You're not forgetting the big thing that happened during the night shift, are you?"
Kaori: "!"
Oh, that's right! An emergency was announced during the morning reports, but I was too distracted to notice. And by the time I came back to, the reports were over. I figured I'd check the night shift reports later, but totally forgot... Yamanouchi saw right through me!
Hatsumi: "...Sawai, calm down a bit more before you act."
Kaori: "I-I will...I'm sorry..."
The Chief's words pierce my chest. Why am I like this? I'm trying to do my best, but I keep swinging and missing. Is it because Senpai isn't here with me...? Ahh, stop, stop! I'm getting distracted again. I open up the reports and take notes. Yesterday's big event...let's see... The writing in the written morning report looks twisted and unreadable.
Kaori: "......"
...If only Senpai were here. Because she isn't with me, I...
Yasuko: "Sawai? ...You all right?"
Yamanouchi peers at my face with a worried look. I quickly turn away from her.
Kaori: "I-I'm fine."
Yasuko: "Moron."
She lightly smacks my head. I look up to see her grinning mischievously at me.
Yasuko: "You go to the patients lookin' like that and you'll just worry ‘em. Gotta remember t’ smile. All right?"
Ah, she's right. The patients here are facing life and death. They're always worried. I'm a nurse, I can't look like this! Senpai taught me that, too!
Kaori: "You're right!"
I put on a big smile and nod. This smile has everything I've got in it.
Kaori: "I'm off!"
Even if it's a fake smile...it's all I need for now! Right, Senpai? Senpai... Senpai, are you working hard in the surgical ward you've always wanted to be in? I want to be like you as soon as I can. But...I know that I'm just baggage, as I am now. I've never stopped being a newbie. Senpai...what should I do?
Kaori: "...Phew."
I stop and take a deep breath. First, we'll start with room 301. Out with the bad mood and in with the good!
Kaori: "Hello, everyone! It's time to take everyone's temperatures!"
I make my voice sound as cheerful as I can. This is the intensive care room, where seriously ill patients and patients who can't move by themselves are cared for. The mood gets really down here pretty often, so I've got to be really cheerful!
Kaori: "All right, here comes the thermometer!"
This quiet, quiet room, closer to death than any of the others. The patients desperately plant their feet down on this interval between life and death. And I'm here to support them....So I've got to pull it together!
Kaori: "Phew..."
I've finally gotten through half... Yamanouchi told me to check everyone's vitals for starters if I wanted to learn the job with my body, but......I've only gone through half of the rooms... Ahh, how could I be so slow?!
???: "...Finished?"
Kaori: "Oh, Senpai!"
Happy to hear the gentle voice, I energetically turn around. But standing there is...
Kaori: "Ch-Chief..."
Hatsumi: "...Sawai. I have something to talk to you about when you've finished taking temperatures. Come to me when you get back to the nurses station."
Huh...?! She has something to talk with me about? I'm...I'm not going to get fired, am I?!
Hatsumi: "You haven't answered. Are you listening, Sawai?"
Kaori: "O-Oh, yes...I am, sorry."
Hatsumi: "...Then at least give me an answer. Otherwise, I can't tell if you're listening or not, can I?"
Hatsumi: "Well, I won't belabor this point. Come see me when you've returned to the station."
The Chief says what she wants to and leaves. My heart only grows heavier....I've got to pull it together. I don't want to get scolded any more...
Hatsumi: "Go ahead and sit down, for starters."
Kaori: "All right..."
We sit on the sofas across from each other. I can't look her in the face, so I find myself looking down.
Hatsumi: "...I just want to make sure of something. You know why I called you here, right?"
Kaori: "......"
I have quite a few ideas why. But I don't know which is worst, so I just keep my mouth shut. The Chief lets out another sigh.
Hatsumi: "...I'm not sure if you're aware of this or not, but you don't seem to be putting yourself into your work lately."
Kaori: "I'm sorry..."
Hatsumi: "I don't want to hear your apologies. I want you to do some thinking on just what our job is."
Kaori: "......"
Hatsumi: "Our daily work may be routine, but our patients aren't. Our patients change, and so do their conditions."
Kaori: "Yes, ma'am..."
Hatsumi: "Just absently working away houses the possibility of missing something dire. Do you really understand that?"
Kaori: "......"
Hatsumi: "If you call a staff member's name wrong, that isn't much of an issue. You can just say their name again."
Hatsumi: "But what if you get a patient's name wrong? What if you don't notice that and administer them the wrong medicine and treatment? What then?"
I slowly speak up.
Kaori: "It'll end up being...medical malpractice."
Hatsumi: "That started from something as small as a wrong name. But what follows isn't small in the least."
Hatsumi: "Our work doesn't just affect the lives of our patients -- it affects the lives of the people connected to them, too. And I want you to understand that."
Kaori: "...I will. I'm sorry."
Hatsumi: "...I know you're worried because Fujisawa isn't here anymore. I know how much you depended on her. But remember -- you are a professional."
Hatsumi: "You may still be new, but to our patients, you're a nurse of Yurigahama General Hospital, like any other."
Hatsumi: "You can't keep depending on others. You need to take more responsibility for your work as you tend to your duties. And if you can't do that..."
She doesn't continue. I don't want to hear what comes next. Because I know it'll only be painful. Really, I just want to plug up my ears. But...
Hatsumi: "...In any case, please improve your attitude towards work. If you keep this up, I'll have to have you go down to the outpatient ward. Now, get back to work."
Kaori: "...I will. Th-Thank you."
I bow my head and leave the break room. My coworkers are busily working inside the nurses station. I want to join them...I want to get on their level as soon as I can. But can I really pull it off...? Can I really be like them? ...The Chief gave me an ultimatum. If I keep this up, I'm headed for the outpatient ward. Which means she won't be able to let me take direct care of the patients who spend their days in this ward... A dark patch of unease begins to grow in my heart.
Yasuko: "Sorry, Sawai, can ya get that?!"
Kaori: "S-Sure!"
I dash up to the nurse call.
Kaori: "Hello, what seems to be the problem?"
???: "My IV is about to run out..."
Kaori: "I'll be right over!"
I notice after I've hung up... That was Miss Sakai on the line just now! I take a look at the clock to see that it's just past about noon. And her IV was slated to finish at twelve... Oh no, we're a little late again!
Kaori: "U-Um, Miss Sakai's IV needs changing..."
Yasuko: "Sorry, could ya take her vitals, too?"
Wait, what?! Is she telling me to go do it?! But I'm not in charge of Miss Sakai anymore...! ...But as I think of that, Yamanouchi busily leaves the nurses station. Urgh...
Kaori: "Sorry for the wait!"
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai shoots me a harsh look. Urgh... Could you not look at me like that...?
Kaori: "I-I'm sorry. I'll change your IV bottle right away!"
Sayuri: "Go ahead and change my bottle, but why did you show up? Didn't you get fired from taking care of me?"
Oof. Her words stab deep.
Kaori: "W-Well...Yamanouchi's kind of busy right now, so..."
Sayuri: "Oh, so you were the only one with nothing to do, then....*Sigh* I at least want my nurse to do something as basic as a bottle change."
Kaori: "I...I'm sorry..."
She launches sharp arrow after arrow into my chest.
Sayuri: "Sorry, sorry -- there you go, doing nothing but apologize. Even a monkey can do that, and at least monkeys are cute."
Kaori: "......"
That one really hurt... I'm too shocked to even move.
Sayuri: "...I just hope this doesn't end up as medical malpractice."
I feel my heart leap in pain at that. Medical malpractice... The very words the Chief warned me about a while ago...
Kaori: "......"
Miss Sakai turns her eyes away.
Sayuri: "...Not that it matters terribly much, but you look dreadfully down. Are you caring for the other patients looking like that?"
Kaori: "......"
Sayuri: "Looking at a face like that won't do anyone's health any favors."
Kaori: "......"
Sayuri: "You can barely do your job right, so isn't your only advantage that smile of yours? You should just keep that dumb grin going."
Miss Sakai doesn't let up with her barbed words.
Kaori: "...Y-You're right. Keeping up a smile is...the only thing I can really do..."
I force myself to smile, but it doesn't work out.
Sayuri: "...You have no knowledge, no experience, and you don't even study...isn't putting on a smile the least you can do?"
Kaori: "You're...you're right..."
I think...I'm going to cry...
Sayuri: "I haven't expected a thing of your abilities since the day we met. So you should just do what you can."
Kaori: "......"
I really can't do anything, can I? I can't even say anything in my defense. I'm just so...pathetic. My eyes start to heat up as tears come on their way.
Sayuri: "......"
See, even Miss Sakai's baffled by me. The core of my nose starts to hurt.
Kaori: "...I'll be leaving."
Sayuri: "H-Hey...!"
Miss Sakai says something before I close the door, but I pretend not to hear and close it. I can't take any more of this. If something's wrong, she'll press her nurse call... So she's going to be fine... Just...now, I...
Kaori: "*Sniff*...*sniff*..."
I'm crying quietly in the empty stairwell....I want to see Senpai. Those feelings pushing me, I absently toy with my phone. Can I see you today, Senpai? I know you must be busy in your new ward, but I just want to see your face... I'm really sorry if I'm asking too much. After I send her a text, I finally sit myself down on a break room sofa. The moment I sit down, I lock eyes with the Chief. She seems stunned to see me.
Kaori: "O-Oh..."
Hatsumi: "...You're off the clock, and I don't really want to bother you about this when you're off, but..."
Hatsumi: "This is your workplace, and your coworkers are right here and still on the clock. Cell phone use is forbidden in the hospital, too. Were you on your phone, knowing that?"
Kaori: "I-I'm sorry..."
I got scolded again... But that's totally fine! Because my phone is shaking with a new message. And it's definitely from Senpai!
Hatsumi: "...Well, I've scolded you enough. You've got places to be, don't you? Go and get changed."
Kaori: "Yes, ma'am!"
After making sure that the Chief has left, I check my message. "I'll be a little late, but wait in your room, okay?"
Kaori: "!!"
I get to see Senpai tonight! As pleased as can be, I fly out of the hospital.
Kaori: "Take care!"
Hatsumi: "......."
The Chief sighed at me, but I don't mind that at all. All right, I'll buy Senpai's favorite beer and head back to the dorm. I wonder what our snacks should be? Or maybe I should make something myself!
Kaori: "I've chilled the beer, and the snacks are ready to go! Next, I'll need...oh, I'll need something sweet, too! Did I have anything sweet lying around...?"
Just thinking that I'll get to see Senpai puts me in a much better mood. Senpai really is something!
Kaori: "Senpai's like a vitamin just for me! Eheheh..."
Kaori: "Oh! Coming!"
Nagisa: "Hey, sorry for the wait!"
Kaori: "Senpai! Great to see you!"
Nagisa: "My, that's quite the warm welcome! Your senpai's so happy!"
Kaori: "I was on the edge of my seat waiting for you to get back! Welcome back!"
Nagisa: "*Giggle* That makes us sound like a couple of newlyweds, doesn't it?"
Kaori: "Welcome home, dear. Will you bathe first, or have dinner first?"
Kaori: "Or will you have..."
Nagisa: "Me?"
Kaori: "Uwah! No fair, Senpai, I was supposed to say that!"
Nagisa: "Pff..."
Kaori: "Ahahaha!"
Nagisa: "Ahahaha! Yeesh, Sawai."
Kaori: "You sure are in a good mood, Senpai!"
Nagisa: "Nah, this is just how it goes!"
Kaori: "Ahaha, that sure is like you, Senpai. Well, let's get to drinking! The beer's really cold!"
Senpai smiles as happy as can be.
Nagisa: "Hoh-hoh, you sure know how to please a girl, bride of mine!"
Kaori: "Oh, Senpai!"
Nagisa: "Then I guess we didn't need these, huh?"
Nagisa: "I bought drinks and snacks!"
When I look into her bag, I let out a cry.
Kaori: "Hey, we used to eat these together all the time back in high school!"
Senpai nods with a big grin.
Nagisa: "Yeah, you know it. I caught sight of 'em in at the store and they were such a blast from the past I had to buy them! Want one?"
Kaori: "Oh, you know it! This really brings me back!"
Nagisa: "Remember having a little banquet in the student council room and getting yelled at?"
Kaori: "Yeah! And when the teacher came, we tried to hide everything...and you tried to hide the snacks in my skirt!"
Nagisa: "Is that how it happened? Didn't you try hiding them in my skirt?"
The nostalgic scene plays out in my mind. Senpai and myself, way back in high school.
Kaori: "I didn't do that at all! Your juice spilled in my skirt and got into my panties!"
Kaori: "And that's how they found out what we did, and the entire student council got yelled at! It was your fault, Senpai!"
Nagisa: "Ahaha, now I remember, you're right! But we got found out because you fidgeted around so much -- at least learn to endure some wet panties!"
Kaori: "Th-That's awful, Senpai! Abuse of power! You tyrant!"
Nagisa: "Man, I remember how you freaked out back then! The student council and the faculty would talk about it all the time."
Kaori: "Q-Quit it! Besides, you should have used your own skirt in the first place!"
Nagisa: "Well, c'mon, cheer up? Let's forget all that -- it's ancient history!"
Kaori: "There you go, dodging responsibility..."
We giggle at each other again.
Nagisa: "Well, cheers!"
Kaori: "Cheeeers!"
Nagisa: "Phew! Man, there's nothing like the first beer after a long day's work!"
Kaori: "Oh, Senpai."
Nagisa: "What? You look like you're got somethin' to say!"
Kaori: "N-No, I don't!"
Nagisa: "Oh? You trying to hide something from me?!"
Senpai puts down her can and tackles me.
Kaori: "Uwah! S-Senpai, I'm going to spill my drink! We're both gonna get drenched!"
Nagisa: "You can just wipe that away! And I'll clean any mess in the room!"
Kaori: "But? But, Senpai, you've never cleaned up before you...uwah!"
Senpai puts her arm around my neck and drags me to her. My...my neck! I can't brrreeaaaathe!
Kaori: "T-Too...too tight... Uncle! Uncle!"
As I trash desperately in her arms, Senpai brings her face closer.
Nagisa: "You know what happens to cheeky mouths? They get sealed up real tight!"
Kaori: "Eep! Senpai, personal space! Personal space! You reek of beeeer!"
Nagisa: "Well, duh, ‘cause I've been drinking! You just haven’t had enough!"
Senpai's pursed lips draw ever closer.
Nagisa: "How about I give you some mouth-to-mouth beer infusion?"
The can on the table falls over. I nearly leap up in surprise, but it's very empty...which means Senpai already drank the whole thing?!
Kaori: "Senpai, you're way too excited! Isn't the surgical ward really rough?"
Nagisa: "Like you wouldn't believe!"
Senpai pulls herself up and reaches for her second beer.
Nagisa: "But man, the surgery department's really fun. There's so much to do so it's super busy, but it's really worth doing."
Her words are brimming with confidence....I'm so jealous... I've been rotting away in the internal medicine, but Senpai flew off into surgery and is on top of the world...
Kaori: "Oh...and you've got to be busy because there's plenty of surgeries, right?"
Nagisa: "Yeah...I'm busy with pre-op and post-op preparations, and there's a lot more sudden changes than in internal medicine. The surgical ward pretty much revolves around operations."
Nagisa: "And the changes themselves, well...it's not like in internal medicine, where the patient slowly changes, and then one day, bam! It hits them, and you have to rush to deal with it."
Nagisa: "Instead, you know that there's a chance for things to go wrong beforehand, so as soon as you see the initial symptoms, bam! You get on that right away, you know?"
Kaori: "Wow, that sounds really tough..."
Nagisa: "Yeah, you know it. You've got to study a LOT, and if you don't react quickly, things take a really bad turn really quickly. And if the operation drags on, you're in overtime central!"
She rotates her neck and stretches out her shoulders as she speaks. Wow. I want to be like Senpai as soon as I can -- standing on my own two feet and depended on!
Kaori: "Ohh, so that's why you ended up late..."
Really, I just wanted her to hear me complain, but...when I see how full of vitality Senpai is, I feel really down on myself. That's why I just can't say anything...
Nagisa: "So last week, we had this patient, right? When we opened up his gauze, wouldn't you know it, his suture had opened up! We had to rush into another operation right then and there."
Nagisa: "But there was already a patient in the operating room, so we had to wait till it emptied out, and we had to do pre-op and post-op prep at the same time! Man, it was crazy."
Kaori: "What do you do for pre-op prep?"
Nagisa: "Hm? Oh, well, we give ‘em muscle injections to make the anesthesia work better, take their vitals...there’s a bunch of stuff we do."
Nagisa: "So, when the operating room finally opened up, the nurse inside was all, ‘wait, I didn't hear about this', and everyone got all confused..."
Nagisa: "it was really something, I’m telling you!"
Senpai's just so...so cool... Operations! It's like something out of a medical drama!
Kaori: "Wow, Senpai! I knew you'd be really awesome in the surgical ward, too!"
Nagisa: "...Well, I won't say that."
Senpai just giggles off my compliment. Senpai's just so radiant that I can't say what I want to. Really, I wanted to tell her that I missed her. That I wanted her to come back to the internal medicine ward. I wanted her to be my preceptor again, and I wanted us to smile as we worked like we used to. But... She's in the surgical ward she's always wanted to be in, and she's doing her best. So I can't indulge. If I miss Senpai, then I should follow in her footsteps. If I studied really hard and worked my butt off to get to the surgical ward with her...well, that would be great. So I can't feel sorry for myself! And I've got to be grateful to Senpai for making me realize that!
Nagisa: "So, how about you, Sawai? Working hard?"
Kaori: "I can't complain when I see you working so hard, Senpai! I'll do my best, even if you're not in the ward anymore!"
I ball a fist in determination. I've got to do my best! To work my tail off in the surgical ward with Senpai, too!
Nagisa: "Oh? Even if I'm not there, huh?"
...H-Huh? Senpai seems a little...pouty...? Did I say something weird?
Nagisa: "Heh. For such a ditz, you really said it... You sure you're not crying your eyes out because you miss me?"
Guh...!
Nagisa: "Ahh, I'm so jealous of you, Sawai! You don't look like you have anyproblems -- you're always saying you'll do your best!"
Kaori: "Hmph! I can put in the work even without you, Senpai!"
Yeah, I can't depend on Senpai so much!
Nagisa: "Yeah? Really, now? Well, there you go, Sawai! If you don't have any problems, I guess you'd be totally fine without me around."
She pinches my cheek.
Kaori: "Owie! That's not true, Senpai! I'm at the age where I've got a bunch of problems!"
Nagisa: "Oh yeah? Well, you don't look like you've even got one problem."
Kaori: "Sounds like you've got bad eyesight, Senpai."
I stick out my tongue, and Senpai blows me a raspberry....... Eventually...we both just start giggling. Senpai stands up as she laughs.
Nagisa: "Well, I'm on the day shift tomorrow! You are too, right? So go ahead and sleep -- try not to drink too much, okay?"
Kaori: "What's the matter, Senpai? You've drunk half of your normal amount, and I usually have to fight to get you to go home! It's like you're an expert nurse all of a sudden...!"
Nagisa: "How rude! I'll forgive you, though!"
Nagisa: "Well, see you! Good night, Sawai!"
She waves and heads out of my room in high spirits.
Kaori: "Good night, Senpai!"
All right, I'll take a bath and go to bed, too! Because I've got to take on work with a new outlook from tomorrow on! I dip into the tub and get the alcohol out of my system. I couldn't call myself a nurse if I went to work reeking of beer! And I may not be the best nurse around, but I can still do what I can to improve!
Kaori: "Hm?"
The phone I left on my bed is flashing up a storm. A message? At this hour? When I open my phone, my heart leaps. "Call from unknown number.""Call from unknown number.""Call from unknown number."
"Call from unknown number.""Call from unknown number.""Call from unknown number."
Calls from an unknown number...and no matter how much I scroll down the screen, they don't end. What in the world...? Did someone have an emergency? I mean, they could have at least left a message, then.
Kaori: "......"
My phone rings in my hand. I check the display. Another unknown number. Who is it?
Kaori: "Hello...?"
The other side is quiet, and I don't hear a single sound.
Kaori: "Who...who is this?"
My throat is dry, and my voice hoarse. It's hard to speak. I desperately try to hear what's on the other side, but it stays silent.
Kaori: "...N-No!"
I quickly hang up the phone and move to scroll through my phone's address book. My fingers are trembling and it's hard to press the phone's tiny buttons.
Kaori: "Senpai...Senpai!"
I find the name I'm after and call the number. Senpai, please answer! Then, I hear an unfamiliar phone ringing really close by. It's coming from my room? I search for the sound with my phone in hand. Senpai's phone is flashing between some cardboard boxes. I see a familiar phone strap. When I cancel the call, Senpai's phone stops flashing. So it's definitely her phone, then? But why is it here? I reach out for it. And when I do...!
Kaori: "Eep?!"
"Unknown number."
When I see the words on my phone's display, I reflexively turn it off. I figure that Senpai will need her phone, so I go to her room to get it back to her before I go to sleep. Oh yeah, Senpai said she's organizing her work with her phone, didn't she?
Nagisa: "Coming!"
Nagisa: "Hm? What's up?"
Kaori: "U-Um..."
I feel so relieved when I see Senpai's face that I almost want to cry.
Nagisa: "Sawai, is something wrong...?"
Oh, no... I don't want to worry her. Senpai's really busy. I can't bother her with something as trivial as someone spamming me with silent calls. I force myself to smile.
Kaori: "You...left this in my room."
Nagisa: "Huh? Oh, I forgot my phone!"
Senpai smiles and takes the phone from my hand.
Nagisa: "Thanks for coming all the way down. This doubles as my alarm, so I was almost late for work tomorrow!"
...Huh? If she uses it to organize her work and as an alarm, would she really not notice that she'd left it in my room? Oh, but she's been doing all day shifts since going down to the surgical ward, so she might not have much to organize.
Kaori: "Well, sorry for coming down so late. Good night!"
I bow my head.
Nagisa: "All right. Niiight."
Senpai waves at me.
Nagisa: "Sawai, remember to turn on your phone, all right?"
Kaori: "Sure thing."
I pick my phone up from the floor and move to turn it on, but I stop.
Kaori: "......"
Hmmm...I'm not sure if I want to turn it on or not... I don't want to deal with more of those silent calls.
Kaori: "Oh, I know! I should just set my phone to silent!"
After thinking on it for a while, I set my phone to silent mode and decide to sleep for the night.               I had a dream.        A dream had I've for years upon years. A girl appears in front of me.
Kaori: ".....?"
???: "What are you doing here?"
Kaori: "......?"
I've heard this girl's voice before. But...who is she...? As I wrack my brains to remember, she continues.
???: "Didn't you want to be an excellent nurse?"
Kaori: "Huh...?"
Her voice is low on emotion, but she's definitely accusing me of something.
???: "Your ideal is so close by...and what are you doing?"
My ideal is close by...? And what does she mean, ‘what am I doing’?
Kaori: "Wh-Why do I have to take this from you?!"
I reflexively argue back. But.
???: "Because of what you're doing. No, because of what you're NOT doing, that's the problem. All you do is talk, you don't even try to look at reality."
Kaori: "Wh-What's with you?! I'm doing my best! Things just don't work out sometimes!"
???: "You're just looking at the results. But ask yourself about the process: Are you really doing your best? Can you really say that to yourself?"
Kaori: "I...I..."
I'm doing my best....Am I really? Am I not just making trouble for my coworkers and the assistants by chasing after Senpai's shadow? I mean, the Chief said that if I don't do something about my attitude, she wouldn't want me in the ward anymore. The girl's cold eyes pierce through me.
???: "What is it you want to do? Explain it to me in a way I can understand."
I don't know either. Why do I need to explain it to you?
Kaori: "What do I...? I...I don't know, either..."
Suddenly, I find myself flashing back to all sorts of scenes. Studying with my classmates in nursing school. Laughing with Senpai back in high school. Getting yelled at by the Chief and crying. I probably didn't face my work seriously. But there's one thing I can hold my head up high and say.
Kaori: "But I've always taken life seriously and tried to live each day to its fullest!"
Saying that alone will probably make people laugh at me. But even so...no, precisely because of that...
Kaori: "The way I try to live each moment to the fullest...that has to be a plus as a nurse!"
Kaori: "I'm no good as a nurse, that's true, but I've lived to the fullest up until now...and I'll keep living to the fullest!"
???: "......"
Kaori: "Why do I have to tell you?"
Kaori: "My life is my own. You don't have anything to do with it -- I don't want to hear anything from you!"
???: "You...really don't understand a thing..."
With that, she vanishes from my sight.
Kaori: "Huh...?!"
I'm left alone, standing in the darkness.
Kaori: "Nn...mm...?"
I see the familiar outline of a room come into vision. I'm in...my room, aren't I? I slowly pick myself up and look around.
Kaori: "......"
My mind wanders to the girl from my dream.      "What is it you want to do?       Explain it to me in a way I can understand."
I hold the alarm in my hands tight. What in the world was that dream...?
====================scr00802.kgo====================
Sayuri: "...*Sigh* I'm sorry, but could you call a real nurse?"
Augh! Why does she have to be so mean the moment I step into her room?!
Kaori: "I told you, Yamanouchi is busy with other work right now, so I can at least handle changing your IV..."
Sayuri: "Ah, right, right. This hospital is hurting for help, definitely."
Sayuri: "You're going to wear me out with all of your excuses, so could you change my bottle and leave? Sooner, rather than later?"
Urgh... If you don't want me to make excuses, don't force me to! I quickly change her drip bottle and bow my head.
Kaori: "Sorry for the commotion. I'll be leaving..."
Sayuri: "...*Sigh* Next time I enter a hospital, I'll have to look into the quality of the nurses to save myself the stress..."
Miss Sakai's quip stabs at me before the door closes.
Kaori: "......"
I'm battered, bruised, and beaten down. But...this is no time to be feeling sorry for myself. Yamanouchi seems really busy with other work today, so I've got to do the best I can! All to get closer to the day I get to work with Senpai again!
Hatsumi: "Oh, Sawai, how was Miss Sakai?"
Kaori: "The same as usual."
Hatsumi: "I see..."
Oof, the Chief has an awkward expression on. I must have gotten across just how much Miss Sakai complained...right?
Kaori: "Hwah?!"
The Chief quickly slams the alarm on her desk off.
Kaori: "Ch-Chief...what's that alarm for?"
Hatsumi: "Mr. Kato from room 303's tages. Yamanouchi can't move right now, so can I ask you to do it? We only need 2 ml..."
Kaori: "Tages?"
When I ask that with a curious look, the Chief furrows her brows unpleasantly. Oh no, did I tick her off?!
Hatsumi: "...Tages refers to daily blood sugar checks, as I'm sure you remember."
Hatsumi: "We take the patient's blood seven times, before and after meals in the morning, afternoon, and evening, as well as before bed."
Hatsumi: "It forms the basis of assessing the patient's diabetes, and we use it to observe the effects of their treatment. Got it? Now get going."
Kaori: "G-Got it! I'm off!"
I pick up the tray of necessary equipment that Yamanouchi had prepared and hurry out of the nurses station. If this is a blood sugar test, that means Mr. Kato has diabetes, right? I'll give his medical record a look-over later!
Kaori: "Sorry for the wait. Mr. Kato, may I take a blood sample?"
Kato: "Oh, my 2 PM one? Sure, go right ahead."
Kaori: "Er, all right, can you hold out your arm, then?"
Kato: "I had my right arm tested last time, so you'll get my left this time."
Kaori: "Sure!"
I go around to his left side and put the tourniquet on his left upper arm. All right, I have a clear view of his veins. I pull off the bandage from today's previous blood sample and prepare my needle. Blood sampling isn't my strong suit, but I can't let him see that on my face. I don't want to worry him, so I maintain a smile...
Kaori: "Well, here goes."
Kato: "Y-Yeah..."
Mr. Kato turns his face away and shudders. Looks like this grown man is afraid of getting his blood drawn. Even though it's only a mere two milliliters. All right, so the best place to draw blood from is the middle vein in the elbow joint... So I've got to disinfect it with alcohol first... My heart starts to race. I inject the needle.
Kaori: "Here goes!"
Kato: "Whoa!"
Wait, what? There's...no blood? Did I miss his blood vessel...? I move the needle's tip...just a little bit...
Kato: "Ow!"
Mr. Kato hops up in his bed.
Kaori: "Ahh! S-Sorry!"
I quickly pull the needle out. And when I do! Blood starts to pour out.
Kato: "Uwahh?! I'm...I'm bleeding...!"
Kaori: "Eeep! There's so much blood!"
Blood drips out from Mr. Kato's arm, and the area around where I inserted the needle is swollen in a bluish-black color.
Kato: "What're you wailing about blood for?! You're the nurse here!"
Kaori: "I-I-I'm n-n-not wailing about anything!"
???: "Calm down! You're not supposed to panic!"
Getting chastised brings me back to my senses. A hand reaches out from the side and pulls the tourniquet off of Mr. Kato's arm. I look up to see that the Chief is holding down the thrashing Mr. Kato.
Hatsumi: "Sawai, apply pressure to the wound, now!"
Kaori: "O-Oh, right away!"
I push a thick alcohol swab onto where I'd injected Mr. Kato. The Chief seals it in place with tape, then quickly wipes down the blood with another alcohol swab.
Hatsumi: "Deepest apologies, Mr. Kato. This should leave a bit of swelling, but you don't need to worry -- it will go down in about a week."
Hatsumi: "Sawai, you apologize, too."
Kaori: "I-I'm very sorry!"
I look at Mr. Kato while fighting back tears. After a bit of an awkward expression, Kato turns away.
Kato: "...It's fine. The swelling'll heal, so I don't mind..."
Hatsumi: "Don't hesitate to call if the pain lingers. Sawai, bring some alcohol swabs."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Hatsumi: "Alcohol swabs, hurry!"
Kaori: "Oh, coming!"
I rush back to the nurses station, grab some alcohol swabs, and come back to the patients' room.
Kaori: "I brought them back!"
Hatsumi: "Watch closely, Sawai. This is how you draw blood."
She wraps tape around the inner side of his elbow joint, and wraps a tourniquet around the upper part of his forearm. She then sticks her needle into the bloated blood vessel, takes off the tourniquet, and holds the alcohol swab over the hole as she pulls the syringe out... Wait, it's over already?! She pulls it off so quickly that I just stand there, mouth agape.
Kato: "'Fast as ever, Chief. You can get a lot better at this if you work at it, too, miss."
Kato speaks out of consideration for me. But...
Kaori: "I'll do my best..."
His kindness hurts, instead. I almost wish he insulted me, instead.
Yasuko: "Welcome back! How'd the blood samplin' go?"
Kaori: "I...um. I blew it..."
Yasuko: "Come again? Wasn't it just 2 ml?"
Kaori: "Yeah..."
Yasuko: "...Heavens to Betsy..."
Kaori: "......"
Yamanouchi is blown away, too. And she should be. Who would mess up drawing such a tiny amount of blood?
Yasuko: "Well, do yer best. Get some image trainin' in and practice. That's 'bout all I can say."
Kaori: "I will..."
...How depressing. My lack of ability is no one's fault but my own, but it's hard to accept myself... I know I should take things step by step, but...it's just so depressing......Though I'm back in my room... It's still evening. I sent Senpai a text a while ago, but she hasn't responded yet. She must be on the clock right now. I remember she told me that when there's an operation, the whole ward revolves around it...and I did happen to overhear that there'd be a big operation starting in the afternoon while I was in the outpatient ward today. So she'll probably be late tonight...
Kaori: "......"
I absently stare out the window. It's still light out.
Kaori: "Maybe I should...go out..."
Kaori: "I...I sure bought a lot..."
I'd wandered to the station, bought a ticket, and followed the flow of people all the way to Kanakura Station. Then, when I wandered around down, I came across a big bookstore! This might just be God telling me to study! ...I don't know if there is a God, but if I'm going to study, then it's got to be now! Mr. Kato's strained smile floats up in my mind again, with how he didn't get angry at me when I failed to draw his blood. Yeah...if I hadn't blown it with that blood sample, Mr. Kato would've kept his smile. And Yamanouchi...well, she was a little stunned, but she didn't yell at me -- she told me to keep at it. I know she'll watch me grow! ...Ahh, I've got to study! So I browsed the medical texts bookshelf, and before I knew it...
Kaori: "Hmm...how am I going to bring all of this back home?"
Just bringing the books back to the station has left my palms red... I'm so dumb, I should have just used the store's delivery service... But this is fine! This is totally okay! Bringing them home like this means I can read them as soon as I get back! And I've really got to study. I can't always depend on Yamanouchi and the Chief! Senpai's doing her best down in the surgical ward, so I've got to work even harder and catch up to her as fast as I can! I step out of Yurigahama Station and stumble towards my dorm. Ahh, my arms feel like they're going to fall off! Then, I notice the dim light of the convenience store...
Kaori: "......"
I look at the books in my arms, then at the store. Senpai, I really am a big dummy... Even though I'd already had ridiculously heavy books in my hands, I stopped by the store to buy your favorite beer. I'm almost in tears over my own foolishness...or rather, my spirit in the face of adversity? Yeah, let's go with that. Maybe I'm like a newlywed wife, like you said. I've chilled your favorite beer! Eheheh. Unfortunately, I couldn't manage to bring over any snacks...
Kaori: "......"
Then, the thought hits me. Shouldn't I have just put these books down in my room, then gone out to the store? ...... You know what, this is fine. All of these books and Senpai's beer. They're incredibly heavy, and my arms feel like they're going to break. But it's totally fine! My heart is really light! I manage to stumble my way back to the dorm! After just a little bit more...I'll make it to the elevator...!
???: "What's up, Sawai? Why the huge load?"
Kaori: "Huh...? S-Senpai?!"
I look up to see Senpai right in front of me.
Kaori: "Huh? Wait, Senpai, are you on your way home?"
Senpai seems tired, because she doesn't have on her usual smile.
Nagisa: "Well, I'm pretty new in the ward. Even if I stay back for overtime, it's all stuff I don't know."
Ohhh. Senpai may be Senpai, but she's still a new staff member in her ward. I wonder if she's kind of like me?
Kaori: "Ohh...yeah, transfers must be pretty tough."
Nagisa: "More or less...so how're you doing?"
Kaori: "Oh, I'm doing fine. Yamanouchi is really kind when it comes to teaching me stuff...but I'm more worried about you, Senpai."
Nagisa: "...A newbie is worried about me..."
Oof. Well, I may be a newbie, but... If someone as considerate as Senpai is saying something so hurtful, work in the surgical ward must be awfully rough...
Kaori: "......"
Nagisa: "......"
Our conversation stalls. Senpai must be exhausted To be honest, I want to invite her to my room, but...I should pass and let her rest easy tonight. For Senpai's sake.
Nagisa: "Well, see you."
Kaori: "O-Oh, see you. Rest up, okay?"
But when I see her turn her back to me like that...well, it hurts a little. She silently gets onto the elevator and silently gets off it. When it reaches the fourth floor, I step off, too.
Kaori: "Oh..."
I glance at my hands and feel a rush of disappointment. I should have handed her the beer I bought for her when I had the chance...
Kaori: "Hm?"
I pick up the phone I put on my bed.
Kaori: "I wonder if it's Senpai?"
Unfortunately, there's an email address I don't recognize on the screen. I wonder if it's some spam? There's no title, though. That's odd. I suspiciously open the email.         "I'm always watching you."
Kaori: "...What the..."
That's all the message says. The lifeless words are incredibly unsettling.
Kaori: "Hyah?!"
The phone suddenly rings in my hand. Another email. The address is the same as this one. It's one I don't recognize at all. And there's no title, either. This isn't something I want to open. I shouldn't read it. Part of my heart rings those alarm bells, but I open it anyway. An unfamiliar email address. No title. And the email itself...                 "Alcoholic."
Kaori: "Huh?"
             "You can't escape."
            "I'm always watching you."
The messages come one after another. And they're all from the same email address.
Kaori: "......!"
I unconsciously push the call button. After hearing the phone picked up, a soft voice embraces me.
Nagisa: "Sawai? It's really late, is everything all right...?"
I feel so relieved at that tranquil voice that tears well up.
Kaori: "S-Senpai! Senpai, I need your help!"
Nagisa: "Wh-What happened?!"
I hurry to open the door.
Nagisa: "Sawai? Are you all right?!"
Senpai runs through the door, and I fling my arms around her.
Kaori: "Senpai, I'm so sorry! I know you're tired, but I don't have anyone else I can turn to!"
Nagisa: "Oh, don't worry about that, really! So what happened?"
Senpai gently wipes the tears caking my cheeks.
Kaori: "I got these gross messages on my phone. Someone's..."
Her gentle fingers make me feel relief from the bottom of my heart...
Kaori: "S-Someone's watching me...th-they said I couldn't run away... Wahhh!"
Nagisa: "It's all right, everything's going to be all right. Don't worry, I'm here with you!"
She reassures me again and again, like she's chanting a spell. She pats my back like she would an infant's and calms me down.
Nagisa: "Don't worry, I'll protect you! No one's going to get you, so don't cry like that, all right?"
Kaori: "Senpai..."
Nagisa: "...Have you calmed down a little?"
She's looking at me with a gentle smile. Embarrassment slams into me.
Kaori: "I...oh, this is so embarrassing, I just lost it..."
There's a stain from my tears on Senpai's shoulder...! I hurry to wipe it off with my pajama sleeve, but it won't go away.
Kaori: "I'm really sorry! I can't believe I messed up your clothes...!"
Nagisa: "Hey, don't worry about it. It'll just dry off, okay?"
When I see Senpai's smile, I finally calm down.
Nagisa: "Phew...glad you're smiling again."
Kaori: "...I'm really sorry. I know you're so tired, too..."
Nagisa: "...You've been apologizing this whole time. Though, I'm pretty glad you turned to me."
Kaori: "But, Senpai, you just got back from work and you're exhausted, but I'm just...depending on you again like this..."
Senpai slowly shakes her head.
Nagisa: "I'd do this for you without a second thought, Sawai. Whenever you want to be taken care of, you can always turn to me, you know?"
Her gentle smile and soothing words slowly put my frightened heart in order.
Kaori: "Really...?"
Nagisa: "Of course!"
Kaori: "Then...Senpai..."
Nagisa: "Hm?"
I know Senpai's exhausted, being in a new environment and getting used to all sorts of things. But...
Kaori: "Will you...stay with me until morning?"
I'm so selfish... But if Senpai will accept me... Well. I was going to back off if she looked even a little hesitant. But... She just smiles...
Nagisa: "Fine, fine. Your bed's pretty small, but I'll sleep with you tonight."
Kaori: "Y-You will?!"
Nagisa: "Why do you look so surprised? You're the one who brought it up -- you're not going to back out, are you?"
Kaori: "B-But...it's not making trouble for you, is it...?"
Nagisa: "If it was, I'd tell you from the start. You know what I'm like, don't you?"
She spoils me with a gentle smile. The way she beams hasn't changed since high school.
Kaori: "Senpai...!"
Overcome with emotion, I throw my arms around her. I dive into her with such force that she staggers back a little.
Nagisa: "Oh, Sawai!"
She giggles with a mischievous grin.
Nagisa: "If you're going to push me down, do it in bed."
I can't help giggling, either.
Nagisa: "There we go. Your smiles suit you best, Sawai."
She beams right back at me. I really do love Senpai! I lend Senpai one of my t-shirts to wear for pajamas, and we both snuggle into my bed. It's...small. I can feel Senpai's warmth right next to me. If I reach my hand out...no, I don't even need to touch her. That's how close Senpai is to me right now. Close enough to feel her breath, close enough for our bare feet to touch, Senpai is smiling at me.
Kaori: "...Hey, Senpai...I'm...kind of scared..."
I fidget around as I bring myself closer to her.
Kaori: "...I'm really worried. I'm wondering if I did something to make someone have a grudge against me..."
Nagisa: "Hey, there's nothing to worry about. You're not the kind of person people would have it out for. And I guarantee it!"
Kaori: "But..."
Nagisa: "Hey, let's not worry about it anymore, all right? I'll be with you. And I'll always protect you, so...relax?"
Kaori: "Senpai..."
Nagisa: "......"
Kaori: "Huh...?"
A gentle sensation at my forehead. Wait...is this...?
Nagisa: "*Giggle* This spell really works, believe me."
Kaori: "Spell...?"
A...a spell...?
Nagisa: "It'll wipe your fears away and make you sleep well."
She grins mischievously.
Kaori: "S-Senpai..."
M-My face is...really hot... I don't need to look in a mirror to tell that my face is really red... My cheeks heat up, and my heart begins to race. It's so loud that Senpai might just hear it.
Nagisa: "*Giggle* Did I just make it harder to sleep?"
As she laughs, I hug her tight.
Kaori: "It was the best spell I could ask for."
Nagisa: "Glad to hear it. And you can sleep, don't worry -- I'll be right here. I'll protect you, Sawai, no matter what."
Hearing Senpai's reassuring words and being wrapped by her gentle arms, I fall into a warm slumber...               ...There it is again.              I'm having that dream again. That same girl is standing in front of me. She's staring at me, her face neutral...
???: "Why are you running away again?"
Kaori: "Running...?"
Who? ...Me?
???: "You mustn't run away. That won't solve anything."
Kaori: "......"
I think about it. But no matter how much I think, I can't see what the girl means.
Kaori: "Why are you saying that?"
???: "You mustn't run away. The truth isn't only what you can see."
The girl ignores my question and keeps saying more or less the same thing.
???: "You can't run away. What you see isn't all you can believe in. Sometimes, the truth is what you can't see."
...What does she mean?
Kaori: "I only believe what I see!"
???: "There are things you can see, and truths you can't....You should figure that out, fast."
The girl lets out a forlorn smile. Her condescending words and that expression really irk me...!
Kaori: "I don't understand a word you're saying!"
I sound a lot harsher than I mean to.
Kaori: "I only believe what I see! That's what I've always done, and that's what I'll always do!"
The girl is just staring at me. With pitying eyes.
???: "Running away won't solve anything. Walls are meant to be overcome."
I have no idea what she means. What can I say to get through to her? I'm not running away. I don't have any walls!
Kaori: "I'm not running away!"
I find myself shouting. The girl just looks at me with quiet eyes. So I say it again.
Kaori: "I'm not running away from anything, and I'm not going to run away!"
She just lets out a sad chuckle.
???: "...Don't you get it?"
Kaori: "...Get...what...?"
???: "...You running away like that is just going to corner her. Make her miserable."
Kaori: "I don't have any walls!"
I find myself shouting. The girl just looks at me with pitying eyes. So I say it again.
Kaori: "If this situation is a wall, then I'll just overcome it! That's what I've always done!"
The girl giggles.
???: "...All right, if that's what you think."
Leaving those cryptic words behind, the girl vanishes. Without letting me say anything. Without either of us understanding each other.
Nagisa: "*Giggle* You look so cute when you're sleeping..."
====================scr00803.kgo====================
When I'm gathering information in the nurses station before morning reports, Yamanouchi slips right up to me.
Yasuko: "I sssawwww youuu!"
Kaori: "Wh-What's with you...?"
When I see that creepy smile, I step back a bit.
Yasuko: "Comin' to work with Fujisawa, hah! Ya got a lotta guts, newbie. Have a lot of fun last night?!"
Kaori: "......!"
My face erupts.
Yasuko: "Bless your heart, that reaction's just adorable!"
Kaori: "F-Fun...?! N-Not really, we were just together until morning, and..."
I go beet red and quickly lower my face, trying to get the documents at my hands together. I'm too shaken, however, and I drop the notes in my hand.
Kaori: "Eep!"
Ahh, why am I so dumb?!
Yasuko: "Whoa-hoh! Look at you, goin' all crazy -- adorably naive! Y'know, I used to be like that, way back...ain't that right, Chief?"
Yamanouchi passes the conversation to the Chief. I gulp and timidly look up at her. Our eyes meet for a moment, but the Chief looks away as if nothing had happened.
Hatsumi: "That's enough chatting, everyone. It's time for reports. Good morning."
Yasuko: "Gooood morning!"
Kaori: "W-Wait...?!"
But I'm not ready yet! Yamanouchi's just joining in on the reports like nothing happened! And as the Chief turns her harsh eyes on me, I quickly prepare to take notes.
Hatsumi: "All right, let's hear your reports."
I've got to pull it together! Today, I'm going to do my best! I pump myself up and listen to the night shift nurses' reports. Finally, lunchtime! I eat the handmade lunch I made with Senpai this morning. This is just the best! When we made this lunch together, I realized just how good Senpai is at cooking. I was just...there. All I did was hand her ingredients, and she made most of the lunch. And when I think of that...
Kaori: "...Senpai's handmade lunch...*giggle*..."
I grin a little bit. And when I grin, I realize... I've eaten most of it! This is Senpai's handmade lunch! I should have taken more time to taste it...!
???: "...Are you practicing expressions for a stageplay, or something?"
Kaori: "!!"
I look up to see the Chief, delivery lunch box in hand, standing in exasperation.
Kaori: "Ch-Chief...are you on lunch, too?"
Our lunch breaks are held in shifts of forty five minutes. The people on the second half of the break go in after the people from the first half come out, and I thought today's first half was Yamanouchi and myself...
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi said she couldn't come on first break, and there's no reason to extend break time, is there?"
Kaori: "......"
As she sits in front of me and starts eating, I quietly turn my eyes away from her. I felt really close to the Chief before Senpai went off to the surgical ward, but after she left, I've felt distance between us......Though I'm at fault for spacing out and not actually doing my job. But I'm going to set it all right! I'm going to do my best from here on out! I wonder if I do that, that...the Chief will talk to me as normal? Instead of yelling at me?
Hatsumi: "...I don't intend on talking about your private business, but..."
My heart leaps when she comes out of nowhere and says that. I look up to see that her eyes are right on me.
Hatsumi: "You can pursue all the workplace romance you want, but...leave it for when you can call yourself a nurse."
Kaori: "......!"
It feels like someone's dumped a bucket of ice water on top of me.
Hatsumi: "...Excuse me."
The Chief has already finished her meal, and after packing up her box, she starts to leave the break room. That was too fast...!
Hatsumi: "I've got work to get back to, but I don't want you to leave until you've rested for all of break time."
Then, without turning back to face me, she leaves the break room.
Kaori: "......"
"You can pursue all the workplace romance you want, but...leave it for when you can call yourself a nurse."
I can't get those words out of my head. I get it. I think the Chief is right. I'm still a novice nurse...but there I was, filling my head with love and neglecting my work. Of course she'd say that to me....But. Even if my mind understands it...it's still a huge shock. I look down at my lunch box on my lap....The lunch Senpai made for me. I felt so warm inside just a while ago, but now I feel as cold as can be...
Kaori: "...I've got to eat."
I don't know how it tastes, but I can't leave any of it uneaten. My beloved Senpai made it just for me. I've got to eat it...I've got to taste it...
Kaori: "......"
H-Huh? ...Why am I tearing up? But I've got to work hard... I've got to do my best... But...I can cry a little now, right...? When no one's looking...and when I won't worry Senpai...
Sayuri: "Come in."
Kaori: "Sorry for the wait."
Miss Sakai is staring out the open window from her bed.
Kaori: "I'll go ahead and swap your IV bottles..."
Sayuri: "......"
No answer.
Sayuri: "Miss Sawai, are you close with her?"
Kaori: "‘Her’?"
I look at Miss Sakai, not sure who she's referring to.
Sayuri: "Fujisawa, the one who went to the surgical ward....I hear you two came to work together this morning."
That clues me in that she's talking about Senpai.
Kaori: "Oh, Sen...Fujisawa? She's my senpai from my high school days, and...wait, why are you asking that?"
Sayuri: "......"
All I did was ask a question, but she falls silent and looks away.
Kaori: "Is something wrong...?"
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai just silently watches the sea....... She always ignores what I say, so I quietly switch her IV bottle and adjust the drip speed.
Sayuri: "...I hate her."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Wait, is she talking about Senpai...?
Sayuri: "Because she doesn't do what she's capable of."
I stop working when I hear that and look at her.
Sayuri: "She just makes excuses for what she can't do, and she doesn't even try to do what she probably can. She goes against what a nurse should be."
Harsh words. I start to quiver and go cold, as if she were talking about me. But this is no time to be reeling in shock....I've got to say something!
Kaori: "B-But, Senpai's a really good person!"
Sayuri: "...Are you stupid?"
Kaori: "Huh...?"
Sayuri: "This is your workplace, isn't it? And you know how it works: We patients pay you, and you work for us."
Sayuri: "Whether she's a good person or not means nothing. The problem is if she can provide 100\% of the services we patients desire."
Sayuri: "And I'm saying she's completely out of the question in that regard."
Kaori: "......"
She probably has a point. We tend to think that all we need to do is the work we're ordered to, and there's a lot of work that's actually like that. But the patients can't actually be satisfied by us only fulfilling our basic assigned duties. I mean, I know with my head that our patients want medical "service"
from us. That includes medical knowledge, skill in blood sampling and injections, communication skills, the managerial skill to keep them comfortable while they stay in the hospital... Their requests are varied and broad. But...at the very least, I know I can't give service at our patients' bedsides that they'll be 100\% satisfied with...
Sayuri: "When it comes to providing service, I can't respect you at all. Not you, who just stands there, and not that woman who went off to the surgical ward, either."
Sayuri: "...Though I didn't think you were a real nurse to begin with."
Kaori: "......"
Miss Sakai's words are terribly cold. They're very cold, but they're also right. Nursing may be a specialized, technical job, but it's also a service job. And if I'm not at a satisfactory level in technique or service, of course I'm going to get chewed out.
Sayuri: "...Could you leave if you're done? You're in the way."
Kaori: "O-Oh, right...I'll be going, then..."
Miss Sakai is right. She's right, but...that's what makes it so depressing... What an exhausting day. I drop into bed without even changing. I really just want to fall asleep right now, but I think back to what Miss Sakai told me.   "This is your workplace, isn't it?    And you know how it works: We patients pay you,    and you work for us."
 "Whether she's a good person or not means nothing.   The problem is if she can provide 100\% of the services   we patients desire."
...I feel so down. I don't think she could hit me with a better pinpointed criticism. I start to tear up....But. I squirm up from my bed. I've graduated and gotten my license, but all I've done is stand on the starting line. I've got to thank Miss Sakai for making me realize that. All right, time to study! I may lack experience, but I can at least hammer knowledge about our patients' diseases into my head!
Kaori: "Huh? Senpai?"
Senpai's name is displayed on the screen.
Kaori: "H-Hello?"
Nagisa: "Oh, Sawai? I'm about to get off work. Mind if I come over?"
Kaori: "Senpai..."
Nagisa: "I'm in the changing room right now,  but let me know if you want me to buy anything."
Kaori: "U-Um..."
I hesitate to answer for a moment. Drinking with Senpai is always really fun. We chat all night and eat snacks...and if we slept together again, I'd love that. But...
Kaori: "I'm thinking of studying for today....Sorry."
My voice might have seemed a little sad, because Senpai sounds worried.
Nagisa: "Sawai? Is something wrong? Did something happen?"
After hesitating a little, I decide to tell her.
Kaori: "Well...today, Miss Sakai said she couldn't respect me as a nurse."
Nagisa: "Miss Sakai?"
Kaori: "She said it doesn't matter if someone's a good person or not, that they should work well enough to earn their pay...so I'm a little worried."
Kaori: "Until now, I thought I could make up for my lack of knowledge and experience by working really hard in my interactions with patients, but..."
Nagisa: "Yeah, I think that's fine to start out with."
Kaori: "But it's not like our patients come to the hospital to be soothed..."
Kaori: "I think Miss Sakai's right. The patients aren't hoping their nurses are ‘good people.’"
Kaori: "They want their nurses to be real nurses...though, that's pretty obvious, isn't it?"
Kaori: "And I just didn't understand that... I really blew it as a nurse, huh?"
Nagisa: "Well, yeah, but...Sawai, you may be a nurse, but you're still a normal girl on the inside, you know?"
Nagisa: "Sometimes you want to rest, or play, or fall in love...isn't that just normal?"
Kaori: "But...right now, I'm not even half a real nurse at work..."
Kaori: "I can't even take a blood sample by myself. It's like I'm just some phony in a white uniform with a license."
Nagisa: "...Phony...?"
Kaori: "...If being a real nurse is still far away, I want to at least get halfway there..."
Nagisa: "...All right. I get it."
Kaori: "Senpai... I'm sorry, I'll just..."
...Senpai understood... She really is the Senpai I know. Now, that said! I've got to work hard at my studies and be able to work with Senpai as soon as I can!
Kaori: "...Hm?"
Huh? I'd fallen asleep? I wake up, finding myself sprawled out on my desk....Urgh, my body aches all over. I look at the clock to see that it's already past midnight. Hm? Was that my phone? The screen says "Unknown Number".
Kaori: "......"
Again...? A call from an unknown number this late at night? Nope, I'm going to ignore it! Now I've got a message....... It might just be from Senpai... Maybe I'll take a quick look at it... When I reach out to the phone, it chirps again with another message. I open it up and take a look at the inbox.         "I'm always watching you."
I gasp at the text.                 "Alcoholic."
         "You're not getting away."
             "I won't let you."
Unlike the emails with no titles, this one I can tell from the title what waits for me inside. This is something I shouldn't see. It's something I mustn't look at. I impulsively throw my phone away. This is terrifying...! This is just too scary! Why...?! What is going on?! What did I do to deserve this?! I want to turn off my phone, but I feel like I'm bound by something and can't move. I don't know who's doing this, or why. But does someone have it in for me? Does someone hate me enough to want to kill me? Is it him...?! No, it probably isn't him. It's probably someone I don't know. The fear of not knowing who you're dealing with sinks in. An incomprehensible black shadow tries to pull me into itself. Someone, save me! ...Someone, help me! I scream, but no sound comes out. There are eyes out there -- eyes I can't see, and they're terrifying. The hostility is terrifying. I don't want to see this anymore! I reach out to turn off my phone, but when I see the title of the other message, I stop. I pick up the phone and open the email. The title line says "Hang in there!". And the message says... "Studying hard? Hey, try to make sure you don't wear yourself out! Sleep tight, and let's chat again sometime!"
It's Senpai's message, filled with cute emojis.
Kaori: "*Sniff*..."
I finally make a sound. My voice pours out from the back of my throat.
Kaori: "...pai... S-Senpai...!"
I want her to say it'll all be all right. I want her to say that she'll be by my side, that it'll be all right. I want her to touch me with those gentle hands. Senpai... Senpai!
Kaori: "*Sniff*... Ahh...wahhh!!"
I hold onto my phone tight and keep on crying....It's that dream again... And the usual girl is in front of me.
???: "Why are you crying?"
Kaori: "Huh...?"
I put my hand to my cheek to feel wet tears. I...I was crying...
???: "Why are you crying?"
The girl reaches out to my cheek. Her cold hand gently touches me. Because you're so kind... Because I can't show the person I love who I am.
Kaori: "Because you're so kind..."
I manage to put on a smile. Because I can't worry a girl this young....Yeah...I'm no good.
Kaori: "...I've just...failed so much, in all sorts of ways."
???: "......"
The girl listens to me, her face neutral.
Kaori: "I have the job I've always wanted, but I have no idea what to do until someone points it out..."
Kaori: "...It's just so depressing, thinking about how much I blow it..."
Kaori: "Because I can't show the person I love who I am."
???: "......"
The girl listens to me, her face neutral. I'm a little sad that she won't react, but I'm glad that I have someone to listen to me.
Kaori: "...You see, there's someone I love."
Kaori: "I've always looked up to her, and when I thought I finally caught up to her, she got taken away again...and I was just so depressed about it. I missed her so much, and I kept sulking..."
Kaori: "But I decided to stand up and do my best. Though...I did make a lot of trouble for people before I made up my mind on that."
Kaori: "But I still mess up so much, and I get really depressed every time..."
Kaori: "And when I think about what a mess I am and how I don't deserve to be with Senpai, I get even more depressed..."
Kaori: "...And even though I want her to be by my side, I just...I can't say it..."
???: "......"
Not emoting in any way, the girl just keeps on looking up at me.
???: "It's your life. You should just live as you want."
When I look down to her in curiosity, she's already gone...
====================scr00804.kgo====================
I feel like I wasn't half bad on the job today. Yamanouchi complimented me, and the Chief didn't scold me! Miss Sakai complained at me again, but then again, that's nothing new for her.
Kaori: "I can do it if I really try!"
I pull a book out of my bag. It's an old book on pathophysiology that the Chief commanded me to study up on. It has plenty of illustrations, so I think I can handle it... And what's even better, it looks like the Chief had studied this book a lot back in the day, because it's got the important sections underlined and notes in the margins. I've got to read through it quickly and send it back to the Chief! Now, the book's a little heavy, so I didn't have the energy in me to stop by the store on the way. That's why I'm heading for the store now. Because if I get lazy and hang out, I'm not going to have any dinner tonight or breakfast tomorrow. Urgh...I really should have some emergency food around the house for situations like these.
Kaori: "Ah! S-Senpai!"
When I get down to the ground floor, I notice Senpai coming back from work. It may be because of the lighting, but Senpai's face looks pale. I wonder if she's tired?
Kaori: "Senpai, you're surprisingly early today. Was there no operation today?"
Nagisa: "......"
Senpai shoots me a harsh look when I speak to her. Huh...? Without saying a word to me, Senpai steps into the elevator. Er... Did I say something to deserve that glare...? I just said she was home early today...right? I didn't say anything I shouldn't have, right? Anxiety starts to creep into my heart...
Kaori: "Did I say something to annoy Senpai...?"
Hmmm... For a moment, I want to chase after her, but...she seemed really exhausted, and that ship has kind of sailed... I'll just give her a call or a text later. Yeah. After mulling over what to do for a bit, I settle on going to the store as planned. Oh, my phone!
Kaori: "!"
I instantly regret popping open my phone. "You should just die."
Something creeps up from my feet. Red, warm blood, gushing freely. My fingers suddenly grow cold.           "Kaori..."
Someone is calling me. I might end up like her -- dead and covered in blood. Covered in...in blood...
Kaori: "Nooooo!!"
My body dashes. I see a tiny light in front of me. I have to get into it! I have to go into the light!
Kaori: "Eep?!"
Man: "Ow!"
Someone's in front of me. It's a man.
Man: "Hey, watch where you're...whoa. You look real pale -- you okay?"
The man reaches over to me. His face contorts. My shoulder is grabbed. I'm going to be a bloody mess, just like her!
Kaori: "Ahhhhhh!"
???: "Here you go. It's hot, so be careful with it."
Huh...? A soft, quiet voice. Where am I...?
Kaori: "......?"
I feel something warm in my hand. And pick up the scent of honeyed milk. I'm holding a mug in both hands. It's my favorite mug.
Hatsumi: "Are you all right?"
Kaori: "Ch-Chief...?"
The Chief's face is the first thing I see. She looks worried.
Kaori: "Why...? Where am I...? Is this my room?"
The Chief has a gentle smile on. She has her warm hands wrapped around mine, making sure I don't drop my mug.
Hatsumi: "One of the workers at the store contacted the hospital. They said you were panicking in the storefront."
Kaori: "The store...?"
Hatsumi: "The hospital then called me, and...well, I wasn't quite sure what to make of it, but I went to the store anyway and found you bawling near the magazine rack."
Hatsumi: "The cashier there recognized you. It's a really good thing he took care of you quickly..."
Kaori: "...I'm so sorry. I made so much trouble for you, and so late..."
Hatsumi: "You really did."
I remember being at the store, but those memories are on the other side of some kind of filter and still vague. They don't feel...real.
Hatsumi: "Well, drink up. It will calm you down."
Such a...kindly voice. I drop my eyes to the warm cup in my hands. Then, I put my lips to it. The sweet taste of honeyed milk fills my mouth.
Kaori: "......"
I really appreciate that the Chief is considerate enough not to ask me anything. I feel the warmth of my beverage and the Chief's comforting kindness heal my body and mind...
Hatsumi: "You have me with you today, so drink up and rest."
Kaori: "A-Are you sure...? I-I couldn't impose on you like..."
The Chief smiles a little when I say that.
Hatsumi: "You big silly. Imposing on seniors is simply what rookies do. You don't need to worry about a thing."
Hatsumi: "But in return, you're going to have to roll with the trouble the rookies give you when you're further down the road, all right?"
The Chief is always so strict, but she's boundlessly kind today. The contrast just fills me with joy.
Hatsumi: "Now off to sleep with you. You're tired, aren't you?"
With the Chief's voice guiding me, my eyelids grow heavy. I feel a soft hand at my forehead. Her gentle fingers stroke my hair. That pours a sense of comfort into me, and I feel more...at ease.
Hatsumi: "Drift off to sleep. You don't need to think about a thing..."
The Chief's voice grows quieter and farther away. I quietly descend deeper into the abyss of sleep.
Kaori: "Ah...?!"
I shoot my eyes open and lunge up. It's morning already?! I scramble to look at the clock. The hour hand is already past nine.
Kaori: "I-I'm going to be late...?!"
When I throw myself out of bed, a piece of paper flutters on my table. Huh? Wait, what happened to the Chief? I pick up the paper fluttering on my table. There's some very businesslike writing on it.        "Today will count as paid leave.         Take the day to rest and get back         to work tomorrow."
    "I'll leave a sandwich and coffee in the refrigerator.      Make sure to eat when you wake up."
The Chief wrote this, didn't she? And did she say paid leave...? Well, whatever the case, I've got to call the ward! I quickly pull out my phone and call the hospital. The receptionist transfers my call to the ward, but the Chief is absent, so Yamanouchi answers the phone.
Yasuko: "Yeah, yer off today, right? I already heard."
Yasuko: "I heard all about how ya went and headbutted an upstanding citizen in the stomach, then fell back over an' had the nerve to faint. Rest up and take care, y'hear?"
Urgh! She's laughing at me!
Yasuko: "We got an extra part timer in today, so things'll run just fine with you resting up! So ya don't need to worry about a thing."
Yasuko: "Anyway, rest up, y'hear?"
Kaori: "Th-Thank you..."
I hang up and close my phone....I'm still trying to grasp things, but it looks like I really am off today... Though I do kind of feel like rumors of what happened are just going to get weirder as they go through the game of telephone in the hospital... With the tension all gone, I plop down on my butt. I let myself lean against my bed and look up at the ceiling. *Sigh*... Since I've calmed down, focus starts returning to my mind. What in the world happened yesterday? I quietly put my hand to my chest and think. Men are scary. And yesterday was...especially bad. I just looked at a man up close. Why did I think he was going to kill me? What lead me to thinking I was going to be killed in the first place? ...The image of that accident? What was that? The accident I was in years ago? I don't remember it, but I guess my body does. My head aches. Then, that blood-covered girl appears in my mind. Who was she, anyway? Did I know any girls who died in a bloody mess like that? If I did, why don't I remember her? Ahh...why does my head hurt so much...? When I come to, I realize I must have dozed off a bit. It's already evening outside.
Kaori: "Who is it?"
???: "Got a delivery for you!"
Kaori: "...A delivery?"
I cock my head in curiosity and open the door.
Yasuko: "Yo! Doin' all right? I brought ya some dinner!"
Kaori: "Y-Yamanouchi?!"
Yasuko: "That said, I'll just go ahead and let myself in!"
Without listening to my answer, Yamanouchi strides into my room.
Kaori: "Er, umm...make yourself at home?"
Yamanouchi puts a big shopping bag on my table.
Yasuko: "Here's yer supplies, courtesy of me an' the Chief. Totally free, but don't worry about owin' us."
She sounds like she really wants me to owe her one while saying she doesn't. Classic Yamanouchi.
Kaori: "From the Chief, too? And there's just...so much stuff here."
Yasuko: "Ya moron, you tryin' to hog it all for yourself?! My dinner's in here, too!"
Oh, I figured. I thought the bag was a little big for just my dinner.
Yasuko: "Well, time to dig in! C'mon, grab yer chopsticks!"
She tugs on my arm and sits me down at the table. She's rough in handling me, but not without gentleness.
Kaori: "...Thanks for the meal."
We sup on a convenience store dinner, and when we're drinking our post-meal tea, Yamanouchi casually speaks.
Yasuko: "Oh, yeah -- yer off night shifts for a while."
Kaori: "I...what?"
Her tone is as casual as you'd mention the weather with, and I almost miss it.
Yasuko: "I mean, we don't want you falling on your butt and fainting on the night shift."
Kaori: "...Y-You're right."
Yasuko: "And since you're off the night shift team, I've got a bunch of night shifts lined up! I'm gonna save up so much money -- thanks!"
She grins as she says that, and looks like she truly believes it. To me, the night shift is a frightening time. I'm afraid of the night, the hospital is creepy when the sun is down, and since there's less people on staff, I'm always worried about what I'll do if something bad happens during the shift. But Yamanouchi seems different. Night shifts seem to mean bigger paydays to her. I've seen her all but celebrating when she switches shifts with other nurses in the station plenty of times. I wonder if I'll manage to think like her someday, too? Will the day come when I can honestly say I like the night shift?
Kaori: "Hey..."
Yasuko: "Hm?"
Kaori: "...Isn't the night shift scary?"
Yasuko: "Why d'you ask?"
Yamanouchi looks utterly surprised. I guess she doesn't think it's scary at all.
Kaori: "Well...it's really scary, isn't it?"
Yasuko: "What's scary about it?"
Kaori: "Well...there's not many people on staff, and there's really few doctors...so there's not too many people to consult with when things get hard..."
Kaori: "And if a patient takes a turn for the worse...I just know there's nothing I can do..."
Yasuko: "I can't do a thing, either. I ain't no doctor."
Kaori: "Yeah, but..."
Yasuko: "Hey, listen. Ya don't need to think of every little possibility. All ya gotta do is think about what you gotta do to do yer job...and do it."
Yasuko: "We're nurses. And ya know what our job is? Predictin' things that might go wrong...and workin' to prevent them before they do."
Yasuko: "If somethin' DOES happen, we pass the baton to the doctor as soon as possible. Then we follow his directions. That's all."
Kaori: "R-Really...?"
Yasuko: "Basically, ya just gotta do what falls under yer jurisdiction. Thinkin' about stuff past that is a waste o' time."
Yasuko: "Doin' what you can't is the biggest waste o' time. That's how humans're built -- we can only do what we can."
Yasuko: "And really, when ya get right down to it, you just need to make sure you don't cause yourself a disaster. That said, whatcha think a disaster is?"
Hearing the question, I think of the disasters that can happen in the ward.
Kaori: "Like, a situation where you would have to write an incident report...?"
Yasuko: "And what would that look like, in detail?"
Kaori: "Er...like, if a patient fell out of bed, or stopped breathing?"
Yasuko: "Those ain't the only situations, but pretty much. So just think of it in reverse."
Reverse...?
Yasuko: "Just think about how ya should work as a nurse to make sure things like that don't happen."
...What should I do as a nurse to make sure disasters don't happen...? This...this is tough... I feel like there's plenty of mountains I have to climb over before I reach Yamanouchi's level...
Yasuko: "Well, ya don't need to worry about it. It'll came to ya with time. Doctors ‘n nurses are only human...ain’t nobody expecting you to become a god."
A...a god...?
Kaori: "Eep!"
Yasuko: "What's wrong, Sawai? What's got ya so...?"
Kaori: "S-Stay away...!"
My cup on the table falls over.
Yasuko: "An unknown number, huh... Hey, hand me this a sec!"
Yamanouchi scoops up my phone.
Yasuko: "...Hello? Hell... Oof, they hung up..."
Yamanouchi lets out a sigh, then puts the phone on the table.
Yasuko: "Any idea who that was from?"
Kaori: "...None."
Yasuko: "Seriously?"
Kaori: "Yeah...they never show their number, and they never say anything when I answer..."
Yasuko: "Really, now... How 'bout setting your phone to ignore unknown numbers like that?"
Kaori: "....Oh."
Yasuko: "...So ya didn't notice..."
I feel the tension lifting when I see Yamanouchi's expression.
Kaori: "Y-You know, you're right. I really should have just set it to ignore that number in the first place..."
Yasuko: "Good grief..."
Yasuko: "Hm? Now you've got an email?"
Kaori: "Wait, again...?!"
Yasuko: "...Again? Huh....Lemme take a look."
Before I can see anything, Yamanouchi looks at the message.
Yasuko: "What the hell...?!"
Kaori: "Wh-What does it say...?"
I peer over Yamanouchi's shoulder to see my phone screen.
Kaori: "Uwah...!"
"Die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die"
That word fills the subject line and body of the message. As I quiver in fear next to her, Yamanouchi gets to opening the other messages.
Yasuko: "Gotta hand it to this person -- they ain't nothin' if not persistent."
Yasuko: "Damn, this is really somethin'. This ain't somethin' ya can do if yer right in the head."
Seeming tired of reading them, Yamanouchi looks up. She grins at me.
Yasuko: "Hey, when'd these start comin'?"
...I'm dreaming again. But it feels...different from usual...
Kaori: "...Huh?"
I notice a shadow in the other direction. They're sadly sobbing away. I wonder what happened? Curious, I walk up to whoever it is.
Kaori: "!!"
It's someone I know well.
Kaori: "S-Senpai?!"
I try to run up to her. But... An invisible wall blocks me, and I can't get any closer to her.
Kaori: "Senpai! Senpai!!"
I bang at the invisible wall and call her name out as loudly as I can. My cries, however, fall on deaf ears. She just keeps on crying, not noticing my presence. Then, that familiar girl poofs next to me.
???: "...She's been crying there for a long, long time."
Kaori: "She has...?"
Something plunges into my heart.
???: "...And you're the one who made her cry."
Kaori: "I...me...?!"
I slam against the wall, not wanting to accept that.
Kaori: "Senpai! Please, Senpai, look at me!"
Senpai doesn't notice me, however, and keeps on crying. Her slender shoulders are quivering......and I just want to comfort her. But this invisible wall is in the way. Is there nothing I can do?
???: "Can't you hear her voice?"
Senpai keeps on crying on the other side of the wall. But no matter how closely I listen, I can't hear a thing....I can't hear a thing! I take a look at her. Why can you hear her? I want to hear her! I just can't!
Kaori: "Why can you hear her?"
The girl just keeps her eyes squarely on my face.
???: "Why can't you hear her?"
Kaori: "I want to hear her! I want to hear Senpai's voice! I just can't...!"
I slam against the wall again and again. The girl just keeps her eyes squarely on my face.
???: "...It's not that you can't hear her. It's just that you won't."
Kaori: "What?"
But, still, she just stares at my face. All she does is speak in riddles and never tell me anything...!
Kaori: "Please, Senpai! Look this way, notice me!"
Kaori: "Senpai, please, don't cry! I'm right here by your side, you don't need to cry anymore!"
???: "You don't try to see anything, and you don't try to hear anything, either."
Kaori: "!!"
I stop banging on the wall and look at the girl. She just looks at me with a blank expression.
???: "You can't see anything you don't try to. You can't hear anything you don't try to."
Kaori: "What are you talking about...?"
???: "That's how you are, and that's why I..."
Then, she vanished again. Senpai keeps on crying on the other side of the invisible wall.
Kaori: "Please, come back! You have to save Senpai! You've got the power to do that, don't you?!"
Kaori: "Please, help Senpai! Please, stop her tears!"
My words fell on deaf ears, and I was answered with nothing but the void.
====================scr00805.kgo====================
I make the outpatient ward rounds as the Chief requested of me. I got the inspection sheet from the first floor examination room.
Kaori: "...Umm, then next is getting the file from the x-ray room in the basement..."
I go down the stairs while remembering what the Chief said to me.
Kaori: "Ah, eeeeek!"
Kaori: "Ow..."
X-Ray Technician: "...What was that loud thud... Hey, you, are you okay?!"
I slightly open my eyes, and a man in a white uniform runs over.
Kaori: "Ah... No..."
X-Ray Technician: "What's wrong? Where did you hit?!"
A man lifts me up.
Kaori: "No! L-Let me go! Stop! Eek!"
He's going to kill me...! He's really going to kill me...!
Kaori: "No, No...! Help! Someone help me! I'm going to die!"
Hatsumi: "Excuse me, I'm Otsuka from the internal medicine ward!"
A nurse comes running in and takes me to the outpatient ward. I am examined by a female doctor while embracing the nurse, and then the Chief shows up after a while, too. Seeing the Chief's face is such a relief that I begin to sob, and she puts her arm around my shoulder.
Hatsumi: "Sawai, hang in there. Are you okay?"
Kaori: "Chief...?"
Hatsumi: "What on earth happened? What's wrong?"
X-ray Technician: "Seems like she fell down the stairs. From what I can tell, nothing is broken, but it looks like her right ankle is sprained."
Hatsumi: "Oh! I'm sorry for the trouble..."
The Chief apologizes on my behalf. I feel I should say I'm sorry, but my body is shaking, and I can't move.
X-ray Technician: "It's all right. She saw me and seemed to go into a panic. Does she have a phobia of men or something?"
Hatsumi: "...I can't really say either way..."
X-ray Technician: "...Oh. Should anything happen I'll be able to take an x-ray at any time. Please just bring a doctor's order."
Hatsumi: "Will do. Thank you."
Urged on by Hatsumi, I quickly bow my head.
Kaori: "..."
I...was shoved, wasn't I? There is the distinct sensation of a hand remaining on my back. Someone had bad intentions, and I was...
Hatsumi: "Sawai, can you walk?"
She peers in at my face, and I hurry to nod.
Hatsumi: "Just go home for today. You can't work like this, right?"
Kaori: "But..."
Hatsumi: "If you're worried about the hospital, it's fine. Your health takes priority."
Her kind voices sinks in. I can't fight against the Chief's words, so I nod timidly.
Kaori: "...Okay."
My ankle is wrapped in a white bandage. Two outpatient nurses wrapped it for me... One was being hugged by me and couldn't move, while the other was wrapping rapidly. I caused trouble for the outpatient ward staff.
Kaori: "I'm sorry... I'm fine now. I apologize for the trouble....Thank you."
I stand up slowly and bow my head to the x-ray technician one more time. Then I softly put my hand on the door of the outpatient ward. Everyone there is a bit busy since the afternoon examinations are about to begin.
Hatsumi: "...I'll be sure to thank the outpatient staff for you. You go on home."
Kaori: "O...Okay..."
...the Chief sees through everything. For today, I'll leave things to the Chief, and as the Chief said, I'll go home... I return to my room and zone out looking at the bandage. The bright white bandage wrapped around my ankle. The throbbing pain in my ankle reminds me that it wasn't a dream. The strong sensation of a hand I felt on my back. My body being pushed forward. The feeling of my body flying through the air. The sight of a figure slipping away as my papers scattered before me. I couldn't see it well with the backlight, but there was definitely someone there. If they had run into me by mistake, they would certainly have helped me to get up. But the person who hurried and rushed over wasn't the person who ran into me, but rather the x-ray technician. An act with bad intentions... Somebody pushed me, wanting to hurt me. They pushed me down the stairs. But who...? ......Even still.
Kaori: "Ugh..."
The more I remember, the more I break out in a cold sweat. Even though I was in a panic, I yelled at the x-ray technician who saved me. No matter how afraid of men I am, saying that I was going to die was a bit much... I also caused a ton of trouble for the outpatient nurses... Ah, how am I supposed to show my face when I make my rounds in the outpatient ward next time? The Chief said she would apologize for me, but I feel guilty for asking the Chief to sort everything out. I mean, what am I going to do with myself...
Kaori: "...Ugh."
I suddenly glance at my cell phone on the desk.
Kaori: "I want to hear Senpai's voice."
I haven't gotten to meet up with Senpai at all recently. I look at the clock. If she's on the day shift, work's about to end, and she'll be in her room soon. I might be able to talk to her if she doesn't have to work overtime...
Nagisa: "...Hello."
Kaori: "Ah, Senpai!"
Senpai takes the call after a few rings. I was so happy to hear Senpai's voice, and it felt like it had been such a long time, so I couldn't help but get excited.
Nagisa: "What is it?"
Kaori: "Um... Well, if you want, I thought we could eat dinner together... There are lots of things I want to talk to you about."
Nagisa: "I'm busy."
Kaori: "What?"
Nagisa: "Bye."
Kaori: "Huh, Senp..."
I stare at my phone vacantly. She hung up the phone very coldly. I finally heard her voice, but she wouldn't talk with me...
Kaori: "Senpai..."
The surgery ward is busy after all. Yet I'm still relying on Senpai. That's terrible... I have to do things right! The pain is not as big a deal as I thought it might be, and the next morning I wake up and go to work as usual. Well, that's good, but...
Kaori: "...Zzz..."
To be honest, I don't have much to do. On top of that, the rumor seems to have spread to Miss Sakai, too. When I visit her room, she treats me much better than usual. No patients made any selfish requests, and I helped out my colleague nurses, but I'm still left with some time remaining... There's no way I could help with reports, so...
Kaori: "Um, it looks like there isn't any other work to do, so I would like to go to the outpatient ward, but..."
I ask the Chief just in case.
Hatsumi: "Sawai..."
The Chief looks at me as though she's worried.
Kaori: "Ah! My leg is fine, and... Um, I thought I'd also go and apologize..."
I wonder if the Chief will tell me no. Since if anything, I'd be going there for personal reasons, and she also might ask me what I'd do if I fell again...
Hatsumi: "Oh... Well, please do."
Wow, I got permission!
Kaori: "Okay, I'll be right back!"
Even though at this time the morning examinations are finished, there are still outpatient patients waiting. The outpatient ward seems like it is busy in a different way compared to what I'm used to. Yet yesterday I made the nurses... Ugh. And the x-ray technician... Bleh. Everyone forgave me with a smile and then even worried about me... Ah, I started working at a wonderful hospital...
Kaori: "Huh?"
When I try to go past the outpatient ward, I feel like there is a face I know among the faces sitting on the waiting bench. I turn to look around. No wonder I went past her earlier. Ami, who's usually always smiling cheerfully, is now sitting on the bench with her head down.
Kaori: "...Ami, what are you doing here?"
Ami raises her head at my voice as though she's startled.
Ami: "Kaorin..."
Ami appears glum even when she looks at me. Ami must be undergoing tests or something like that given that she's in the outpatient ward. I wonder if she's upset because the test results weren't good. 
Ami: "U-Uh..."
Ami tries to say something, but she closes her mouth like she reconsidered. I wonder if there's something she's worried about.
Kaori: "What's wrong? I'll listen, if you're okay with that."
Ami: "Um......Uh..."
Kaori: "What's that?"
Ami tightly bites her lip and bravely opens her mouth.
Ami: "Um, so... Nagi was hiding over there crying...!"
Kaori: "Senpai was?"
I almost let the mountain of x-ray film fall, so I quickly fix my grip in a panic...
Ami: "Uh...It might not be fair to tell you this, but..."
Ami: "Um... Nagi might be getting bullied...I think..."
Kaori: "..."
Ami's words made me speechless. Senpai? Bullied? The cheerful Senpai who's always in the spotlight?
Kaori: "There's no way Senpai would get..."
Ami: "...Yeah, you would think so! Maybe it was just someone who looks like her... Hehe..."
Her dark expression doesn't match her bright words.
Kaori: "...Ami, the outpatient ward gets cold, so let's go back to your room. It's not good to let your body catch a chill, you know."
Ami: "..."
Ami nods. I help Ami stand and decide to go back to the ward.
Ami: "Um... Here is fine..."
Ami still isn't very energetic after returning to the ward. What Ami saw must have been...
Kaori: "...Um, I think you know this, but don't tell anyone that you saw someone who looks like Senpai crying, okay?"
Ami: "Yeah, I'm not going to tell anyone. I only did because it was you..."
Kaori: "Ah, yeah, of course. It doesn't mean I was doubting you, you know?"
Ami: "I know. Okay..."
Ami returns to her room with a weak smile. Given that Ami's always cheerful, there's no way I can't believe what she told me with such a sad look on her face. That Senpai...was...
Yasuko: "Hey, welcome back!"
Yamanouchi is alone at the station. I try sitting down next to Yamanouchi while she writes her reports.
Kaori: "Excuse me... May I ask you something."
Yasuko: "Go ahead!"
I thought I would take the courage and ask her...but I don't know what to say. I didn't want her to worry too much, and the girl Ami saw might not have been Senpai...
Kaori: "Um, I overheard this, but was there bullying or something after the department transfer?"
Yasuko: "Huh? Are ya talkin' 'bout the nurse transfer?"
Kaori: "Y-Yes... I was just, uh, being hypothetical..."
Yamanouchi stops writing her report and glances at me. Then she starts writing the report again.
Yasuko: "Ya know, sometimes there's bullyin' ‘cause of bein' transferred, and other times there's transfers 'cause of bullyin.’"
Kaori: "What..."
I feel I black out momentarily after hearing her say that.
Yasuko: "The nursing industry is like a hive abuzz with bees, and those bees all wanna be the mighty queen. It might be different with men ‘round, but with all women it's nothin’ but ego."
Yasuko: "They ignore the needs of patients and sabotage each other. They are denying their very own purpose, ya know?"
Kaori: "I-Is that common?"
Yasuko: "You betcha. I see it all the time -- now it's at the point where a place without bullyin' is hard t' come by. Ah, Yurigahama's internal medicine ward's a right good place!"

Kaori: "Does that mean, in other words, that in a different ward, it wouldn't be strange if someone got bullied?"
Yasuko: "There's relationships like yours and Miss Sakai's all over the place!"
Yasuko: "People verbally spar all day. No surprise there, though -- not with all the strong willed women we got in the hospital!"
...What Yamanouchi says shocks me... Even though they're nurses... Even though they're supposed to be working for the sake of the patients, they're busy sabotaging each other...
Kaori: "...What's the point of doing something like that?"
Yasuko: "There ain't no point. If I had to say, they just dislike someone, think someone's annoyin' or a burden, or want someone to disappear out of sight...that's all."
Kaori: "..."
That's horrible... Didn't everyone become a nurse because that's what they wanted? I thought being a nurse is a job people take on because they long to help others. I can't believe there's such a dark side to it all...
Yasuko: "Newbies are especially easy to target. Not just new graduates right out of school either -- same goes for those who come from other departments."
Kaori: "!"
I'm surprised and raise my head.
Yasuko: "It's natural ‘cause it's their first job, but they don't work like ya expect, and they ask a bunch of questions. And if ya ignore ’em, they just slack off."
Yasuko: "The leaders'd be glad to have more hands on deck, but they don't got much room for people with experience who don't move."
Kaori: "..."
The moment I raise my head, my eyes meet Yamanouchi, who is looking at me.
Yasuko: "...So that's it. Fujisawa is bein' bullied in surgery."
Kaori: "What?! I-I didn't say that Senpai is being bullied...!"
I get flustered and shake my head while trembling. Yamanouchi chuckles. Isn't it cruel to laugh when we're talking about bullying?!
Yasuko: "Fujisawa getting...bullied... It ain't impossible. Whatcha think, Chief?"
I'm startled at Yamanouchi's words, so I look back, and then at the station entrance where the Chief is standing. S-Someone overhead us! And of all people, Chief!
Hatsumi: "..."
Chief looks like she's thinking about something.
Kaori: "U-Um...! Nagisa getting bullied is just a rumor...!"
Hatsumi: "......"
Kaori: "In the first place, I didn't say that Senpai is being bullied, right Yamano-- Where is she?!"
I notice that Yamanouchi is gone!
Hatsumi: "......"
Agh, what am I supposed to do?! Ah... Ugh, I'm exhausted! The Chief was on edge after that ruining of the atmosphere of the station. Ah, I'm so nervous that I'm making myself sick... But, Senpai... I wonder if it's true that she's being bullied. I grab my phone after a bit of searching. I don't know what to ask her, but...
Kaori: "Ah, hello, Sen--"
H-Huh? Senpai... She answered my call just now... Right? I don't know, but...I'm sick of doing nothing, too. I'm going to Senpai's room! I'll just come back if I can't see her.
Nagisa: "Yes?"
Ah, Senpai, there you are...
Kaori: "Ah, it's me. Sawai."
The Senpai that appears seems tired and really doesn't look so good.
Kaori: "Senpai? You don't look very well...?"
Nagisa: "...Why are you here?"
Stiff facial expressions. A cold voice. It's not like her.
Kaori: "I...heard a rumor that you were being bullied..."
Nagisa: "I'm not being bullied!"
I'm shocked by her raising her voice.
Kaori: "S-Senpai..."
Nagisa: "I was transferred to surgery, which is something I've always wanted."
Nagisa: "I finally became free of only doing boring tasks everyday like diaper changes, bedsore treatment, nutrition guidance...!"
Nagisa: "They're finally allowing me to do the nursing that I wanted to do up until now! Everyday is fulfilling!"
Kaori: "Senpai...?"
Nagisa: "It was horrible day in and day out! I genuinely hated the plain and boring day-to-day of internal medicine!"
Something feels off about Senpai's shouting....But I can't put it into words... I just know that these aren't Senpai's true feelings.
Kaori: "Senpai...?"
Nagisa: "What, what's that look on your face?! Are you pitying me? Who do you think you are?!"
Kaori: "P-Pity... That's not my intention...!"
Despite my feelings, Senpai's emotional explosion only escalates. 
Nagisa: "They're laughing at me, right? I wanted to go to surgery, and then I couldn't keep up with the pace!"
Kaori: "What..."
That's not true! I try to deny what she's saying, but swallow my own words. Senpai glares at me with eyes filled with tears.
Nagisa: "Everyone is laughing at me, aren't they?! They're all relieved that I left internal medicine, right?!"
Kaori: "What...!"
Tears fall from Senpai's eyes.
Nagisa: "I can't do anything right! I was just in the way in internal medicine!"
Kaori: "!"
Nagisa: "That's why they made me go to surgery where it's so busy. I'm not going to quit myself even if they try to make me!"
Kaori: "......"
What am I supposed to say? I don't know what to say to cheer up Senpai, given all the pain she's in.
Kaori: "C-Calm down, Senpai! What's wrong? This isn't like you!"
Nagisa: "This isn't like me? What's like me? You know nothing about me!"
I gently try to put my hand on her shaking shoulder, but she forcefully brushes me off. I lose my balance, and pain runs through my sprained ankle.
Kaori: "Ow!"
Then we both fall down right there.
Nagisa: "You're laughing! You're laughing at me!"
I find myself holding Senpai down as she nearly goes on a rampage.
Nagisa: "Get away from me! I hate you!"
Hate...! Those unexpected words are like a dagger to the heart -- an unseen wound. Even then...!
Kaori: "Senpai!"
Nagisa: "There's nothing good about me!"
Nagisa: "I don't have your healing hands, your cleverness, your friendliness, any of it!"
Senpai's words pierce deep into my chest.
Nagisa: "You've never thought about how it felt for me with you showing off about all that you can do..."
I don't want to hear any more. I don't want to hear these ugly words coming from the person I love.
Nagisa: "I hate y--"
I don't want to hear it, so I shut her mouth with my lips. My cheek grows warm, accompanied by a stinging pain. I slowly come to understand that I was slapped.
Nagisa: "I hate that kind personality of yours!"
Kaori: "Sen--"
Nagisa: "Did you think that I would be happy if you kissed me?"
My cheek throbs.
Nagisa: "Did you that kissing me could turn me back into that easy going girl you used to like? Because you don't like how I am now?"
More than my cheek, more than anything, my heart hurts.
Nagisa: "And you know my feelings! How could you!"
Kaori: "......"
My pained heart sheds tears of blood... It's so painful, so depressing... My words aren't working with Senpai. Senpai won't listen to what I say...
Nagisa: "How long are you going to be on top of me?! Get off!"
She strongly pushed my chest. I remove myself from her as she pushes me away.
Nagisa: "You're horrible! I don't want to see your face again!"
Senpai stands up and spits out those words, then slams the door shut. I'm left by myself in the lonely hallway. I drop down to the ground, and my tears fall to my knees....Senpai... I drove Senpai into a tight corner... I absentmindedly look up at the closed door. Will this door never be opened for me again...?           In that dream again...         I hear a crying voice from somewhere.            Somebody is crying.        I think it must be that girl.           I look for that girl           and wander in a dark dream.            I suddenly see the shadow of a person.  A girl is standing there sobbing.
Kaori: "Why are you crying?"
I ask her a question. I'm the one who wants to cry. I'm the one being confused by riddles that I don't understand. On top of that, when she's crying like this, I can't just ignore her, right?
???: "My selfishness... My existence is hurting you and her."
Kaori: "......"
Another riddle. What do you mean? I don't understand.
Kaori: "What do you mean?"
The girl looks up at with me with eyes tired from crying.
???: "Everything is my fault... I'm sorry..."
Kaori: "I don't know what you're talking about."
The girl looks up at with me with eyes tired from crying.
???: "It's my fault. The reason you're confused... I'm sorry..."
This isn't a conversation. I let out a small sigh and crouch down before the girl.
Kaori: "...So, who are you?"
???: "I'm...I'm another one of you that you forgot about."
Another one of me?
???: "If I wasn't around, at least that person wouldn't cry like that."
That person...? I don't understand what she's saying after all. I just stare in a daze at the girl who's crying.
====================scr00806.kgo====================
I had absolutely no intention of hurting Senpai. I didn't think I was hurting her. I had no intention of showing off or bragging about my healing hands. I can't believe she hated me that much... I didn't realize any of that.
Sayuri: "......"
...I didn't notice anything, and I didn't try to, either...
Sayuri: "Why are you zoning out?"
Kaori: "!"
I suddenly return to my senses. Apparently I was changing Miss Sakai's IV while handling the clamps and thinking about Senpai.
Sayuri: "Are you listening? I've been trying to speak to you for quite some time now."
Kaori: "Ah... Oh, sorry..."
Sayuri: "If things ended with sorry we wouldn't need the police. What do you plan on doing if you make a medical error because you weren't paying attention during work?"
Kaori: "Ah... Yeah, that's true."
Sayuri: "You could even lose your license if you mess up! You became a nurse because you wanted to, right? You won't be able to work if you lose your license."
Kaori: "I know... I'm sorry..."
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai looks at me as though she were disgusted from the bottom of her core.
Sayuri: "This is absurd."
Kaori: "......"
I try to say that I'm sorry, but then I stop. If I apologize, I think she'll just tell me not to do it from the start, and apologizing won't improve her mood any.
Sayuri: "The reason you have no energy is because you're thinking about that girl who was transferred to surgery again, right?"
Kaori: "Uh...um..."
I can't acknowledge or deny what she said. Denying it would be a lie, but I don't want to confirm it because of my feelings.
Sayuri: "That's why I don't like that girl. Being allowed to make you sad is my privilege as your patient!"
Kaori: "...What?"
I don't expect her to say that. I look at Miss Sakai dumbfounded.
Kaori: "Wh-What?"
Miss Sakai's face is very serious, but she's pouting in a bit of a joking way.
Sayuri: "You're my senpai from nursing school, but I was a terrible nurse, so I thought I wanted to improve my skills, that's all!"
Kaori: "......"
I can't respond to what she said. She thought she wanted to improve her skills...? Miss Sakai?
Sayuri: "......"
As I look at Miss Sakai, her cheeks become slightly red, and she looks away as though she doesn't want me to see that.
Kaori: "Oh... I'm sorry."
...Miss Sakai is awkward. With this personality I'm sure she must have missed a lot of chances up until now. Despite that, she doesn't show her hurt and pain. She sticks out her chest and squarely turns around....She's so strong. If I were strong like Miss Sakai, things may have ended without me hurting Senpai....No, maybe now's not too late. I have to truly give up Senpai...!
Kaori: "Thanks, Miss Sakai."
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai says nothing with her face turned away. That's her response. I bow my head to Miss Sakai and decide to leave her room.
Kaori: "I'm back."
Phew. Somehow I got through the day. I take my phone out of my bag. Ah, there are a bunch today, too. Lately, when I come back to my room the first thing I do is delete those harassing messages. I want to delete them all at once, but there are messages from my friends, too, and I can't tell which are which just by skimming. So I sigh and check them one by one and delete the unnecessary ones individually. After I set blocked calls, calls from unidentified numbers stopped bothering me, but the emails keep coming in gobs. If I register their address and block them, they will change their address and the emails will come again. The spam messages are messages from phones, so if you block the domain, then you won't be able to receive messages from friends, either. That's why I delete each message by hand like this everyday. I'm already used to it, but still. I sigh when I see the sinister messages with curses written on them.
Kaori: "Ah! O-One moment."
My hand stops in surprise at the sudden sound.
Hatsumi: "It's Otsuka."
Kaori: "Chief?!"
I hurry and put my phone down and head for the door.
Hatsumi: "Sorry for dropping by suddenly."
Kaori: "N-No, it's fine. What's the matter?"
The Chief is silent for just a little while and stares at me.
Kaori: "?"
I tilt my head to the side in a puzzled way, and the Chief finally opens her mouth, but...
Hatsumi: "...How are you?"
Kaori: "Huh? Ah, I'm okay..."
Hatsumi: "Really? That's fine then."
Kaori: "What?"
I'm flustered because I don't know what's happening. The Chief doesn't mind and quickly steps back.
Hatsumi: "I'm in the way. Sorry."
Kaori: "What?"
While I'm taken back, the Chief turns around and leaves. Um...? What was that just now?            In that dream again.     The same girl is standing right before my eyes.   The girl is staring straight at me.
???: "What are you doing?"
Kaori: "Huh?"
I don't know the meaning of what she says. That girl's mature eyes. Eyes like an adult who has experienced many different things and overcome hardship.
???: "What are you doing here? You have something you should to be doing."
The girl's eyes hurry me. The depth of my heart murmurs restlessly. If there is -- tell me. I don't want to be told by you.
Kaori: "...If there is, then tell me."
I don't know right now. Then the only thing I can do is ask someone who knows. I deeply bow my head.
Kaori: "Please, I don't know. If you know what I should do, please tell me!"
Judging by the girl's expressions, she seems to be hesitating a bit.
???: "Stop that girl..."
Kaori: "What?"
As soon as I raise my head, the girl is gone.
Kaori: "I don't want to be told something like that by you."
She always confuses me with these riddles that I don't understand and won't give me a hint. I'm fed up with it. If she's going to tell me, she should do it right.
???: "...Oh."
The girl has a sad expression on her face and then suddenly disappears. When I get to work, something seems off. The entire hospital somehow feels noisy.
Kaori: "Good morning."
Yasuko: "Mornin'."
Kaori: "Uh, did something happen? It somehow seems noisy everywhere, doesn't it?"
Yasuko: "I don't really know, neither, but I heard there was an incident of violence on the second floor."
Kaori: "V-Violence?! And the second floor is the surgical ward...!"
It's the surgical ward with Senpai. When Senpai was transferred, I thought it would be okay because we were still in the same hospital, but just being on different floors means we don't see each other at all. Even though we're only one floor apart...surgery is far away. I haven't seen Senpai since then. In neither the hospital or the dorm. There was violence in the surgical ward where Senpai is... I wonder what happened. Is Senpai all right?
Kaori: "Uh, do you know anything else...?"
Yasuko: "Nah. I don't know ‘cause it ain’t related to internal medicine."
Kaori: "Okay... Thank you."
What should I do. I can't help but worry about Senpai. But... She said she didn't want to see my face anymore, so there's nothing I can do. I try asking one of the night nurses, who seems to know what happened, but won't tell me because I'm a newbie or something. Maybe she's been told to not say anything.
Tokiwa: "Well, everyone's here, right? I'm starting the meeting."
Tokiwa leads the meeting, which is rare. The Chief is apparently working, but she's not at the station. I have a bad feeling about this. There was an incidence of violence in surgery, and the Chief isn't here. I feel a strange unease at just that fact. But...   "You're horrible!    I don't want to see your face again!"
Senpai's words are on repeat in my head. I want to see her. But I can't. If I see her, I'll hurt her again. But...!
Yasuko: "...Sawai, mornin' reports are startin'! Are you listenin'?"
I'm startled and raise my head....I can't see her after all. Even then...I want to see her! ...I can't see her after all. Even if I see Senpai now, there's nothing that I can do. Senpai...I'm sorry....Ultimately, I'm pretty distracted today and am unable to focus on work. That's true of my other coworkers, too. Everyone seems to want to know want happened with the incident in surgery. There is a gag order from the hospital, so nobody says anything. The unrelated technicians I ran into doing rounds in the outpatient ward won't tell me anything. There are some patients who seem to have vaguely realized what happened, and the entire hospital seems on edge somehow. And the Chief... She didn't come back to the ward today in the end. And there are no messages, which is strange. I'm relieved at just that. My heart feels just a bit lighter, and I take a big stretch. Then I suddenly think of something. Yeah, let's go buy stuff at the convenience store! If something horrible happened in surgery, then it must be hard for Senpai! She said she didn't want to see my face, but she didn't tell me not to worry! I'll buy her favorite beer and snacks that are memorable to her. Then I'll knock on the door of her room! Yeah, I'll do that! I bring just my wallet and keys and head to the convenience store.              It's that dream again.      In the dream where it's dark, and I can't hear anything.           The girl isn't there.        Far away I see a dim shadow of a person.      I slowly approach the figure.
Kaori: "...S-Senpai?!"
I find myself calling out to her. Senpai gazes at me silently. Tears slide down Senpai's cheek and fall.
Kaori: "Senpai!"
I try to run over to her, but there's an invisible wall again, so I can't move closer!
Kaori: "Senpai... Senpai!"
Can she hear me?! Senpai's mouth subtly moves. "I'm sorry."
...Senpai? She tries her best to speak, but I can't hear anything! Senpai holds out a hand toward me. I hurry and hold out my hand. The moment our hands meet through the invisible wall...
Kaori: "Senpai!"
Senpai abruptly disappears like smoke. But I still...want to see her!
Yasuko: "Sawai! What's the point of going there now?!"
I know that! Me going to surgery now won't make anything different. But...! ...But Senpai might be going through something difficult! There might be something I can do for her! No, not being able to do anything is okay! It's fine if I can just know that Senpai is all right and is working as usual! The second floor... This is the surgical ward where Senpai is. The atmosphere is completely different being just one floor apart... Also, it's noisy overall. Is it because of the violence? A lot of patients are gathered around the station. I watch from a distance so as to not get in the way, but it seems to be the family of a patient complaining to the staff about something. The family hurries and leaves as though they are satisfied after saying just what they wanted to say. A nurse is left with a tired look on her face.
Kaori: "U-Um..."
Surgical Ward Nurse: "Who are you? Why are you here?"
She says so with an edge and glares at me sharply. Eek, scary... But this isn't the time to get scared...!
Kaori: "E-Excuse me. I'm Sawai from internal medicine. Um, is Nagisa Sen... I mean Fujisawa here?"
Surgical Ward Nurse: "What!? I don't know about her. She's a real burden."
Kaori: "A...burden...?"
Surgical Ward Nurse: "She didn't come back for the meeting. I wonder if she's conscious of her job as a nurse! It's a load off my shoulders to have her gone!"
My head goes blank at what the surgery nurse said. A load off to have her gone...? What...! Senpai isn't that kind of person!
Kaori: "Senpai isn't that kind of person! She isn't used to surgery, so she was studying hard to try to keep up however she could!"
Kaori: "And what do you mean she's gone? Is Senpai not here?!"
Surgical Ward Nurse: "Even if you say she's not that kind of person, the truth is the truth. Fujisawa is gone out of her own will. What's wrong with saying the truth?"
I wonder if...it's the truth. But Senpai, who has a strong sense of responsibility, leaving the ward... There's no way she would abandon her work! There must have be a reason!
Kaori: "There must be a reason that she's gone! Related to the violence or something!"
Surgical Ward Nurse: "...You don't know anything, do you. Fujisawa is the one who caused the violence."
Kaori: "!"
Surgical Ward Nurse: "You don't seem to know anything, so I'll tell you. Fujisawa got into trouble with a patient during the night shift. She punched the patient and ran away!"
P-Punched the patient...? Senpai did?
Surgical Ward Nurse: "She's useless, and we'd be better off without her. The night shift doesn't have a lot of workers, and we welcomed her thinking she was experienced, but then there's this fiasco."
Surgical Ward Nurse: "Then on top of that, not only did she get in the way, but when I told her to go home if she was going to disturb us, she really went home! I can't believe it."
Kaori: "......"
Surgical Ward Nurse: "Was she like that even in internal medicine? Not doing anything without being told, can't think and act, sulking when given a warning, not responding?!"
Surgical Ward Nurse: "Are you training nurses properly in internal medicine? Surgery isn't the place to clean up for internal medicine. I don't need dead weight forced on me!"
Dead weight... What a disgusting thing to say. Not doing anything without being told, can't think and act, sulking when given a warning, not responding....I have an idea. It's not uncommon for someone to not know what to do and to end up asking someone for help. Even if they have no intention of sulking, their expressions might become hard... The surgery nurse takes a big sigh.
Surgical Ward Nurse: "...So that's what happened. I have to do overtime because that girl ran away. Is that all you need?"
Kaori: "Yes... Oh, do you know where she is...?"
Surgical Ward Nurse: "How would I know?"
I look back at the running footsteps that are approaching. Ami comes running down the stairs from internal medicine.
Ami: "K-Kaorin!"
Kaori: "Ami!? You're not supposed to run!"
Ami doesn't care about what I say. She takes my arm and pulls it strongly.
Ami: "Kaorin! Nagi... Stop Nagi!"
Kaori: "Huh? Senpai!?"
Ami looks at me through labored breaths.
Kaori: "Where's Senpai!?"
I have a bad feeling. Ami tells me where Senpai apparently is while her lips quiver.
Kaori: "Got it! Go back to your room! I'll bring Senpai back here for sure!"
Miss Sakai is standing with a hard expression on her face in front on the door that leads to the roof.
Sayuri: "......"
She indicates upward with her chin.
Kaori: "S-Senpai?!"
Senpai is standing on the other side of that fence.
Nagisa: "......"
Senpai's expressions show her thinking too much. A strong wind blows. Senpai's hair blows upward, and the hem of her nurse uniform flutters.
Kaori: "S-Senpai...! It's dangerous, so please come over here...!"
But my words don't seem to reach her. Senpai doesn't try to move from the other since of the fence and stares fixedly at me....It's like being in that dream. It's as though there's an invisible wall blocking us... The only difference is that Senpai laughs all of a sudden.
Nagisa: "...I was punished for being cruel to you."
Senpai's voice is picked up by the wind and reaches me.
Kaori: "What do you mean punished?!"
Nagisa: "Don't worry, Sawai. If I die, those calls and messages won't come anymore."
Those calls... Messages...? Wait, were those harassment messages from Senpai...?
Nagisa: "You really don't notice anything. I can't believe you."
Nagisa: "You didn't know anything and just went, ‘Senpai, Senpai’..."
Kaori: "......"
Senpai is hurt. She couldn't have wanted to say that those calls and messages were actually her doing. Even then, her confessing to me here means that...
Nagisa: "So, since I'm hated, I'm about to disappear. Me just existing means I'll be a burden to somebody again."
Another strong wind blows. I feel very uneasy. I can't help but scream.
Kaori: "You're not hated! Please don't say that you're a burden!"
I look hard at Senpai to make sure that she doesn't go somewhere out of my reach. I approach her step by step.
Kaori: "I admire you! Both when we were in high school and now that we're nurses. Nothing has changed."
Kaori: "To me, it would be more of a burden to have you gone!"
Senpai shakes her head -- she looks like she's about to cry.
Nagisa: "But to the people in surgery..."
Kaori: "I heard about the bullying among nurses from Yamanouchi! She said that new people are easy targets! She said it's like the shogun's harem!"
Senpai's fingers on the fence start to move.
Kaori: "I'm not proud to say it, but I can't do my job! But, I do want to grow while being taught and yelled at!"
Kaori: "It's not your fault that you can't keep up with your job. I've seen you working hard!"
I put my entire heart into my words.
Kaori: "Nobody is going to be perfect at their job when they're just starting off! We're not super women!"
I hope that she understands my feelings...!
Kaori: "They don't properly teach newbies how to do their job, and yet they blame you either way... I think that the staff in the surgery ward are the ones who can't do their jobs!"
Nagisa: "Sawai..."
Kaori: "I mean, isn't it true? I heard that my classmate who went to surgery already quit! And your classmate already quit, too, right?"
Kaori: "That's why surgery doesn't have enough people now, and they tore you away from internal medicine!"
Senpai's body that was facing away from the roof moves slight toward me.
Kaori: "They might be too busy to train their juniors, sure, but clearly there is a problem when the environment they have created is so toxic that newbies and juniors don't even stay!"
Nagisa: "......"
Senpai's looks relieved. Then someone interrupts our conversation.
???: "...If you want to die, hurry up and do it."
???: "Hey... Sayurin!"
I'm startled and look around. Miss Sakai is standing there suppressing her irritated expression. Next to her is Ami, confused with her eyes wide open.
Ami: "Ah, um...! Nagi, Sayurin, look, she's just that kind of person...!"
Sayuri: "I hate that about you. You're trying to kill yourself because you've lost all hope with the world. Then get a move on and jump."
Sayuri: "Yet you're filled with regret and stopping there. You were waiting until Miss Sawai came, weren't you?"
Kaori: "Hey... Miss Sakai!"
I try to stop her from saying too much. But...
Sayuri: "You want to die, right? I'll watch you, so hurry up and jump from there. You ignored Asada's kindness."
Ami: "Sayurin!"
Sayuri: "Every day, I live trembling in fear of my own death! So you know what? Die in front of me, right here and now! Get on with it!"
Senpai stands on the other side of the fence, her shoulders shaking after hearing Miss Sakai's words....That makes sense... To a patient with a potentially fatal illness, Senpai must look like she's spoiled...
Nagisa: "...Ah...!"
Senpai begins to cry still grabbing the fence.
???: "But if you die, all of the people here will cry. Are you okay with that?"
The voice is kind but resolute.
Nagisa: "Chief..."
Hatsumi: "Miss Asada, Miss Sakai, Yamanouchi who's covering for me in the ward, Head Nurse Tokiwa, me -- everyone will cry."
Hatsumi: "Sawai might just cry too much and then try to follow your path in shock. Is that all right with you?"
Senpai's wet gaze connects with mine.
Nagisa: "Me...?"
Hatsumi: "Sawai might kill herself because of you. Can you really accept that?"
Nagisa: "I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I'm...sorry!"
Senpai bursts out crying. The fence between us is in the way, so I cross over it. I hold Senpai's body tight.
Kaori: "Senpai... It's high up here and scary. Let' go back to the other side of the fence."
Nagisa: "...Okay, okay... Sorry... I'm really sorry..."
Senpai nods, and I gently grab her hand, leading her to the other side of the fence where everyone waits. Her pale and thin fingertips are cold like ice. Ami, Miss Sakai, and the Chief help us cross over the fence. We move to a safe location, and Senpai collapses right there like a marionette that had its string cut.
Nagisa: "Sorry, I'm sorry! It's my fault that even you were in danger! I'm so sorry!"
Nagisa: "I wanted to hurt you by dying in front of your eyes. I stole the key from the management office... I'm an idiot!"
Nagisa: "I'm sorry for being such an idiot senpai... I'm sorry...!"
Kaori: "It's fine... I'm glad you're safe."
Senpai is blubbering, and I hug her tight one more time.
Kaori: "Senpai, your body is so cold..."
Nagisa: "...You're warm."
Kaori: "Because I'm alive! If we warm up your body, your warmth will come back!"
Nagisa: "...Yeah..."
We cry and laugh together. I'm relieved and happy, yet I can't help but be reduced to tears.
Nagisa: "...You're the only one that can warm me up."
Kaori: "Yeah, it's been like that since from before! What I can do for Senpai is my duty, my privilege!"
Nagisa: "...You really think so?"
Kaori: "Yes! I only have you, and you only have me, right!?"
Nagisa: "...Yeah... That's right..."
Then I hear a hand clap.
Hatsumi: "Are you all ready now? Today the wind is a bit strong. What are you going to do if a patient catches a cold?"
Hatsumi: "Fujisawa, go on home. You've finished the night shift, right? Miss Sakai and Miss Asada, return to the room."
Hatsumi: "Sawai, after you send Fujisawa off to the dorm, come back to the ward. You're on the day shift today, so do your job."
It's the Chief as usual. I don't know if she's cool or hot. But behind the cool mask she hides the kind feelings that her juniors know.
Ami: "Nagi... I'm so glad... Kaorin, I'm glad for you, too..."
Sayuri: "...What, so everything is back to normal? I came all the way here for the show and this is what I get? Ridiculous."
Ami: "Sayurin, if you're happy, then you have to say so, or they definitely won't get it."
Sayuri: "It's fine. I don't think that I want them to get it."
Ami and Miss Sakai are the same as usual, too.
Kaori: "Hehe..."
Nagisa: "Hehe."
We look at each other and giggle.
Kaori: "I brought your pajamas! These are okay, right?"
I brought Senpai's pajamas from her room and give them to her.
Nagisa: "...Sorry."
Senpai is downhearted.
Kaori: "Please don't apologize. I'm doing this because I want to."
I sit her down on my bed and grin. Senpai smiles back weakly.
Kaori: "I wanted to lend you my pajamas, but...they're all in the laundry basket... Sorry!"
Senpai is in my room because she didn't seem like she wanted to go back to her room alone....No, that's not it. It's because I didn't want to send Senpai back to her room alone. There's doubt as to whether Senpai with her exhausted body and soul can relax by me bringing her to my room. Even still, if I at least have her stay in my room, when I finish work, I can be the one to see her first!
Nagisa: "...Okay, thank you..."
Senpai looks worn out. I'd feel bad leaving her here alone... I wonder if I can take the day off if I call the station and ask the Chief...
Nagisa: "I'm okay already. So you go back to the ward..."
Kaori: "But..."
Senpai tightly grabs the hem of my nursing uniform.
Nagisa: "It's okay. Go back to the ward. I'll be waiting here for you."
Her face tells me to stay, but I am lost for words.
Kaori: "Senpai..."
Nagisa: "I'll be in your bed...in your room waiting for you, okay?"
Nagisa smiles.
Nagisa: "I'm super tired from work, so when you come home I might be fast asleep and won't notice that you're back. Wake me up if that happens, okay?"
Kaori: "...Can I wake you up with a kiss?"
Nagisa: "...That would be nice -- what a lovely thing to wake up to."
I can't take my eyes off Senpai. Senpai also doesn't avert her eyes from me. Nagisa's hand that is not grabbing the hem of my nursing uniform grabs the cuff of my sleeve....I'm pulled closed to Senpai. After a moment of hesitation...
Kaori: "......"
I softly touch her lips.
Nagisa: "...I'm sorry for slapping you the other day."
Kaori: "You won't do it again, right?"
Nagisa: "...Yeah... I definitely won't..."
Kaori: "Then one more time..."
Nagisa: "...Now, while I want to ask you to kiss me 'til I fall asleep..."
Senpai gives me a pushing pat on the shoulders.
Nagisa: "You've got to get back to the ward! Chief Otsuka is scary when she gets angry!"
Nagisa smiles as though to comfort me....Her typical smile that I'm used to seeing.
Kaori: "...Then the rest is for when I get back..."
Nagisa: "Wake me up with a kiss."
Kaori: "Okay!"
Nagisa: "I'll do my best so that when you get back I'm doing better."
Kaori: "Senpai, don't overdo it."
Nagisa: "If I think that I can make you only mine, then I'll overdo it. I'll do anything!"
Kaori: "No! Take it easy for now because you're tired. Once I get back, you'll get it to your heart's desire, okay?"
Nagisa: "Okay... You and I, alone together forever, to our hearts' desire..."
With that I leave Nagisa in my room and go to work. In the ward, Yamanouchi is going around the ward in place of the Chief. Yamanouchi told me, "You don't have a schedule today!"
so I've been doing random chores....The Chief hasn't returned to the ward. It really bothers me... The Chief didn't return to the ward in the end. It's fine because Yamanouchi has been going around the ward for the Chief, but... It bothers me some. It comes to my mind that the Chief might not have returned to the ward because of something to do with Senpai. But it should be okay because it's the Chief! And Yamanouchi, filling in for the Chief, finished up evening reports as soon as the shift ended and headed home like the wind... Maybe she's busy with the manuscript. I have to go home early like Yamanouchi! Oh, right. I think I should message Senpai before I go home just in case. She told me to wake her up with a kiss if she's asleep when I get home, but she might be embarrassed about me seeing her wake up. Okay, send!
Kaori: "Ah!?"
The phone in my hand says I have a new message. I hurry and look at my phone.        "I'm in Kanakura now. Come here.         I'm waiting for you at the gate as usual."
Of course there's no response from Senpai.
Kaori: "...Hmm, she could be sleeping?"
Kaori: "Eek?!"
The phone in my hand suddenly starts to ring. My heart starts to pound at the same time. Yamanouchi's name is displayed on the screen......Eek, I have a bad feeling about this...
Kaori: "Y-Yes...?"
Yasuko: "Hey, Sawai? Sorry, but come help me."
Kaori: "...I have to go home and see how Senpai is doing."
Yasuko: "She's in yer room sound asleep. She didn't get to sleep during the night shift, and then there was that incident in the mornin'. Let her sleep a bit more."
Kaori: "What... But..."
Yasuko: "If it were you, would ya be able to say, ‘I'm tired, so let me sleep’ when the person ya love is in the room with you?"
Yasuko: "Do ya think that Fujisawa got the kind of personality that would be able to say that?"
Kaori: "Um..."
If you put it that way... It's true that the night shift for surgery seems really busy, and this morning there was the incident on the roof after the trouble with the patient. I know it's important that Senpai gets her rest, but...
Yasuko: "So I'll be waitin'."
Kaori: "What?! Yamanouchi!"
She had already hung up...!
Kaori: "...If I ignore this, it could become a disaster later..."
I'm worried about Senpai, so I want to just take a peek at my room. If Senpai is sleeping, I'll go to Yamanouchi's room. Yeah, I'll do that! As Yamanouchi said, Senpai is sound asleep. She's sleeping so well that she doesn't notice I'm back. I give her a peck on the cheek, but she doesn't wake up -- it'd feel wrong to keep trying to wake her like this. I think I'll let Senpai sleep a little longer and come back to the room after helping Yamanouchi.
Yasuko: "So apply the toner accordin' to the numbers written in blue pencil. Ask if you don't understand."
Kaori: "Oh, okay..."
...The amount of manuscript papers... I wonder if Yamanouchi isn't worried about Senpai... I'm worried about Senpai today in particular, so after I help out for an hour or so, I'll go home.
Yasuko: "...Fujisawa was sleepin', wasn't she?"
Kaori: "Y-Yes."
I'm surprised that Senpai's name is mentioned. I can't look up at Yamanouchi's face because I'm doing taxing work.
Yasuko: "The Chief will handle everything else for the best. You don't have to worry about anything."
Kaori: "...The Chief...?"
The Chief and Yamanouchi are worrying about Senpai... Oh, I'm so glad to be able to work in a ward with such great people...
Yasuko: "You're tired, too, right? Ya can stop for today."
Kaori: "Really?!"
I'm elated so I can't help but raise my head, and Yamanouchi is grinning.
Yasuko: "One condition: bring Fujisawa to help out next time!"
               What...        I'm...I'm back in that dream again...      The same girl is standing      in front of me looking up at me.            She seems lonely.      It feels as though my chest will become tight just      by looking at her face...
Kaori: "...What's the matter?"
Why do you look like you're about to cry? I wanted to ask her that, but I can't say anything because there's a lump in my chest. Tears fall down the girl's cheek.
???: "I'm sorry I couldn't help..."
...Huh? The next instant the girl disappears.
Kaori: "......"
That time, I feel that the girl disappeared for some reason....I feel that I'll never see her again. I wonder why it feels that way. And who was that girl? I suddenly look at my hand. My hand... But something seems different. Something...something I can't put into words. I feel like something from within me has disappeared. Yes, along with that girl.
Kaori: "......"
Who is that girl really?
====================scr00811.kgo====================
???: "...Are you crying?"
Kaori: "...Hm?"
Kaori: "Whoa...!"
I frantically snap awake. I'm in Yamanouchi's room. Yamanouchi giggles and offers me a tissue box.
Yasuko: "Ya must be beat. Sorry for makin' ya come over anyway."
Kaori: "What's the tissue for...?"
Yamanouchi points at my cheek with an exasperated look.
Kaori: "!!"
I was crying?!
Yasuko: "Ya have a scary dream or somethin'?"
A dream...? Something about that word bothers me. I feel like I was dreaming...
Kaori: "I don't know. But I feel like I lost something dear to me."
Yamanouchi smiles at me after hearing that.
Yasuko: "...Something dear, eh? Ain't that fine? Didn't ya protect the most dear person of all to you?"
Nagisa's smile comes to mind.
Kaori: "Yes! I did!"
But... While I succeeded in protecting Senpai's smile, I feel like I overlooked something important in the process... I don't know what it is, though.
Yasuko: "I don't wanna work you any harder than this, so yer free to return to yer room. You should probably wake Fujisawa soon, too."
Kaori: "...How long was I out for?"
Yasuko: "Hrm...less than an hour I'd reckon?"
Yasuko: "Have a bite to eat with Fujisawa later."
There's dorayaki inside the convenience store bag.
Yasuko: "Sweets are the best medicine for a tired heart."
After that... I return to my room and wake up Senpai with a kiss like I promised. Then we eat the dorayaki from Yamanouchi and talk about all sorts of things. We sleep together in bed until morning arrives. It's fine that I went to work alone today, leaving Senpai behind to rest, but... I wonder why the nurses station is abuzz again... Maybe it's because the head nurse has been here since morning. Everyone else in the nurses station is restlessly staring at the head nurse and the Chief.
Hatsumi: "I have an announcement to make before the morning report. Come on in!"
The Chief calls out from the entrance. Lo and behold, the person who timidly enters is--
Kaori: "Senpai?!"
...Senpai, who's supposed to be in my room because she has today off.
Tokiwa: "It's Nagisa Fujisawa who had been working hard with us until just recently. Otsuka got her back for us from the surgical ward."
Applause erupts from everyone present. Of course, I clap as hard as I can, too.
Tokiwa: "We are thrilled to have skilled personnel such as Fujisawa rejoining our ranks. Fujisawa, would you care to say a word?"
Senpai nods, tears already misting her eyes. Obviously, I'm getting teary-eyed, too.
Nagisa: "I...I learned just how useless I am as a nurse and how naive I was after changing...wards."
Senpai is getting choked up. You can do it!
Nagisa: "The basics of being a nurse are the same in both the internal medicine ward and the surgical ward."
Nagisa: "but I had personally looked down on the internal medicine ward... I believe...that's why I never grew as a nurse."
The tear she shed streaks down Senpai's cheek.
Nagisa: "From now on, I would like to learn things all over again here as a new nurse without superficially judging them. So I hope you will all give me guidance along the way."
Another round of applause erupts for Senpai after she bows her head. She bashfully wipes away her tears.
Kaori: "Senpai!"
Moved to tears, I leap at Senpai, throwing my arms around her.
Kaori: "I'm so glad I get to work with you again, Senpai!"
Nagisa: "...Sawai...I'm a new nurse just like you this time, so it's weird for you to call me senpai."
Kaori: "No, it's not! You'll always be the senpai I look up to, Senpai!"
Nagisa: "S-Sawai!"
Kaori: "Senpai!"
I tightly embrace Senpai and she tightly squeezes me back.
Yasuko: "I've loved you since high school, Sawai... Can I call you Kaori instead?"
Yasuko: "I feel the same way about you, too, Senpai... I have eyes for nothing else!"
Yasuko: "Ooh, Kaori! My adorable Kaori!"
Yasuko: "I love you, Senpai! Hold me tight...aaaah, tighter, tighter...!"
Yasuko: "Owwie!"
Hatsumi: "I would like to start the morning reports soon. Can you spare a moment?"
Yamanouchi had been dubbing our embrace behind us, earning a record smack to the head from the Chief. Good grief, she never learns...
Hatsumi: "Now then, since you've all gathered here I would like to officially begin the morning reports."
A comforting tension comes over the nurses station with the Chief's usual tone of voice. I glance over at Senpai. Our eyes meet......We exchange a smile with our eyes, then hastily return to noting down the morning report's information on night shifts. A week has passed since Senpai came back to our ward. They have since discovered the hazing toward new nurses in the surgical ward, creating a huge problem involving the entire hospital. The surgical ward's head nurse and chief were fired to take responsibility for the problem. They're now conducting a real investigation into it. Internal medicine's Chief Otsuka spearheaded the investigation, so now she's in the difficult position of not only being responsible for the internal medicine ward, but also taking charge of the surgical ward. Internal medicine's head nurse seems to be helping her out, but she concurrently serves as the outpatient ward's head nurse, too, and doesn't have the time for the surgical ward. As for Senpai's bullies, the majority have resigned or were transferred to the home nursing station. The surgical ward currently has even more temporary and part-time nurses than the internal medicine ward and seems incredibly chaotic as a result. Although Senpai is back now, with internal medicine's chief always absent and Yamanouchi serving as her representative of sorts, we're kept busy because we're so short staffed. It's so bad I can rarely take a break sometimes. It won't be long before the Chief's old junior comes to Yurigahama to serve as the new surgical ward chief, so this chaos is only temporary! Nurses from the surgical and internal medicine wards have banded together and are working hard toward the same cause.
Nagisa: "Sawai, did you finish checking the prescription sheets for next week? Regular prescriptions are due by 3 p.m. today."
Kaori: "Oh no! Sorry, I'll get started on it now."
Nagisa: "For heaven's sake, get your head in the game! I'll never be able to quit being a preceptor if you keep this up."
Kaori: "Aw, guess I'll zone out some more if it means you won't stop being my preceptor, Senpai."
Nagisa: "...I'll punch you if you actually mean that."
Kaori: "Eep... You're so cold, Senpai."
The Chief entrusted Senpai with the role of being my preceptor again. I heard Senpai turned it down at first, but the Chief apparently persuaded her by saying it'd be best for us to grow and learn together. Senpai whines that she doesn't like bearing the heavy responsibility of preceptor, but I think she's suited for guiding her juniors whether she admits it or not. She's a skilled teacher after all....I'm always being scolded, though.
Nagisa: "So this is what they mean when they say you're so busy it makes your head spin. It feels like I've only blinked and it's time for the next report. "
Nagisa: I think my head is going to spin right off my neck."
Kaori: "But isn't it satisfying?!"
Nagisa: "...It can be."
As for Miss Sakai, a donor was successfully found and it's been decided that she'll be transferred to the university hospital at the start of next week. I've become even busier since I've been put in charge of handling her hospital transfer....But being busy kind of makes me happy. Who knew how happy I'd be having Senpai at my side and getting to work together? Miss Sakai is going to be transferred to the other hospital today. Being considerate of Miss Sakai who says she's too embarrassed to have an escort, we see her off from the hallway.
Sayuri: "If I survive, I'll return to nursing school and choose Yurigahama as the hospital I apply to after graduation for you."
Nagisa: "Good grief! Where do you get off acting high and mighty?! You aren't doing it ‘for us’ -- you should be asking us to please let you come here!"
Senpai is upset because she doesn't like the way Miss Sakai looks down on others.
Sayuri: "This hospital's lack of staff is a grave problem. I'm quite concerned whether you people would be capable of training me into a proper nurse after graduation."
Nagisa: "Gah! You cocky little--!"
Sayuri: "I've merely stated the facts. You people only possess the skill and knowledge capable of making a student such as myself uneasy. You disgust me."
Kaori: "Aaaah! No fighting on this important day...!"
Nagisa: "You piss me off! Why don't you have them fix that rotten personality of yours along with your organs?!"
Hatsumi: "Miss Fujisawa, watch your tongue with the patients. You have also crossed the line, Miss Sakai."
They both go quiet at the Chief's scolding. Miss Sakai and Senpai's personalities clash, but they're kind of similar to each other...I think.
Kaori: "...I'll be waiting for you."
Miss Sakai looks at me after I said that. Then she snorts!
Sayuri: "...You really are a masochist, huh?"
Kaori: "Excuse me?!"
Sayuri: "Very well. Since you so deeply desire my teasing, I will overcome my treatment like my life depends on it!"
Nagisa: "Hey!"
Yasuko: "Yippee! Now we've got a powerful member on our team! I'm totally lookin' forward to when you graduate!"
Nagisa: "Oh no! Not you, too, Yamanouchi!"
Sayuri: "Yes, that's just how I want it! Be ready to take me on after I graduate, Miss Fujisawa...and Miss Sawai!"
The elevator finally comes. Miss Sakai boards the elevator through the open doors.
Sayuri: "I now have something to look forward to after I return to school and graduate. Hehehehe... I'm excited for it -- really."
Miss Sakai is strong. I'm sure she will be just fine. We were able to find a nearly impossible donor, so I'm certain she'll overcome the painful recovery process, too!
Nagisa: "That girl will be fine. I bet you even the grim reaper will run with his tail between his legs with how easily she hurls insults like that."
Chief frowns unhappily at Senpai's comment. She seems to have reacted to the word ‘grim reaper.’
Nagisa: "She's going to get a power boost and absolutely come back a thousand times stronger for it! We've gotta work hard not to lose to her!"
Kaori: "...Good point!"
Yeah, Senpai's right. Miss Sakai will definitely be okay.
Hatsumi: "Okay, ladies, return to work. Miss Sakai isn't the only patient."
Yasuko: "Miss Sakai ain't the only annoying patient, either."
Hatsumi: "...Yamanouchi!"
The Chief's eyebrows sharply draw up at Yamanouchi's remark. I exchange looks with Senpai and we giggle together.
Kaori: "Then let's commence the congratulatory party for finding a donor for Miss Sakai!"
Nagisa: "Seems kind of strange to do with her gone."
Kaori: "Don't worry about it! It's a matter of how we feel!"
Nagisa: "Well, I don't care as long as I get to drink. With that said, cheers!"
Kaori: "Yay! Cheers!"
Tonight we're drinking at home for the first time in a while. It's to celebrate being done with the strain of Miss Sakai's hospital transfer, but I'm glad Senpai happily joined in. Senpai downs a whole bottle in a flash and reaches out for the second bottle, only to suddenly withdraw her hand.
Kaori: "What's the matter? Don't want another drink?"
Nagisa: "I do... But I want to properly apologize first...so I stopped."
Senpai sits up straight facing me.
Kaori: "...Senpai?"
Nagisa: "I am really so incredibly sorry about using phone calls and text messages to scare and torment you...!"
Senpai deeply bows her head to me.
Kaori: "Hold on -- Please don't do that!"
Nagisa: "I want to put an end to this once and for all. So please let me apologize to you for real."
Senpai's straightforward gaze-- This part of her hasn't changed one bit since high school. She's the same Senpai I loved.
Nagisa: "I wasn't trying to scare you at first. It's just that I was so happy you were depending on me..."
Nagisa: "But it gradually escalated. Especially when I was transferred to the surgical ward and you became the only person on my side..."
Nagisa: "...Thinking about it now, I think I was becoming sick in the head. I made everything that wasn't going well with work other people's fault -- I didn't even try to face reality."
Nagisa: "I thought I wasn't acknowledged in internal medicine because it wasn't the ward I wanted to work for. But I wasn't recognized by the surgical ward after going there, either."
Nagisa: "You know, I was envious of you, Sawai. You're doted on wherever you go, but the same didn't apply to me..."
Nagisa: "...But the thing is, I finally figured it out. I lacked honesty and straightforwardness. That's why I couldn't become like you."
Kaori: "Senpai..."
Nagisa: "When the Chief told me to come back to internal medicine and scolded me for my misunderstanding, I realized for the first time that I can't be anyone other than myself."
Nagisa: "I realized that even if I tried to be like you, I could never be you... I'm an idiot, aren't I? It's such an obvious thing, too."
Nagisa: "That's why...I'll try my best being ‘me’ from now on. To be the Senpai you idolize!"
Nagisa: "...I'm in no position to ask this of you, but could you please not...hate me?"
Kaori: "Senpai!"
Letting my excitement get the better of me, I lunge toward Senpai and tightly hug her.
Kaori: "I'd never hate you! I love you, Senpai!"
Kaori: "And please don't apologize, either! I've also done plenty of insensitive things to you, too!"
Nagisa: "...Sawai."
Kaori: "Also...would you be willing to hear my secret?"
Senpai firmly nods. I confess the secret to her that I've never told anyone else. I tell her about how I was in a big accident as a child. About how I barely remember what happened then. I tell her how I think I became afraid of men around then even though I don't remember what happened during the accident.
Nagisa: "I see, I didn't know that..."
Kaori: "While my head knows I shouldn't kick up such a fuss over it, I can't help being terribly afraid of men and the dark..."
Nagisa: "I didn't know anything about your past trauma, but I had a hunch you were afraid of men. And I used that to harass you like that..."
Nagisa: "...I really am the worst of the worst... I'm so sorry."
Kaori: "It's fine now. What's done is done and it won't happen again. Right, Senpai?"
Nagisa: "Sawai..."
Senpai tightly hugs me.
Nagisa: "...You might not believe me, but my desire to protect you back then was real. I'll be sure to protect you this time."
Nagisa: "...I might act the way I do, but the truth is that I've always loved you, Sawai. Ever since high school..."
Nagisa: "...You don't hate me even when I say something like this...?"
My chest squeezes at her gaze wavering with uneasiness.
Kaori: "...I won't hate you."
I flatly declare.
Kaori: "Because I...feel the same about you, Senpai..."
Nagisa: "Sawai..."
Senpai's hands gently caress my cheeks. I feel her breath against my lips. I abruptly stop her lips with my index finger.
Nagisa: "Sawai?"
She's looking at me with rounded eyes. I flash a grin at her.
Kaori: "Before we get to the good stuff...will you quit calling me Sawai already?"
Nagisa: "What...?"
Red flushes her cheeks once she understands what I want.
Nagisa: "Um... O-Okay...Kaori?"
Kaori: "Leave the uncertainty out of your voice at the end there."
Nagisa: "...Grr, you're so willful, Kaori!"
Senpai giggles for me.
Kaori: "I'm that way because you spoil me, Senpai. So I plan on taking complete advantage of that."
Nagisa: "You're too cute, Kaori..."
Kaori: "Senpai..."
Nagisa: "...Are you sure I'm good enough for you?"
She's still anxious even though we're in the middle of a gentle kiss, so I flash her a smile.
Kaori: "You're good enough for me. You're more than good enough...because you're you."
A single tear streaks down Senpai's cheek.
Nagisa: "Sawai! Er, I mean, Kaori!"
Kaori: "Senpai!"
We tightly embrace each other.
Nagisa: "Let's do our best together from now on!"
Senpai pulls her lips away, but she's still close enough for our breath to touch when she softly smiles at me.
Kaori: "Definitely! We'll be together forever, Senpai!!"
====================scr00812.kgo====================
I quickly toss together breakfast and plop it on two plates. I pour ketchup on the scrambled eggs. Oh, I should just go ahead and use it to draw a heart. By the time I finish drawing a passionate red heart on the vividly yellow scrambled egg portion of the plate, I can smell the delicious scent of toasted bread.
Kaori: "All right, it's done. Now then, one job left to do."
Before my eyes is Senpai sound asleep on the bed. Two years have passed since then. We're still living in the dorms, spending our lives traveling between each other's rooms. Though, if I'm being perfectly honest, it's more like Senpai's settled in my room on most days than us visiting each other's rooms. And so, making breakfasts for us both every morning has completely become my routine. I've also made it a routine to do this every day, too--
Kaori: "Senpai, breakfast is ready!"
Nagisa: "Mnn... It's morning already?"
Senpai finally opens her eyes after I shake her several times. I press my hand against her forehead, getting a ticklish giggle out of her. I have to check and make sure she doesn't have a fever, because she's the type to push herself to the brink the more people expect of her and develop a fever as a result. She looks so relaxed and comfortable. The healing hands Senpai envied so much are gone. Perhaps the ‘healing hands' had something to do with the girl in those dreams I stopped having, but since she never told me anything, I still don’t know the answer. But...I currently believe it's okay that I don't know. Because... Senpai is with me right now, telling me my hands, that don't have anything special about them anymore, feel good. Without the ability I had through my healing hands, I lost the convenience of healing Senpai's fever through just touching her. But I never knew how amazing it would feel to be accepted without any strings attached...
Kaori: "Senpai, you had to work overtime yesterday, right? What time did you get home at? I didn't notice you come in at all."
Nagisa: "Hmm...around three in the morning, I think...? Yesterday's operation patient ended up needing a second operation..."
That's right, once Senpai returned to internal medicine she started exceptionally distinguishing herself from the rest. She was scouted by the new surgical ward chief nurse once she became a capable nurse and took up work in the surgical ward again. According to Chief Otsuka, Senpai is the type to start slow, but once she gets past a certain point, her growth skyrockets. She also said she's the type who grows stronger once she's used to things. And she's being doted on by the new surgical ward chief, putting Senpai on the path to becoming an amazingly capable nurse! That's my awesome Senpai and girlfriend for you! My informant Yamanouchi mentioned she might become a chief nurse next year or the year after that, too. As for Yamanouchi herself... She's still as busy as ever running around working in the chaotic vortex known as our internal medicine ward. Head Nurse Tokiwa reached retirement last year and Chief Otsuka took over her position while concurrently holding the chief position, making her life as difficult as ever. With her back to the wall, the Chief asked Yamanouchi to take over the chief position, but was instantly shot down with, "I don't wanna do somethin' so annoying."
From what I hear, she was afraid she'd chase her away from this hospital if she was too pushy, so the Chief has stopped trying to make Yamanouchi the next chief....As for my third year-- I'm a-okay not depending on my missing healing hands now. I'm studying hard and am in the middle of polishing my skills as a nurse as I steadily gain experience! The chaotic days when I didn't know my left from right are now just a nostalgic memory -- just kidding! Senpai was always with me back then, but now she's not. Our hearts are connected even if we're not together, so I'm not lonely. Besides, Senpai has really come to shine since joining the surgical ward, and I honestly think it's a good thing.
Kaori: "...Sounds rough."
Nagisa: "But I've got the day shift today, so I can't rest! *Sniffle*"
Silly, Senpai, pretending to cry with that spoiled voice.
Kaori: "Okay, okay. Time for the usual good luck charm then. Here's a good morning kiss to bring you energy... *Kiss*!"
Senpai's eyes instantly snap open.
Nagisa: "...All right! I've finished recharging my batteries, I think I can work hard again today!"
Kaori: "Oh, you! You're so silly, Senpai."
It's recently become a routine for me to make Senpai's breakfast when I make mine....That's fine and all, but...
Kaori: "...Um, Senpai? I've...wanted to ask you about this for a while."
I look around the room as I wash down my toast with tea.
Kaori: "I feel like my room is gradually becoming encroached with your stuff. Why is that?"
Nagisa: "Because it's inconvenient not to have my stuff when I return here at night and leave from here in the morning."
Kaori: "That's the problem right there! I want to know why you never return to your own room!"
Nagisa: "How could you, Kaori?! Are you telling me to return to that lonely room and sleep all by myself after I come home exhausted from work?"
Kaori: "That's not it! ...And anyway, your room is cleaner than mine!"
Nagisa: "This room is still full of boxes, huh? That mountain of boxes ended up becoming never opened cardboard. Aha! It's like the set of a horror movie or something, ahaha!"
Senpai is laughing without a care. I wonder if I've spoiled her too much? Okay, it's time to get her back!
Kaori: "This isn't a laughing matter, you know? Listen to me well, okay? Once the last of those boxes is opened, you'll lose the space you take up."
Nagisa: "Noo, Kaori, don't let me lose that space! You mustn't open the unopened boxes from now on, either!"
Senpai cuddles up to me for attention. Every morning we go to work is like this.
Kaori: "Aaah. I'd love to sleep in your room sometime!"
Nagisa: "Oh boy, that's a bold declaration! Who knew you wanted to sleep with me so badly?!"
Kaori: "I didn't say that. You aren't collapsing under how busy you are, right?"
Senpai wipes the toast crumbs on her lips and gives me a suggestive look.
Nagisa: "...By the way, Kaori, want to buy a bigger bed soon? I'll pay for half of it."
This suggestion of hers has come with almost every breakfast.
Kaori: "My room will be nothing but bed if we put a bigger one in it!"
I swiftly turn my head aside and reject it. I mean, if we bought a bigger bed, I won't be able to sleep clinging to Senpai anymore. I don't want that! She should understand my maiden heart's desire to sleep snuggled up to my love! Sheesh, Senpai's such a dullard! We hectically get ready for work together, leave the dorm together, and walk the roads we're used to commuting by. The only difference from usual is that both of us are wearing our white nurse's uniforms.
Nagisa: "It's such a pain stopping by the dressing room to change.
Nagisa: "We live close to the hospital and it shortens the time we take at work, so they should really let those of us who live at the dorms skip the changing rooms!"
I restlessly scan our surroundings while I walk beside Senpai who's casually strutting around in her white nurse's uniform.
Kaori: "I-I-If the Ch-Chief sees us doing this, she'll--!"
Nagisa: "Don't! Worry! About it! Internal medicine's Chief Otsuka is inside the ward at this time! She's a really diligent person, huh?"
Senpai boldly walks the streets. It's not fair when I'm this terrified!
Nagisa: "Oh yeah, Kaori, you wore your uniform from the dorms on your first day of work, too. You were so cute with your ignorant bliss!"
Kaori: "Boo! Please forget about that! It's ancient history!!"
I remember what happened on my first day and sullenly turn my face away. Senpai chuckles.
Nagisa: "That reminds me, we've reached the season of new nurses again."
Kaori: "That's true. You really looked after me during that time. It's almost nostalgic to me now."
I heartily think back on it. Back then my days were full of the unknown and constant studying, which was really hard for me. The difficulty level hasn't changed much with the new part-timers and temporary workers, and the difficult patients I'm entrusted with.
Nagisa: "...You might not be able to call it nostalgic for long, you know?"
Kaori: "...Why not?"
Senpai looks at me with mischievous eyes.
Nagisa: "I heard that girl was hired by the internal medicine ward. It seems like they went with her preference for the decision."
Who is "that girl"...? For that matter, Senpai's current expression is...
Kaori: "By that girl...do you mean--!"
Nagisa: "Sounds like her transplant went well enough to return to school and she successfully graduated and went on to become a nurse this year."
Kaori: "......"
That girl's' face pops into my head.
Nagisa: "She's a skilled nurse, so internal medicine and surgery fought over her, but her strong preferences played in at the end letting internal medicine win the bid for her."
That girl has actually always been on my mind. I mean, she was the first patient I was ever put in charge of.
Nagisa: "Our Chief interviewed her, but it seems her personality's only grown sharper, so internal medicine might have it rough come April."
Strong emotions slowly rise from deep within my chest.
Nagisa: "You'll have to work hard not to get teased, Senpai."
The days spent with ‘that girl’ rush back to me. We first met in the outpatient ward, and boy did she let me have it. She humiliated me from the day she was admitted to the hospital, scolding me to knock first and asking me if I'd even studied. And I'm so glad her transplant succeeded. I'm also overjoyed I'll get to see her again. But...
Kaori: "Senpai, please comfort me later if I end up getting teased."
Nagisa: "There's no hope for you, Kaori."
Everything before my eyes hasn't changed, but there's so much that has. Including me... I softly lay my hand on my chest. I can no longer hear the voice that called for me. Nobody shows up in my dreams anymore, either. I've also lost my healing hands.
Nagisa: "Kaori? C'mon, let's go!"
Senpai grins at me and takes my hand. I've lost the ability to heal everyone, but that's okay with me. The desire to heal everyone will never leave me. Plus, I'm polishing up on my skills and knowledge to make that desire come true....I don't need the healing hands anymore. Besides, Senpai is now here to heal me like this all the time. Yup, Senpai's hands are the healing hands in my life. I'll become the healing hands meant only for her, too.
Nagisa: "Okay, we'll be late for real if we don't hurry!"
Kaori: "Oh no! I'll be in for another scolding by the Chief if I'm late!"
       Cherry blossom petals ride on the warm spring breeze        and softly dance through the air.      We secretly bring our faces closer, our cheeks closer,      in the cover of the fluttering downpour of      cherry blossom petals--         We smile at each other after the blissful,         soft touch.     Then we join hands once again     and hurry off together.     Our destination is our stations inside     our respective wards inside     Yurigahama General Hospital!   We're headed to the location where Senpai and I,   as well as everyone else in nurse uniforms, will be!
====================scr00821.kgo====================
I never did get contacted by Senpai yesterday. She doesn't want to see my face anymore, huh? That was shocking to hear, but... But if I think about her feelings, it makes sense she'd say that...
Kaori: "*Sigh*..."
I set one foot inside the nurses station. Both Head Nurse Tokiwa and the Chief are together, which is unusual. My heart trembles with an unsettling premonition over the imposing mood.
Tokiwa: "I have something to discuss with everyone before the morning report."
My feet become rooted to the ground in a jerky stop. Stop...I'm in for a shock if I hear this... Every fiber of my being is screaming at me. But my legs won't move...! My fingers, my arms, and my entire body won't move, keeping me from even being able to cover my ears!
Tokiwa: "Miss Fujisawa fell from the rooftop of this very hospital yesterday."
Kaori: "...!!"
Tokiwa: "Fortunately, she's still alive, but she's yet to regain consciousness."
Tokiwa: "The on-site inspection conducted by the police brought them to the conclusion she was trying to commit suicide by jumping to her death. "
Tokiwa: "The hospital has not tried to contend that her jump was an attempt at suicide."
The head nurse's voice sounds so distant. She tried to commit suicide by jumping to her death...? Who did? Senpai did...?
Tokiwa: "We just received word that questioning will be conducted inside the internal medicine ward today."
Tokiwa: "It will interrupt your work, but please make sure you all cooperate."
Tokiwa: "Furthermore, I'm sure you all already know this, but you are forbidden from speaking of the matter to unrelated parties."
Head Nurse Tokiwa is saying something else in the distance, but I can't hear a thing. Senpai tried to commit suicide by jumping to her death...? How can that be...? My head is spinning. I try going up the stairs to the rooftop during lunch break. But not only has the door been locked, it now has solid chains blocking everyone from entering.
Yasuko: "Sawai! Don't ya zone out on me. Let's go to lunch!"
Kaori: "......"
Kaori: "*Sigh*..."
I've only laid my lunch on my lap. I haven't even opened the lid. I wonder what thoughts Senpai had that made her jump off the roof... The more I think about it, the more depressed I become.
Sayuri: "Honestly, what are you doing?! Aren't you in the middle of work? Please do your job the right way!"
Kaori: "...Ah, right, sorry..."
Sayuri: "The cops wouldn't be necessary if problems were solved with sorry! For that matter, you're so..."
Miss Sakai is still going on about something... I know I'll make her even angrier if I don't listen, but I can't get myself to listen to what she's saying... I sit through police questioning as well....But I can't understand what the cops are saying and don't remember what I've said too well, either....I wonder what happened to Senpai?
Kaori: "...Senpai..."
I mutter her name on top of my bed. I'm starting to lose sense of whether I'm confused or just became an idiot.
Kaori: "......"
Huh? What was that sound?
???: "Miss Sawai? You're in there, aren't you?"
That voice...who does it belong to again...?
???: "Sorry, I'm going to use the master key to open the door!"
Hatsumi: "...At least answer if you're here."
Chief Otsuka is looking down at me.
Kaori: "...Sorry..."
Hatsumi: "...I'm not trying to scold you here. Well, whatever, it's fine if you're okay."
The Chief sits beside me. The bed sinks and my body inclines forward. I naturally end up leaning on the Chief...but I don't feel like moving away.
Hatsumi: "Fujisawa regained consciousness."
Kaori: "!!"
I'm shocked by the Chief's news. She's dangling something white in front of me. She places a convenience store bag on top of my lap.
Hatsumi: "...Fujisawa asked me to return this to you. This is something you bought, right?"
The beer and box of candy I bought are peeking out of the bag. It's the nostalgic candy Senpai bought for me back in high school saying it's a new product.
Kaori: "......"
Tears gush from my eyes. Senpai didn't accept the gift from me...
Hatsumi: "Fujisawa told me she wants to resign. The hospital plans to wait until after she's discharged, but...I'm sure she won't be coming back to work."
Hatsumi: "It was my mistake transferring her to the Surgical Ward... Yet another nurse is leaving the nursing field."
The Chief's words sound distant to me.   "You're the worst!    I don't want to see you ever again!"
I can't believe those were the last words I exchanged with Senpai...           "It's been a while, Sawai!"
   "I'll treat you to a bunch today, Sawai,    so cheep cheep with me!"
             ".......!!"
   "It'll wipe your fears away and make you sleep well."
    "Hey, Sawai? ...Is your heart...racing?"
How did it come to this when we had so much trust in each other...? Why couldn't I save Senpai?
Kaori: "......."
I lightly touch my finger to my lips. I feel like the feeling of our last kiss still lingers there....I'm the one who pushed Senpai's back to the wall... The Senpai whose eyes sparkled as she spoke of her aspirations to become a nurse during high school is no longer here. She's nowhere to be found. I broke her...
Hatsumi: "...What will you do?"
The Chief's hard gaze pierces right through me. It seems to be kindly wrapping me up at the same time... I... The turned away convenience store bag catches my eye.
Kaori: "I..."
I tightly clench my hands into fists. I straighten from where I was leaning on the Chief.
Kaori: "...I won't quit."
Senpai's dreams from back then... They'll disappear if I don't continue them. I will continue her dreams as the person who crushed them. I roughly wipe away the falling tears.
Kaori: "I will aim to become the nurse Senpai wanted to be."
Yes, I'll do it in her stead. I'll become the nurse she wanted to be in the ward she's no longer at. I'll seal away this love.
====================scr00831.kgo====================
Kaori: "Kanakura...?"
I don't really know how it happened, but Senpai woke up... I'm so glad she's recovered enough to go out! Whoops, I need to send her my response!
Kaori: "Time to respond, respond! Um, I'll go with, ‘I'll be right there.’ And sent!"
Ehehe! This has got to be a date with Senpai after not going out for a while! Ehehe! I'm so looking forward to this!              ...I open my eyes.              I can't see a thing.     Because my eyes are currently being covered.           I don't know where I am.   I can hear the occasional crash of waves in the distance.         It's an empty, unfamiliar room.      Oh...those familiar footsteps are...        Someone enters the room.         My favorite scent wafts toward me.
???: "Sorry for the wait."
I'm tightly embraced. Being wrapped in warmth makes the tension seep from my body.
???: "You must've been so lonely, huh? I've got tomorrow off, so let's spend it together. Okay?"
Kaori: "......."
I try to speak, but remember my throat hurts so much I can't. I give a firm nod. The chain attaching my neck to something makes a slight clanking noise. The person still hugging me tells me all about what happened "outside"
today.
???: "Something a bit worrisome happened."
???: "You know, the Chief seems to have contacted your parents' home. The internal medicine ward's nurses station is in an uproar now."
Kaori: "......."
Internal medicine's nurses station...
???: "Seems like Yamanouchi suspects me. She even went out of her way to come to the surgical ward and ask where you were."
Yamanouchi...
???: "I tricked her, of course, but...things might get hairy. That woman and the Chief are oddly perceptive."
???: "Oh, but there's nothing for you to worry about, Kaori. We can be together forever as long as you do exactly as I say, okay?"
Kaori: "......."
???: "I love you, my Kaori..."
She gives me a sweet kiss. It's a gentle kiss from the person I love and adore. What should I do? I know I should run away. I logically understand this lifestyle is bad for me. But I want to be with Senpai forever. I want to stay this way with her forever...
Kaori: "...Ah."
I suddenly regain consciousness. I open my eyes, but my surroundings are too blurry to make anything out. Those footsteps are......I feel like I had a very long dream...
???: "You were sleeping? Sorry for waking you."
That person gently holds me up, acting as if I'm something easily breakable and like nothing has changed. I can hear the clank of a chain at my feet.
Kaori: "...I had a very happy...dream..."
My voice isn't coming out right. Only a barely audible, hoarse voice comes from my throat that was burned by the drug. But my desire to convey my feelings helps me string words together. The lingering memory of my dream makes my body feel like it's on clouds. The chain attached to my legs is still there. I wouldn't go anywhere if this wasn't here, though. Besides, my legs have grown too weak to run anywhere. Um...isn't this what they call muscle atrophy? Yeah, that's the right word, but this is a tad different... But this is what they call disuse syndrome. Cold hands touch my forehead and gently brush my cheeks....Now that I think about it, how long has it been since I moved to this room with Senpai? I heard my family put in a missing person's report with the police, but I wonder what happened after that?
Nagisa: "Your fever just won't go down, Kaori..."
Kaori: "I can withstand a fever like this just fine...I get them all the time."
Senpai is all that's in front of my darkened vision. I can no longer see anything other than her.
Kaori: "Senpai... I want to be with you forever and ever..."
I reach out my arms. Senpai tightly embraces me.
Nagisa: "I feel the same way, Kaori."
Nagisa: "We'll be together forever from now on. I can do my best no matter how hard things get because I have you."
Nagisa: "My one and only Kaori is waiting for me to get home from work. Just knowing that revitalizes me."
Kaori: "I'm glad... I love you, Senpai."
She rains gentle kisses on me.
Nagisa: "I love you, Kaori..."
Kaori: "...I love you, too, Senpai."
We love each other. It was against my wishes to be locked away at first, but now I'm very happy. Senpai is my everything. And I'm Senpai's everything. Senpai only has eyes for me. And all I have to do is just have eyes for her. A world made up of just us is right here. Yet...I'm so sorry, Senpai... This room is too dark, I'm having a hard time making out your face... My fingertips are numb, my senses have gone far away, and I'm having a hard time enjoying your precious kisses...
Nagisa: "Will you stay here with me forever?"
I hear Senpai's voice in the distance.
Kaori: "Please let me stay here with you forever."
Nagisa: "I love you, Kaori..."
Kaori: "I love you...with all my heart, too..."
      Did I get the words out all right?   Did I convey my feelings to Senpai?           I love you, Senpai.      But...please let me...sleep now.              Just for a bit...  I'll return to my normal, healthy self after a bit of sleep.     Let's kiss a lot once I wake up,     Senpai...      Good night...until then...
====================scr00851.kgo====================
My heart pounded a bit, but we managed to get to the hospital from the dorm without anyone questioning us. I turn to Senpai beside me, and she winks as if to say, ‘see, that wasn't so bad.’ How many times have I walked from the dorm all the way to the ward with Senpai like this now? And I'm sure we'll be able to keep on going to work together, too! ...But we can only stay together until we get to the stairs.
Nagisa: "See you! Let's do our best today!"
Kaori: "Let's! I'll make sure to make you proud of...uwah?!"
???: "Gettin' all over each other in the stairway first thing in the mornin'? Have some decency, y'all. You're gonna make all the singles among us real hurt!"
After feeling someone tackle me in my back, someone grabs my head from behind.
Kaori: "Ugah?!"
Yasuko: "It's real good that the internal medicine and surgical wards get along. If they didn't, y'all would be a real Romeo and Juliet pair."
Nagisa: "If that were the case, Kaori and I would make the wards get along again!"
Kaori: "Whuh..."
Yasuko: "Hoh-hoh! Ya talkin' an awful big game there, Horseysawa!"
Nagisa: "Hmph! Didn't I tell you to quit calling me that?!"
Kaori: "Owwwie..."
Yasuko: "Well if ya didn't go hmph hmph so much, maybe I wouldn't hafta! Ya got a problem with it, then fix yer little catchphrase!"
Kaori: "Ahhh, quit noogying me! It really hurts!"
Yasuko: "I reckon we have two horses here now! Whoa girlie!"
Kaori: "That doesn't even make sense! And I won't let you bully Senpai!"
Yasuko: "Whoa...Sawai, you're gonna be a third year from today, you ain't got no business sayin' stuff that cute!"
Nagisa: "Kaori...I'm glad to hear that, and this is hard for me to say, but..."
Nagisa: "If you don't get to the third floor, Chief Otsuka's probably going to start breathing fire."
Kaori: "Uwah?! S-Senpai, I'll see you later! Ahh, if the Chief chews me out, Yamanouchi, it's totally your fault!"
Yasuko: "Don't talk, move!"
Kaori: "Good morning!"
Yasuko: "Wow, Sawai, yer runnin' into the nurses station like a rookie or somethin'."
Kaori: "Huh?!"
Wait a minute, I wasn't the only one who ran into the station, right?! Yamanouchi, you did the exact same thing, didn't you?!
???: "...*Sigh*"
Hatsumi: "...Yamanouchi, that's enough teasing Sawai."
Kaori: "Wait. Wait, what are...?!"
The Chief looks exasperated, Yamanouchi is sneering away, and behind the Chief is...!
Sayuri: "Should I say I'm pleased to see you haven't changed? Be baffled at your usual ridiculousness? I'm afraid I can't find the words."
Yasuko: "I think ya should just laugh it off."
Hatsumi: "All right, enough banter. We have the part timers and night shifters, so we'll begin morning reports a little early."
Hatsumi: "...But before that, I'd like to introduce the newest member of the team."
Hatsumi: "I'm sure many of us know her, but some staff that don't are here, so...Sakai, please introduce yourself."
With that, Sakai herself takes a step forth from behind the Chief. She's more calm than any newbie has the right to be, and she's quietly looking around at all of us.
Sayuri: "My name is Sayuri Sakai. I was a patient treated at this hospital years ago, and now I can finally return the favor."
Sayuri: "I fear that my lack of experience will lead me to make trouble for this team, but I humbly request everyone's teaching and counsel."
Kaori: "...Sakai..."
I went to the surgical ward and heard this from Senpai -- who's become very in the know about the happenings in the wards -- but...she actually came...!
Yasuko: "Well, out of respect for that perfect self-introduction, April 1st's work is done! Good job, everybody, let's head on home!"
Kaori: "Hwah?!"
Sayuri: "Work is...finished...?"
Sakai's eyes go wide with surprise. Wow, I didn't know she could make that kind of expression... On the other hand, the Chief is glaring at Yamanouchi with her brow furrowed.
Hatsumi: "...Yamanouchi, are you abandoning your duties?"
Yasuko: "O-Oh, hey, no way! That was just a cute little April Fool's joke!"
Hatsumi: "It was hard to tell that that was a joke. Now, let's begin with morning reports...and Sakai, do stay there and listen."
Sayuri: "R-Right..."
I put my bag down at my feet and pull out my notes in preparation to listen to the morning reports while the Chief and Yamanouchi go at their routine. With preparations done, I take a look at Sakai. She seems taken aback. Boy, do I understand how that feels! I can't help but grin a bit, remembering how things were for me two years ago. After morning reports are finished, I go out to change diapers with Sakai, under the Chief's orders. We head to room 301 first -- the intensive care room.
Kaori: "Good morning, Mr. Toshiru!"
Sayuri: "M-Mr. Toshiru... That's the Mr. Toshiru that was in the big room, right...?"
She timidly asks me.
Kaori: "Yeah...he went to an institution for a while, but he got hit with meta and came back."
I quickly chance Mr. Toshiru's diaper as he sleeps.
Sayuri: "Meta...metastasis? His cancer moved?"
Kaori: "We've got the right amount of opioids in him now, so he's been doing nothing but sleeping lately, but...when he first came back, he was calling himself a soldier."
Kato: "Oh? Hey, miss, you're..."
Sayuri: "Mr. Kato?!"
That's Sakai for you -- she was only in the hospital for about three months, but she's remembered the big room patients' names and faces!
Kato: "Well, things happened like you said they would. I'm going to go on dialysis."
Sayuri: "...I told you...I told you you'd regret it..."
Sakai is speaking with Mr. Kato. I don't want to interrupt their emotional reunion, so I move onto the next patient, Mr. Toi.
Kaori: "Let's get you a clean diaper, Mr. Toi."
...Diaper changing puts a lot of pressure on your hips, so you want to perform it with another nurse most of the time, but...I can handle a bit by myself.
Sayuri: "I'm sorry, Sawai. I couldn't help chatting a little when I saw that familiar face."
Sakai comes back and smoothly assists me.
Kaori: "...You're pretty used to this. I almost don't believe you're new."
Sayuri: "All I thought about in school was what I should do to not weigh everyone down when I actually started working, so I practiced diaper changing quite a bit."
As usual, Sakai really is something...
Sayuri: "Although, I have to say...I'd prepared myself for it a little, but seeing someone you know back in the hospital and worse like this... It hurts."
Kaori: "It sure does..."
That's all I could say. We get back to the nurses station to find the Chief waiting for us.
Hatsumi: "Sawai, Sakai, please come over here."
Kaori: "Huh? But I was about to take her to check the IVs..."
Yasuko: "The part timers'll have a romantic trip checkin' the drip stands, so you two go over to the Chief."
Sayuri: "Romantic trip...?"
Kaori: "You really don't want to take Yamanouchi that seriously, trust me. Let's get going."
Hatsumi: "Sawai, you're now on your third year. I think you've been panicking much less when it comes to your duties, but what do you think?"
Kaori: "...Well...it's a little awkward to toot my own horn, but I feel a lot more comfortable on the night shift, too."
Hatsumi: "That's very reassuring to hear. That means I can assign you to be Sakai's preceptor."
I freeze up for a moment when I hear that.
Kaori: "...H-Her what?"
Hatsumi: "How about you, Sakai? Don't you just want to whip this Senpai into shape when you see how slow she is to react?"
Uwah?!
Sayuri: "If I'm allowed to make her cry."
Wait...what?! Sakai says that without a drop of hesitation, and the Chief simply smiles.
Hatsumi: "Feel free. If a first year makes a third year cry, it's that senior's fault."
Kaori: "Uwahh?! H-Hold on a minute, Chief! You're not on my side?!"
Hatsumi: "I wouldn't allow it if it were just bullying and abuse, but if it's invited by a lack of skill, I would welcome it. That's something you can control."
Kaori: "Hwah?!"
Sayuri: "In exchange for becoming Sawai's preceptee...I have a request of you, Chief, as imposing as this sounds."
Hatsumi: "And what might that be?"
Sayuri: "Please put me in charge of room 301."
Hatsumi: "..."
The Chief's expression turns neutral when she hears the unexpected request, and she simply looks at Sakai.
Sayuri: "Sawai seems to be an asset to the team by now, so if our preceptor and preceptee pair takes charge of room 301, I don't believe it would be a minus for the ward."
Hatsumi: "It wouldn't be a minus, but..."
Sayuri: "It's understandable, of course, that you would be worried about my lack of abilities, but..."
Hatsumi: "It's not that, Sakai. I'm not worried about your knowledge or skills. I simply..."
I understand the Chief's worry so much it hurts. Since the Chief is wrestling with her words, I explain in her stead.
Kaori: "That isn't what the Chief is worried about. She's worried that you seeing off patients you knew from when you were admitted might...be particularly hard on a first year..."
Sayuri: "......"
Hatsumi: "I know that you gave advice to Mr. Kato on how to handle his diabetes while you were a patient."
Hatsumi: "And you would know Mr. Toshiru and Mr. Toi as well, since they were in the big room at the same time. That's why I'm worried..."
Sayuri: "It's all right. Mr. Kato's diabetes had already become severe when we were in the hospital together..."
Sayuri: "...so I wasn't surprised when he told me he was going to go on dialysis."
Sayuri: "The same applies to Mr. Toi, and though I didn't want to believe it, I realized that Mr. Toshiru was in his final days after listening to the morning reports."
Sayuri: "...I'm making my request, knowing all of that."
Sakai's eyes are noble. Resolute. But...when she was speaking with Mr. Kato a while ago, they were wet with tears, weren't they...?
Hatsumi: "...Watching people you know go like that... It's a painful thing."
Sayuri: "If I wasn't prepared to do that, I wouldn't have come to Yurigahama."
Hatsumi: "I see..."
With a quiet sigh, the Chief nods.
Hatsumi: "If you're ready for what comes, then I have no reason to stop you. Sawai, do make sure you support her."
Kaori: "Yes, ma'am."
Sayuri: "Thank you very much. I am truly grateful you indulged this request of mine."
Sakai bows her head to the Chief. When I was a rookie, I wasn't nearly this prepared to deal with the gravity of my job... She REALLY is something... I go with Sakai to greet the patients we're now in charge of. Mr. Toshiru's asleep, but sometimes he'll open his eyes and say ‘I'll be there soon...' while facing the ceiling, so it doesn’t seem like he heard our greeting. Mr. Kato from the bed next to him has his head down embarrassedly.
Kato: "You used to yell at me about this all the time, huh? I thought I was taking it to heart, but...I guess I wasn't, at the end of the day..."
Kato: "Now here I am. Made my family cry...and even now, I look back and wish I'd just listened to you."
Sayuri: "Well...what happened, happened. I think you should just work to make sure things don't get worse."
Kato: "You're really strong. You were like that as a patient, too, right?"
Kato: "When you told me you'd take a risky treatment that could save you instead of living in fear that you might die tomorrow...that really hit me."
Kato: "I thought, a girl this young is living so strongly, but me...heh. And now, you're back."
Sayuri: "I am. And I'm back to let you know that even though you're on dialysis, that doesn't mean your life is over."
Kaori: "Yeah! Your daughter had a child, didn't she? You've got to have a long life for your grandchild!"
Kato: "...A grandkid, huh... My eyes aren't what they used to be, but..."
Sayuri: "You have no one to blame but yourself for that. And even if you can't see your grandchild, you can still hug them and make them feel loved."
N-No one to blame but himself...?!
Kato: "Harsh as usual, miss. But...you're right. Even if I can't see ‘em, I can still hug 'em and calm ’em down."
Sayuri: "You'll be able to change diapers with your eyes closed. People can overcome little inconveniences like that if they try."
Kato: "...You really are strong."
Sayuri: "Well, I did come back from the brink of death."
Since the conversation seems like it'll go on, I quietly dip away from them and look to the patient in the next bed.
Kaori: "Er, Mr. Toi's..."
He shows no sign of having opened his eyes, and his chest is quietly rising and falling. He had a heart attack at home and was discovered late, so he's still sleeping today... There's not much I can teach Sakai. After checking where all the supplies were placed, Sakai started reading past reports. I start writing my own, not wanting to interrupt her.
Sayuri: "...Sawai."
Kaori: "Hm?"
Sayuri: "I figured that knowing you, you wouldn't have grown much, if at all, but...you can write surprisingly good reports now."
...Is that a...compliment...?
Kaori: "Yeah, Senpai really hammered report writing into me."
Sayuri: "Ah, I hear she's been working hard down in surgery. I ran into her at a seminar last month."
Kaori: "A seminar?"
For a moment, she looked like she said something she shouldn't have.
Sayuri: "...I-I, uh, forgot I was told not to tell you that. Are you curious about her?"
Kaori: "W-Well, of course I am..."
Sayuri: "Then go ask her yourself."
It looks like she's still as acid tongued as ever. Sakai doesn't look like she's going to say anything else and goes back to reading patient reports. I let out a quiet sigh and try to get back to writing my own reports....At this rate, I wonder if we'll be able to work out? Senpai usually comes home a while after I do, but today, she's particularly late. There's a lot of overtime in the surgical ward due to how operations play out and post-op work, so I'm sure tonight's just one of those nights. Oh, she's back!
Nagisa: "I'm home!"
Kaori: "Welcome back, Senpai! You're--"
I fall speechless. Senpai's face is red as can be, and she looks smashed.
Kaori: "...Were you out drinking?"
Nagisa: "Yeah! I was thinkin' of calling you, but the conversation got so heated and I just...I just couldn't take it..."
Kaori: "....."
Senpai plops down right there in front of the door.
Nagisa: "I...I think I'm gonna..."
Kaori: "G-Gonna...?"
Nagisa: "...Barf..."
Wait, what?!
Kaori: "Y-You can't, not here! hold on a second, not yet!"
I quickly hug Senpai up and bring her to the bathroom....I stayed awake for her, but it doesn't look like we'll be able to talk much tonight... And I wanted to ask about that seminar Sakai mentioned, too. And...I know Senpai loves to drink, but she's such a lightweight that I wish she wouldn't go until she pukes...
====================scr00852.kgo====================
It's been three days since Sakai joined the team. And today, as usual, I've finished diaper and IV changes, finished caring for the patients...but I'm writing reports before lunch. Sakai's a lot more skilled than I imagined, and I think this is the first time I've ever been able to write reports so early!
Sayuri: "...Say, Sawai. You know your old preceptor?"
There's no one here, but she's half-whispering. Is this something she doesn't want anyone to hear? Maybe that's why she's referring to Senpai so indirectly.
Kaori: "Hwah? You mean Senpai?"
Sakai nods.
Sayuri: "This happened yesterday -- I saw her at the cake shop near Kanakura Station with someone who isn't from this hospital."
Kaori: "...Er..."
That's a little unsettling....Does she want to tear things apart between Senpai and I? ...Nah, that has to be me thinking too much into this. I don't know what Sakai's really after, but yesterday, Senpai brought me back some cakes from a popular cake shop in Kanakura that we enjoyed together. Even on the off chance that Senpai was cheating on me, I can't imagine she'd be the type who would buy evidence of the fact. If she were going to sneak around, I bet she'd be really careful about destroying evidence and covering her tracks.
Kaori: "Well, even Senpai's got her friends, you know?"
Kaori: "She went to nursing school in Tokyo, so she probably met an old classmate who's here to sightsee."
Sayuri: "Well, their faces were awfully close together, and they seemed to be getting along a tad...too well. It felt like they were meeting in...secret? It was all terribly suspicious."
Kaori: "Someone she'd meet in secret, huh...? That does sound pretty suspicious when you think about it, but..."
Sayuri: "...Y-You've been really helpful to me lately, and...I don't really w-want to say this, but...she might...might be cheating..."
Kaori: "If she was going to cheat on me, wouldn't she do it somewhere farther away? And I don't think anyone would act so...blatantly suspicious, I guess?"
Sayuri: "They wouldn't...?"
Kaori: "Nope. At least, I wouldn't act like that, so I'm sure Senpai wouldn't, either."
Sayuri: "Oh, if that's the case...then there's nothing to worry about."
She seems pretty relieved... And come to think of it, Senpai was in a bit of a nice mood yesterday! And didn't she stagger home drunk a few days ago, too...? Hm. I don't feel like she's keeping anything a secret, but I do want her to tell me about these little things... Am I just being selfish?
Sayuri: "Er...did I say something I perhaps shouldn't have?"
Her voice snaps me out of my thoughts, and I see her looking at me with worried eyes.
Kaori: "Oh, uh, no, don't worry. I'm really lovey-dovey with Senpai, and that's not something that'll shake with a single comment from you."
Sayuri: "...I wonder why hearing that makes me want to mess things up between you a bit..."
Whoa, let's not go there...!
Hatsumi: "Ah, perfect timing, you two. I've spoken with surgery about Mr. Kato's shunt operation, and it's been scheduled to tomorrow."
Hatsumi: "And tomorrow...you're on the night shift, Sawai. I don't think you need me to remind you, but please study up on how to handle a patient post operation."
Kaori: "Huh...? They're not keeping him in the surgical ward after the operation?"
Sayuri: "......"
Sakai looks at me with baffled eyes.
Hatsumi: "They're only operating on his arm -- and the surface at that. They won't even touch the bone, so why do you think they would move his bed all the way to the surgical ward?"
Wait, what?! They're both looking at me like I'm a moron!
Hatsumi: "Mr. Kato's operation is going to be after the last patient in the surgical ward, so it might end up happening during the night shift."
Kaori: "......."
I've never taken care of a patient after an operation... Wh-What do I do? The Chief giggles at me.
Hatsumi: "He'll come back in a wheelchair if nothing goes wrong, so there's nothing to be afraid of."
Y-You say that now, but...! I haven't dealt with a post-op patient since my days in school! This is terrifying -- Senpai, hellllp! ...But, well, turning to Senpai for help won't help me grow, so I get to studying about shunt surgery as soon as I get home.
Kaori: "Kato's right handed, so they're going to make the shunt in his left..."
Kaori: "And when they make the shunt, you can't apply pressure to his left hand under any circumstances..."
Details of the surgery don't really click for me. I wonder if I should just basically be on watch for the sound it makes? I want to ask Senpai about post-op care when she gets back, but she's out really late today.  "Well, their faces were awfully close together, and they seemed   to be getting along a tad...too well. It felt like they were   meeting in...secret? It was all terribly suspicious."
Kaori: "......"
Urgh...I'm starting to feel kind of frustrated... Oh! Senpai's back!
Kaori: "Welcome back! Hey, Senpai, there's this patient tomorrow who..."
I let my words trail off. Senpai's expression is awfully downcast...
Nagisa: "Oh, ah, sorry. Had a lot to deal with today, so I just stopped by to say I'm going to rest in my room tonight..."
Kaori: "Oh... O-Oh, well, you are pretty busy all the time."
Nagisa: "Sorry...I'll just be..."
Kaori: "......"
I'm a little disappointed I didn't get to ask about dealing with post-op patients, but... I wonder if Senpai's all right...? She looked a little pale, too...
Kaori: "Top of the evening."
Yasuko: "Oh, hey! You're a little earlier than usual. Someone's gotten real serious about work!"
Kaori: "Well, I'm a little worried about Mr. Kato..."
My night shift partner tonight is Yamanouchi. I've been doing night shifts without being attached to Senpai for about two years now, but Yamanouchi's more reassuring to work with than any of the part timers or exclusively night shift nurses. I've got to become a nurse that my other partners think like that about, too!
Hatsumi: "Mr. Kato just went off to the operating room. He should be up before too long...depending on the doctor's skill and Mr. Kato's blood vessels."
Kaori: "Oh..."
That's when I notice Sakai distractedly reading some reports.
Hatsumi: "Sakai, if you're ready to do the evening reports, the night shift team is ready to hear them..."
Sayuri: "I can start them any time, but...I wanted to ask if I could stay until Mr. Kato comes back..."
Hatsumi: "...What do you think, Sawai? Would she get in the way?"
Kaori: "Wh-What...? Well, no, not..."
When I look at Sakai's face, on the verge of tears, there's no way I can say she'd get in the way. I'd hang around the station all the time when I was a rookie, too. It would be awfully hypocritical of me to tell her she couldn't stay here.
Kaori: "But if you stay back too late, won't that affect your work tomorrow...?"
Sayuri: "I have tomorrow off."
Kaori: "Oh yeah? In that case, I'm fine with it, but how about you, Yamanouchi...?"
Yasuko: "I got no problem with it. I'll just kick her over if she gets in the way."
Kaori: "Hey, she's the first rookie we've had in years! You can't just kick her around!"
Yasuko: "Whoa, Sawai, you're startin' to sound a touch like a veteran! Ya sure have grown..."
I ignore Yamanouchi's japes and smile at Sakai.
Kaori: "I think you can stay until you're good and ready. Watch out, though -- stay in your uniform and the patients will probably ask you for stuff."
And besides, you can only really do ridiculous things like this when you're still a rookie. Back when I was in charge of Sakai, there wasn't a moment I wasn't thinking about what I could do for her.
Hatsumi: "That's a good point. I think you should change after your evening reports, then stay as long as you'd like."
Sayuri: "Thank you, I really appreciate it."
Mr. Kato comes back to the ward around the time we finish handing out dinner. It took a little time, but it looks like the operation was a success. Now I just need to see to his post-op care...! This is a really big responsibility, and I have to do my best! I check his vitals, confirm the shunt's sound, run around to help patients eat, and finally collect everyone's dishes and trays. When I take a peek into room 301, I notice Sakai holding Mr. Sato's hand.
Sayuri: "Please, take good care of this shunt. Because right now...it's your lifeline."
She's crying.
Kato: "I don't know if they'll be a boy or a girl, but I was going to do my best until my grandkid grew up. Now, though..."
Sayuri: "You can't say that. You have to keep going, even if your grandchild gets married and has children of their own..."
She trails off into tears.
Kato: "Great-grandkids? Now that would be tough for anyone."
Sayuri: "I'm telling you not to get pessimistic! It's not that hard to figure out!"
Kato: "...You sure haven't changed, Miss Sakai. Get so invested in one patient and you're not going to last, you hear me?"
Sayuri: "I'm not that soft."
I quietly leave the room, keeping my footsteps as silent as possible. I understand how Sakai feels, and I can understand what Mr. Kato's saying, too. I'm sure Sakai will eventually find a compromise between her job duties and her own beliefs, eventually finding her own nursing stance, like I did. Do your best, Sakai. You can do it. I cheer her on in my heart and take my leave. Ultimately, Sakai stayed in Kato's room until his wife closed up the shop and came to visit later on that night. I spoke with Mrs. Kato about the small restaurant they run for a bit, then when she burst into tears, I comforted her for a while. I then noticed that Sakai was gone. No events followed through the night, and we made it quietly to the morning. I head back to my room alone after my night shift. There's no warmth in it. I look to the surgical ward's shift sheet that Senpai gave me to see that she's on the day shift today.
Kaori: "I wonder if she'll come home tonight...?"
I mull over that, and as I muse about going shopping with Senpai if she does come back, I sink into bed in my clothes. I think I'd fallen asleep, at some point. I feel...someone's presence in my room. Well, I feel someone watching me sleep, to be more exact. Is it...Senpai...? Then, the air in my room lightly shifts.
Kaori: "Senpai?!"
There's no doubt about it -- Senpai was here just now, and she was watching me! I scramble after her. I get to the elevator just as it begins its slow descent down. Not to be deterred, I dash down the stairway. And when I step out of the stairs, I realize that I rushed out without any makeup on. But there's no turning back now. She seemed so sluggish the night before last...and she must have had something weighing on her mind. And she was watching me sleep just a while ago, too. Did something happen...? What happened?! I see a very familiar back walking in front of me. I try to call out to her, but suddenly...I hesitate. I follow her back, not straying too far or drawing too close. I keep going until we reach our destination......a lonely cafe near the station. I hide at a faraway table and keep watch over Senpai. She orders some coffee -- she almost never drinks coffee -- but just stares at the black liquid's surface, making no motion to sip it. Someone comes into the cafe, passes by my back, and sits in the seat in front of her. She looks up, smiles, and greets them. That...that smile! It's supposed to be mine, and mine alone...! I couldn't really tell from behind, but the person has a very short, very boyish hairstyle, but slender, womanly hips that confer a mature air to them. And just like Sakai had said, they bring their faces together and start whispering about something.
Kaori: "...I can't hear them from here..."
Whoever Senpai's guest is, they seem awfully close. Then, Senpai looks down with a bit of a pained expression on her face.
Kaori: "......"
When I see that face, I regret what I've done....I'm acting like a stalker. I don't know what's hurting Senpai and causing her to make a face like that, but I know she'll tell me about it sometime. And I should just...wait until then. I drink down my lukewarm tea and quietly leave my seat. Yesterday's shocking sight has had me sighing all day...
Sayuri: "Sawai, could you refrain from stringing up a combo of sighs in the nurses station? I don't want to catch your misery."
Yasuko: "Hah! Yer never gonna lose that sharp tongue o' yours, are ya? And how does misery spread, anyway? Is it some kinda virus?"
Sayuri: "Don't take it literally, I was simply being metaphorical."
Yasuko: "That's our girl -- bein' all cool and sayin' things we couldn't dream of with a straight face! Mind if I grab your autograph?"
Kaori: "......"
Sayuri: "There you go again!"
Kaori: "W-Wait, no, this time I was just sighing at Yamanouchi, so..."
Sayuri: "If you're just going to sigh in the station, how about you do a round about the ward to improve your mood?"
Kaori: "Yeah, I think I will..."
I've started to pick up on when she's being nice through her harsh words, so I elect to indulge her and slowly stand up.
Hatsumi: "Now I can't tell which one's the rookie."
Yasuko: "The bullying rookie with the constant veteran's mask lowers her walls a little and extends a token of kindness when her senior's right down in the dumps... Now them's a ship for the ages!"
...You know, I'm not even going to acknowledge what Yamanouchi says. For a few days after that, Senpai didn't come home. Well, ‘come home’ is a strange expression to use here. This is my room, but Senpai has her own, so...
Kaori: "...Senpai..."
It's...kind of hard to send her a message. Because no matter how many messages I send her, she either won't reply, or won't reply with anything meaningful. As I mull over that, the back of the person I saw in the cafe comes to mind. I wonder if they were one of Senpai's classmates from nursing school? Or maybe they're someone from the surgical ward, like, Senpai? There's a big difference between a third and a fourth year. Especially when one's in surgery and the other's in internal medicine -- we just don't talk about the same things. I wonder if she's going to...leave me? The more I think, the deeper I get in a spiral of negativity. I know I shouldn't think like this, but I just can't help feeling worried...
Nagisa: "Kaori...? ...Is she not in...?"
Kaori: "S-Senpai?"
A ray of light pours in from the hallway.
Nagisa: "Hey, come on, at least turn on the lights! Hmph!"
She snaps on the lights, talking in her regular tone. It's really bright. I squint my eyes in the light as I look up, and I see Senpai staring back down at me, her features resolute.
Nagisa: "...Hey, Kaori. We need to talk...got time?"
She looks so serious, and I just want to run away....But I won't. Because I know that running away won't solve a thing. All choices in life are like this. I've seen countless patients who procrastinated on making decisions. They just got worse until they reached the point of no return. So I'm not going to run away. When I nod, showing resolve of my own, Senpai sits in front of me with a resigned smile.
Nagisa: "So...I'm being headhunted."
Kaori: "......!"
Nagisa: "She knows that I'm still rough around the edges in a lot of ways, but...she says I've got a lot of potential."
Nagisa: "She said she'd study with me...and I'm really happy about that. I'm really grateful she said that."
Nagisa: "I'm not dissatisfied with Yurigahama at all. Chief Otsuka of the internal ward's done so much for me, and Chief Kobayashi in surgery is a really good person."
Nagisa: "Everyone on staff is really harsh, but I know they don't mean any harm, and I know that working in surgery makes you rough in general."
Nagisa: "But her hospital is really big, it's an emergency and critical care center, it's got all sorts of symptoms to see, and I'll be able to train and study as a nurse in all sorts of ways."
Kaori: "Wait...a big hospital that's an emergency and critical care center...?"
Nagisa: "Y-Yeah...Mizusawa."
Senpai mentions a hospital that even I know by name. The Mizusawa Emergency and Critical Care Center is the primary hospital that takes care of emergency cases in the region. And Senpai really is something to be scouted by such an important hospital...!
Nagisa: "But...but if I officially go with them, I won't be able to live in this dorm anymore...!"
Kaori: "Wait, is the reason you've seemed so down lately..."
Nagisa: "But...if I'm not in this dorm anymore, you might be able to grow, too. And, well...there was that thing, too..."
Kaori: "That thing?"
When I look at her expression, the memory rushes back to me. Years ago, Senpai had sent me harassing messages to scare and intimidate me... It's just something that happened years ago to me, but Senpai might still be deeply hurt by it.
Senpai: "...Yeah. The messages and the phone call...thing..."
Seeming to pick up on how I feel, Senpai puts on a pained expression, as if she's enduring something.
Nagisa: "But I went kind of crazy later and hit a patient...and that's just too embarrassing to say to the scout."
Kaori: "...I heard about that from the Chief after the fact. You couldn't forgive a patient who pushed me down the stairs and got mad on my behalf, didn't you?"
...That day, when I was heading from the examination room on the first floor to the x-ray room in the basement on the Chief's orders, someone pushed my back and sent me tumbling down the stairs. The man who pushed me had been a patient in the surgical ward who had just wanted to play a prank on me -- he hadn't actually thought I'd fall. At the time...I'd been really on edge, my fear of men had only gotten worse, and Senpai had been cold to me when I turned to her, so I just had no idea what to do. But Senpai hadn't abandoned me, and when she heard the patient laughing about pushing me down the stairs to a visitor, she vigorously argued with him...and ended up punching him. It happened during the night shift, when there weren't many staff in the building. Coming back to her senses, Senpai ran up to the roof, believing that she'd completely failed as a nurse...
Nagisa: "If I leave you, I might lose control of myself again! I don't know what kind of awful trouble I'll make for my new workplace!"
Kaori: "......"
Nagisa: "I knew you looked up to me back when we were in high school, but I thought I couldn't just let you depend on me for everything...so I forced us apart and left."
Nagisa: "But when we met again...I'm the one who depended on you."
Nagisa: "I just wanted you to depend on me so much that I sent those awful messages and made those calls...and after that, I just lost it and punched a patient...!"
Senpai starts to cry.
Kaori: "...Let me ask you directly. Senpai...do you want to go to the Mizusawa Emergency and Critical Care Center?"
Nagisa: "...I don't know... I want to go and train myself, but I don't want to leave you, Kaori."
Kaori: "I...I don't want you to leave me, either. But..."
I take a deep breath. I used to cast this little spell on myself all the time years ago. I haven't had the time to indulge in it lately, though, and I feel like its effects have weakened, too. Even now...I'm still myself. I don't feel like I'm looking at reality through a thin film when I do it anymore. But...I've got to at least say this...as myself.
Kaori: "I think you should go, Senpai."
When I quietly say that, Senpai throws a pillow at me.
Nagisa: "...! You don't even know how I feel! Kaori, you moron!"
Kaori: "...Senpai..."
I...I don't want us to be apart, either... But if I say that...Senpai, you're just going to be locked away in this tiny hospital in Yurigahama, aren't you? I want you to work hard, and get even better... I want you to always smile, to live how you dreamed you would, to do what you've always wanted to... Like the senpai I always looked up to. Am I wrong to think that? Are these feelings wrong?
====================scr00853.kgo====================
Kaori: "......"
Senpai's been going back to her room lately, so I really miss her... I'm generally fine when I'm dealing with patients, but when I'm writing my reports alone, my mind wanders places it really shouldn't. Urgh...I probably shouldn't have told her she should go to the bigger hospital......No. No, that's not true. Because that's how I really feel. It's painful to be separated from Senpai, but this is so she can grow! I have to be strong!
Sayuri: "I'm back."
I don't regret a thing. A thing!
Kaori: "......"
I don't regret anything...but...
Sayuri: "...I took the patients' vitals. Aren't you going to ask about them?"
Kaori: "Ah? O-Oh, you're right!"
I quickly pull out some notepaper, and Sakai lets out a deep sigh.
Sayuri: "...Tell me, just who do you think it is that enables you to space out alone in the nurses station while looking like an utter buffoon?"
Sayuri: "I don't expect much from you, but you can't even give me a ‘thanks' or a 'job well done’? Goodness."
Oof...Sakai's barbs only got sharper over the years...!
Kaori: "Oh, yeah, sorry about that. You're really coming through for me, Sakai."
Sayuri: "Well, now it sounds like I just made you say it. Your heart wasn't in it in the least."
Urgh...and this is what I get after I did what she wanted!
Yasuko: "Oh hoh, there it is, the Sakai Special!"
Yamanouchi howls as she undulates.
Kaori: "Uh...?"
Yasuko: "It's her ultimate move. Just came up with th' name myself!"
...I can't believe she's stepping in and...
Sayuri: "The Sakai...Special...?"
Yasuko: "Yep! Ya say somethin' real biting and selfish, but show off yer timidness at the same time...with an ambivalence that's too adorable for words!"
Timidness...? What about Sakai is supposed to be timid, again...?
Sayuri: "...*Sigh*..."
Kaori: "Er, hey, Sakai, that's a whole world you really don't need to delve into. Don't mind her, okay?"
Yasuko: "Dammit, Sawai! That's some mouth ya got on ya fer bein' Sakai's slave!"
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi, hold off on the inappropriate comments during work hours."
Hatsumi: "And wouldn't Sakai be the slave here, not Sawai? It looks to me like she's working under Sawai's directions."
Yasuko: "Whoa...I thought you'd been getting' a bit slow on the uptake in battles o' wit, but I didn't think you'd gone and become an airheaded character, Chief."
Yasuko: "I guess ya just can't beat the waves of age..."
Hatsumi: "My age has nothing to do with that!"
Sayuri: "E-Er...?"
Kaori: "Well! Let's just ignore those two and get to work. I'll hear your reports later, so let's go do our room rounds."
Sayuri: "...Are you sure? It looks like the Chief and Yamanouchi are having a fierce debate about living through one's thirties..."
Kaori: "This happens every day, really, so don't worry about it! And besides, we're only going to make it worse by getting involved, so we want to leave all that alone!"
Sakai's still pure -- I wouldn't want to see her sullied by this world just yet....That said, I manage to get her safely away from the monsters engaging in their brutal battle in the nurses station, and that's cause for relief. I part with Sakai and go through the rooms, checking the remainder of the IV bottles in each. Sakai's really quick on the uptake. She's only been on the job for two weeks, but I can already leave all sorts of things to her! I take a quick peek into room 301 to see Sakai speaking with Mr. Kato again. After his shunt operation, Mr. Kato is going to be transferred to a hospital that specializes in dialysis. Sakai's known him since she got into the hospital, and she gave him medical advice back when she was a student, so they must have all sorts of things to talk about. I decide to keep quiet and not interrupt, and when I get back to the nurses station, I figure I'll do the rounds of the outpatient ward I was going to ask Sakai to do. Some x-ray film and test results came in this morning, too, so I bring up the ones that are bound for the surgical ward, too. The surgical ward's halls. It's the same hospital with the same color scheme as my own ward, but...maybe it's because this isn't my territory, and maybe because the feel and scent of it is slightly different, but I feel nervous... Then, I notice a familiar looking surgery nurse walk my way.
Kaori: "Oh, I've brought film and test results bound for surgery up on my way back to internal."
Surgical Ward Nurse: "Oh, thanks! How kind of you!"
I look around for Senpai as I speak with the nurse, but she doesn't conveniently appear for me. Oof. When I think about it, I'm kind of acting like a stalker... The nurse seems to pick up on where my eyes are going and giggles.
Surgical Ward Nurse: "You're always looking for Fujisawa, aren't ya? You did that back when that thing happened, too."
Kaori: "Huh? ...O-Oh, wait, are you?!"
Wait, that mischievous grin...this is the nurse that helped me when I was looking for Senpai, back when she'd run up to the roof...!
Surgical Ward Nurse: "Sorry, but Fujisawa's in an operation now. You just missed her. You wanted to see her takin' charge, didn't you?"
...Back then, the whole surgical ward was on edge. She was worried, too, but now that there's a new chief and some part timers, she seems like she can afford to be more laid back. She's quite personable now. The mood of a workplace is really important, isn't it?
Kaori: "Oh, uh, n-not exactly... Er, hey, the surgical ward sure seems busy! Must be tough, working here."
Surgical Ward Nurse: "Ha, well, ‘busy' in internal and surgery mean two different things. I couldn’t handle internal!"
Kaori: "Ah, ahaha..."
I think about saying ‘and I can't handle surgery,’ but I decide to just laugh ambiguously. If she's saying she couldn't handle the internal medicine ward, I wonder what we look like to the nurses who work in surgery? Is this like the opposite version of the grass being greener? When I put the film and test results down in my ward's nurses station, I feel the mood for fresh air strike me and borrow the key hung up next to the desk. The roof's been locked up tight ever since the incident with Senpai, but it gets unlocked on occasion to give the patients a chance at some recreation.
Kaori: "Senpai..."
A strong, salty breeze is blowing. That's all there is, but my heart rumbles with such anxiety. I remember how Senpai had climbed over this fencing. What was she thinking, back then? How did she feel as she looked at this view? I climb over the fencing, wanting to see what she saw. Past the sparse roofs and thin roads, I see the beach. And beyond it lies a large expanse of sea, glittering in the sunlight. Senpai's mental state nearly broke down when she thought I would leave her. And I... Why do I feel so overwhelmingly anxious, just thinking that Senpai will move away? Yet even so, I want her to be herself. I want her to go into surgery like she'd always dreamed of, to work hard and do her best, even if she complains sometimes. I want her to keep on smiling. I really like Senpai when she's strong and when she's cool, but I like her when she's weak or when she's pouty. I love all sides of Senpai. So I really thought that she should move to the other hospital if it was for her future. That's why I said she should. All I need to do is endure my loneliness by myself. But. Maybe I was wrong. Because at the end of the day, I'm not thinking about Senpai's future. No -- I just can't help but think how much I'm going to miss her when she's gone. I want her to be close to me like she always has, to work in the same place as I do -- I just want her to be here!
???: "H-Hey, what are you doing?!"
I slowly turn around when I hear a worried voice.
Kaori: "S-Senpai...?!"
But this won't work. Senpai can't spread her wings into a new world as long as I'm here.
Kaori: "S-Stay away!"
Nagisa: "Kaori...?!"
Kaori: "Senpai, you should go and study in a bigger hospital! I don't want to weigh you down -- and if that's all I can do, I'll jump right here, right now!"
Nagisa: "Do you even hear what you're saying?! There's no reason to do that for me!"
Kaori: "I'm your girlfriend, Senpai! And anyone would want to not weigh their girlfriend down!"
Nagisa: "......!"
I see Senpai bite her lip in a mix of inward disappointment and pain.
Nagisa: "...If I tell you I'm going with the headhunter, you won't jump, right."
Kaori: "......"
After hesitating for a bit, I nod.
Nagisa: "...All right. If that's how much you want this, then I'll take the job."
Kaori: "......"
I'm glad. I'm really glad, so why does it hurt so much? Because it hurts to hide how you truly feel from the person you love...when you do it for their sake.
Nagisa: "Then it's a deal. Quit your nonsense and come over here."
I get back behind the fencing and walk over to her as ordered.
Kaori: "!"
I hold my hot cheek with one hand.
Nagisa: "...!"
She opens her mouth to say something, but doesn't say anything. She just leaves with anger in her face.
Kaori: "...Is this okay?"
My fun memories with Senpai come back to my mind. We worked together, got scolded by the Chief, got teased by Yamanouchi, and saw our patients off. And when the sun went down, we'd drink in my room all the time. When I look back as a nurse, Senpai was always by my side. To be honest, I'd thought about going after her, about applying to the same nursing school that she was in....But I didn't have the courage to go after her after she'd stopped contacting me and ended up going to a local school. Maybe she knew I'd end up like this, and that's why she never called....And come to think of it, there was girl I was particularly close to when I was a student. I hadn't set out to replace Senpai with her, but I ended up doing just that. I was really dependent on her, on Rara Kotobuki. I leaned on Rara so much that I drove her to say that we shouldn't contact each other until we were both graduated and independent. And what kind of person drives their best friend to saying that? Rara...now, for the first time, I realize how you felt when you said that. How much pain you were in. I'm sorry... I haven't grown in the least...
====================scr00854.kgo====================
The night that Senpai slapped me on the roof, she came back to my room. My joy lasts only a moment. After apologizing for slapping me and smiling sadly, she starts writing a letter of resignation right in front of me. I know I'm the one who suggested it, but seeing the fact that Senpai was really going to quit...leaves me deeply shocked.
Kaori: "H-Has it already been decided where you'll be assigned to in Mizusawa?"
Nagisa: "We're not at that stage yet. They'll probably tell me about it after I actually join the hospital."
Kaori: "D-Do you think they'll dump you in emergency care, all of a sudden...?"
Nagisa: "Nah, I can't imagine they'd do that to me -- I don't actually have any experience there. But I am going to do my best. I don't know if I can pull it off, though..."
Kaori: "No way! You can pull it off, Senpai!"
Kaori: "A few of my old classmates work there, and I hear that they've got some really nice staff."
Kaori: "Oh, and I heard that one of my classmates' mother is the head nurse there! I caught a glimpse of her on graduation day, and she looked like a really nice person."
Nagisa: "...She ‘looks like a nice person'? You can’t judge a book by its cover, and that goes double...no, triple for surgical nurses."
Kaori: "Oh, really?"
Nagisa: "When the job gets rough, everyone's personality totally changes. The white robes we wear are battle garbs!"
Senpai seems like she's shaken off whatever worry was wearing down her mind, and she's talking like her usual self again. But here I am, spinning my wheels alone...
Hatsumi: "Sawai, do you have a moment...?"
The Chief calls me over during work....Did something happen?
Hatsumi: "I heard from Chief Kobayashi that...Fujisawa is thinking of resigning."
Kaori: "She is. She got a really good offer from another hospital."
The Chief has an ambiguous expression on her face. Of course she would. She and the other staff here raised Senpai on the job.
Hatsumi: "...This may be overstepping my bounds, but...do you think I could ask which hospital it is, if you happen to know?"
...I guess there's...no need to hide it.
Kaori: "Er...I hear it's the Mizusawa Emergency and Critical Care Center."
Hatsumi: "......"
Kaori: "I believe this transfer will be advantageous to Senpai in the future, so I recommended she go ahead with it."
Hatsumi: "Are you...!?"
Kaori: "I want her to stay in Yurigahama. I genuinely do. But...when I think about her future, I really think she should go to a bigger hospital and learn as much as she can..."
Hatsumi: "True, there probably aren't any better hospitals to learn in than Mizusawa."
She has a complicated face on.
Hatsumi: "But...is that what you want?"
Kaori: "...It's fine. I just don't want to see Senpai regretting not going years down the line."
I speak clearly, hiding my real feelings.
Hatsumi: "Really? And that's what you think, and not what Fujisawa thinks, I trust?"
Kaori: "What?"
Hatsumi: "Well, I'll leave it there. This conversation doesn't have anything to do with the ward, after all. I apologize for holding up your work."
Today, Senpai has been out since morning. She's going to meet up with her contact from the other hospital at Mizusawa Emergency's closest station and go on orientation. I have the day off today and wanted to go with her, but I decided to endure for now and see her off with a smile.
Kaori: "......"
I look around my room. It's filled with cardboard boxes, just like when I first moved to this town. Before I knew it, it filled up with stuff Senpai brought in......but soon, too soon, this room will be empty of all of it...!
Kaori: "......"
I mustn't cry. But no matter how hard I hold them back, the tears pour out. She's back! I scramble to the door to meet her, but she looks awfully down when she walks through the door.
Nagisa: "...I'm home..."
Kaori: "What's the matter? You went to an orientation event at Mizusawa, right?"
Nagisa: "Y-Yeah, it sure was something! It was just what you'd expect from the emergency center of an entire region!"
Something must have happened, because she's forcing herself to sound cheerful. Not wanting to make her efforts wasted, I squeeze out whatever empty pleasantness I can and fake a smile.
Kaori: "Y-Yeah, I bet! A perfect place for you to start your journey, huh?"
Nagisa: "Yep! And I'm going to become the most popular nurse in Mizusawa, just you wait!"
Kaori: "That's the Senpai I know! Eep, you're so cool!"
We're both forcing smiles. Really, I just want to cry, but I've got to hide my tears and keep smiling.
Kaori: "Hm? Someone's here."
I turn my back to Senpai to see to the sudden guest.
Yasuko: "Yo! We're payin' y'all a visit."
Kaori: "Hwah?!"
Sayuri: "I trust you have enough room."
Kaori: "Ahh?!"
Hatsumi: "I tried to stop them, but...I'm sorry. They just wouldn't listen....I'll be coming in, as well."
Three familiar faces muscle their way into my room.
Yasuko: "So, Fujisawa! You quittin' Yurigahama and moving onto the Mizusawa Emergency Center?"
Nagisa: "Y-Yamanouchi, where'd you hear that...?!"
Hatsumi: "Did you forget that Chief Kobayashi is an old coworker of mine, and a younger one at that?"
Hatsumi: "When one of her dear employees handed her a letter of resignation, she came running to me, pale-faced and teary eyed."
Sayuri: "Fujisawa? You, in Mizusawa Emergency? Is that to be some kind of bad joke? Oh, and don't you even know to give your guests tea?"
Kaori: "O-Oh, sorry."
Sakai's signature jab brings me back to my senses, and I quickly move to make tea.
Yasuko: "Ahaha, our girl's the same as always, huh?"
Hatsumi: "Sawai, you don't need to go through the trouble, really."
Kaori: "No, I have to...uwah?!"
I turn around to see that they've brought in a mountain of beer and soft drinks!
Yasuko: "C'mon now, Horseysawa! Tonight's my treat, so drink yerself silly!"
Nagisa: "Eheheh, there's nothing as tasty as free booze! Ahaha!"
Sayuri: "Everyone's having fun drinking, why should I be the only one to stay sober...? Come on, I can have just a little bit."
As she complains to no one in particular, Sakai has...a chuhai can in her hand?!
Kaori: "W-Wait, Sakai, you still need a year and a half before you're well enough...! You can't slack off like that!"
Sayuri: "But it'll only be a bit! I'm already past twenty and I can't even...w-wait, is this you getting revenge on me?! Are you trying to leave me out while you all have fun?!"
Oh no, she's the kind of drunk that gets really in on you...!
Sayuri: "That's...that's awful, Sawai! I'm trying really hard to get close to you, but you're taking out your frustration on me like this...?!"
Kaori: "I'm not! I'm not trying to leave you out!"
Sayuri: "*Sniff*, *hic*...! It tastes so good, but you said I couldn't have any...that's too cruel!"
...Someone, help...
Hatsumi: "*Giggle* Well, how about you go ahead and have some? I'll call the hospital if anything happens! And don't worry, I'll make sure your IV is brimming with diuretics!"
Sayuri: "Uwah, Chief, you're the only one who understands how I feel...!"
Hatsumi: "*Giggle* There, there...we're all equals today, so drink up! Drink until you puke, and then some more!"
Nagisa: "It's group cheep-cheep time! Cheep-cheep, everyone!"
Yasuko: "The busty older woman and the testy flatty are a hot pair, but dead drunk Fujisawa's somethin' to see, too! I can't settle on either!"
Nagisa: "Cheep cheep! C'mon everybody, all together! Cheep cheep! C'mon, Kaori!"
Kaori: "...Oh, oh no...wh-what's even going on?!"
Ultimately, Sakai ended up smashed after a few sips, and Senpai must have been awfully sleep deprived, because she fell asleep after drinking half her usual amount. In front of me are Yamanouchi, enjoying some sake to herself, and the Chief, drinking the cold tea I made ages ago.
Hatsumi: "So Fujisawa's indecisive, isn't she?"
Kaori: "......"
I...really can't just come out and agree, right?
Hatsumi: "If she really wants to get better, I think going to the Mizusawa Emergency and Critical Care Center is a good idea."
Hatsumi: "In fact, I'll even write a letter of recommendation to their head nurse."
Hatsumi: "...But I have to wonder that if she goes as she is now, she may only weigh everyone down. That would just make trouble for the center."
Yasuko: "Waste o' time! Total an' utter waste o' time!"
Yasuko: "She ain't even got a vision of her own future, but she wants to go to an emergency center? She ain't gonna do jack there but drag her coworkers down!"
Kaori: "......"
The Chief and Yamanouchi might make good points. But I think I should pull back here. For Senpai's sake... The day of Senpai's quitting draws closer and closer. Even though it's as soon as next week, I'm still not ready to face the reality. I don't know what it's like in the surgical ward, but the internal medicine ward is unusually tense.
Hatsumi: "Has progress been steady on Mr. Kato's transfer summary? It needs to be in by next week."
Sayuri: "It's been going well. I left it as is because Sawai won't check it over for me, but the summary itself is finished."
Kaori: "S-S-Sorry..."
Sayuri: "How many times do I need to tell you that if sorry solved everything, we wouldn't need police? *Sigh* You really haven't grown a bit."
Kaori: "I-I'm really s-sorry..."
Yasuko: "Sakai's comin' out swingin' as usual, but personally, I really wanna applaud how Sawai's gotten real stronger -- now she can apologize without meanin' it a bit."
...There's a lot I think I want to say about that, but I'll keep quiet. When I get back home, I see Senpai, back from her night shift. She looks really down. When she looks at me, she puts on a cheerful smile...but it always fills me with pain to see her force herself like that. But I can't tell her what I'm going through...
Kaori: "You didn't go anywhere today?"
Nagisa: "N-Nah...I packed my room and stuff, but..."
Kaori: "...."
Nagisa: "......"
We won't have much more time like this...time to look into each other's eyes, time to talk... Whenever I got back home, Senpai would always be there. She's going through the remainder of her paid vacation days. Then, we come to the day before Senpai will leave Yurigahama...
Nagisa: "So, today's my last day in Yurigahama..."
When she whispers that, I silently hug Senpai from behind.
Kaori: "....."
Don't go. That's all I want to say, but I know that I can't.
Nagisa: "...*Sniff*"
Senpai is crying. She gently puts her hand on mine in front of her. My own tears drop onto her linked hand.
Kaori: "...So you're...really leaving. You're really going to disappear."
Nagisa: "What do I do? I...I don't know what to do anymore...!"
Kaori: "You should go, Senpai. You should study more, become a stronger nurse..."
Nagisa: "No, it's not that...they...they told me not to use their hospital as a way of running away and turned me down...!"
When she starts bawling, my mind turns blank for a moment.
Kaori: "Wait, what?"
The sheer surprise stops my tears.
Kaori: "You were...turned...down...?"
Nagisa: "Yeah, point blank, too! They said they didn't want anyone who didn't 100\%t want to be there! I'm unemployed from tomorrow! A NEET! I don't even have an address anymore, what do I do?!"
Kaori: "......"
According to Senpai, she came to know her contact at Mizusawa at a seminar in Teito. They got along well, being close to the same age and all, and she asked Senpai to join her hospital, saying that she'd be able to see all sorts of symptoms and be able to train her skills on the cutting edge of medicine. But if she went to Mizusawa, she'd have to leave me behind. And Chief Kobayashi in surgery is being really helpful, even though she's so busy. She suffered the shame of telling her about her past violent incident, but the Chief accepted that, too. But Senpai knew all too well that there's a limit to how much you can grow in a small hospital like Yurigahama. And as she wrestled with making a decision, I gave her my encouragement...
Nagisa: "It felt like I got pushed away...like you were saying you didn't need me around anymore. And that just hurt so much..."
Senpai smiles, a lot calmer now as she drinks some tea I've made.
Nagisa: "...So I was really honest with the woman from Mizusawa. And, well...she told me I was just running away. She didn't pull any punches."
She would have welcomed a nurse who wanted to get better to Mizusawa with open arms. But in Senpai's situation...
Nagisa: "I realized a bit late that I was using Mizusawa as a way to run away from the woman I love..."
Nagisa: "And that's pretty rude, isn't it? I think she was totally justified in getting mad at me."
Nagisa: "So she scolded me. ‘Don't drag my hospital into your lovers' spat!', she said...and told me that if I really loved you, I’m going to have to face you directly."
Nagisa: "Then, she got on this pained look and told me that...I shouldn't run away from the person I love, otherwise I'd regret it, like she did."
"When I saw that, I didn't know what face to make."
Nagisa: "Everything she said was just so on point, and the job offer had been taken away, so all I could do was crawl back."
Nagisa: "But...I already handed the Chief my resignation later, and it's way too late to just say I didn't actually mean it!"
She throws her arms around me and starts to wail again.
Kaori: "C-Can't you just go and apologize?! I'm sure Chief Kobayashi will listen if you ask her to let you work there again!"
Nagisa: "But..."
Kaori: "I'll grovel right there next to you, okay! So let's go ask!"
Nagisa: "Kaori..."
Kaori: "Besides, if you went somewhere else, going on dates would get really hard!"
Kaori: "I'm sloppy on the job, so when things get busy, I'd probably just procrastinate on contacting you..."
Nagisa: "And I may be on my fourth year on the job, but I've only gone two years in surgery, and I'll be treated like a rookie if I go to another hospital, so I'd definitely be busy..."
Another hospital?! There's no way I'm letting her go anywhere else!
Kaori: "Exactly! So stay at Yurigahama, okay?!"
Senpai is looking at me with moist eyes. Just one more push!
Kaori: "Oh, speaking of Mizusawa, I just remembered -- I told you about how a few of my classmates went there, right?"
Kaori: "One of my best friends from class went there, right? And her mom and big sister are at Mizusawa, too."
Kaori: "When we graduated, we promised to meet again when we could stand on our own two feet, but I still haven't seen her."
Kaori: "I want to see her again, and I do want to show her how much I've grown, but..."
Wait, what am I talking about...? When I start to wonder what I'm going on about, my nose is pinched.
Nagisa: "...Hey, are you trying to get me jealous?"
Kaori: "M-My nose...! W-Well, I thought you'd want to stay if you got jealous..."
Senpai releases my nose.
Nagisa: "You...you big dummy..."
I can hardly feel the sting on my nose before she gently brings her lips to its tip.
Nagisa: "Say things like that and you're just going to make me want to throw away my pride and stay in this town..."
As much as I want to bask in the kiss's lingering sensation, I shoot myself up.
Kaori: "Then let's go and apologize!"
Nagisa: "A-At this hour? But there'd only be night shift workers in the ward around now..."
Kaori: "We're not going to the hospital, we're going to the Chief's room."
Nagisa: "What? But I don't know where the Chief..."
Kaori: "Ahh, you're not getting it! We're going to Chief Hatsumi Otsuka's room! Chief Otsuka's the surgery chief's friend, right?"
Nagisa: "Oh, you're right!"
Hatsumi: "...I see. Understood. Can you wait for a little?"
The Chief pulls out her phone and fiddles with the buttons. Senpai looks around the Chief's room with a worried face. Yeah...the first time I saw this tragedy of a room, I got really worried, too.
Hatsumi: "...Hello, this is Otsuka. Sorry to call so late. I have Fujisawa here with me...right, it's related to that."
Nagisa: "....."
Seeing Senpai on the verge of tears, the Chief smirks, for some reason.
Hatsumi: "*Chuckle* Looks like I win this bet."
Kaori: "You what?!"
Nagisa: "Bet?!"
Hatsumi: "I told you she wouldn't quit. See? It worked out."
Senpai and I exchange looks. Does that mean the two chiefs bet on whether Senpai would quit or not? That's...that's really inappropriate, you two...! Still, I'm impressed. Our Chief certainly knows Senpai well...!
Hatsumi: "Tell it to her directly."
The Chief hands Senpai her phone.
Nagisa: "Y-Yes, ma'am..."
She takes the phone with a trembling hand.
Nagisa: "Um...this is Fujisawa....About my resignation...I'm truly sorry, but could you reverse that decision?"
Nagisa: "...hm? Er...o-oh, right...w-well... All right, thank you!"
Her voice and expression get more and more spirited.
Nagisa: "Got it! Thanks so much, I'll see you tomorrow!"
Kaori: "Senpai...?"
She turns around with a full-faced smile and hugs me with teary eyes.
Kaori: "Yeeps?!"
Nagisa: "She said I don't have to quit!"
She jumps into me so hard that I slam against the wall. Oh no, the tower of books at my feet...!
Nagisa: "Since Chief Otsuka had passed on some information to her, she'd put doing the paperwork for my resignation on hold!"
Now's not the best time to say this, but my foot is brushing against the hard corner of a book and it really hurts...
Nagisa: "And she said she hadn't told any of the surgery nurses I'd be quitting, so only the people in internal medicine know about it!"
Hatsumi: "Some nurses will suddenly say they'll quit on the day, or call in the morning saying that they won't be coming to work anymore, so we had a laugh over how straight-laced you were."
Kaori: "...Whoa..."
Nagisa: "And she said that since she was making the shift list, if I didn't ask for my day off by tomorrow, she'd decide on her own like always..."
Kaori: "Th-Then you really don't have to leave Yurigahama...?!"
Nagisa: "Yeah! It's all thanks to you, Kaori -- thanks so much!"
The joy starts to bubble up inside me.
Kaori: "Senpai...uwahhh!"
I throw my arms around Senpai, too.
Nagisa: "H-Hey, what are you crying for, you dummy?!"
Kaori: "You're crying, too, Senpai!"
We spend some time crying, embracing each other in the Chief's messy room.
Hatsumi: "I'm glad we have a happy ending on our hands, but would you mind going somewhere else? I really need to be getting to sleep..."
====================scr00855.kgo====================
After that... Things completely went back to normal. With the summary Sakai wrote in hand, Mr. Kato went off to a hospital specializing in dialysis. Sakai cried her eyes out when we saw him off. When I saw her wailing away, I remembered how I used to be when I started the job and couldn't help shedding some tears. Yamanouchi and the Chief watched us with warm smiles. I wonder if sometime, far off, when I'm watching a new nurse see a patient off in tears, I'll be able to look back at today with nostalgic eyes?
Nagisa: "Wow...so Mr. Kato finally went to a specialist hospital, huh?"
Kaori: "Yeah, and Sakai was crying when she saw him off like you wouldn't believe!"
Nagisa: "Wow. I guess even demons have tears."
Kaori: "Hey, she's not that bad! She's actually a really caring nurse."
Nagisa: "Well, it's like heaven and earth compared to how you fumbled around your first few months. Heck, I feel bad for her just comparing you guys..."
Kaori: "H-Hey, that's no fair! So that's what you thought of me back then...?!"
Nagisa: "Well, when it comes to failing all over the place, I'm not in much of a place to criticize!"
Hmm? Did I just get a message on my phone...? I give Senpai a glance after the beep ruins our peace.
Nagisa: "...What are you looking at me for?"
Kaori: "Er, no real reason..."
Nagisa: "Y-You meanie! You're such a bully, Kaori! I don't send you threatening emails anymore, really! You're gonna make me cry! Wahhh!"
Kaori: "All right, all right! I'll give you a nice head pat later, so cheer up? ...A-Ah!"
It's an email from an address I don't know. When I open it up, I find myself speechless. Too many emotions burst out for me to form words.
Nagisa: "What's the matter?"
Kaori: "...I-It's from my good friend from nursing school..."
Nagisa: "If it's from a good friend, why're you freezin' up?"
Kaori: "Well, we both deleted each other's numbers for reasons, so...I'm really surprised she contacted me at all..."
Nagisa: "Did you guys break it off on bad terms, or something...?"
Senpai has a frown on. I want to blush just a little when I entertain the thought that she's probably jealous.
Kaori: "No, it wasn't like that. It was...pretty much the same as what happened with you in high school, Senpai."
Nagisa: "Come again?"
Kaori: "She was worried about how I was too dependent on her, so she said she'd disappear from my life."
Kaori: "She said that until we could both stand on our own two feet, we wouldn't contact each other."
Nagisa: "......"
Kaori: "Her mother's the head nurse at Mizusawa, and her sister's a reliable nurse outside of their emergency care unit, so she went to Mizusawa, too..."
Nagisa: "......"
Kaori: "It's the first time she's ever sent me a message since graduation..."
But after saying all of that, the heart of the matter happens upon me.
Kaori: "Wait a second...how did Rara find my email address?"
Nagisa: "Er...I'm guessing Rara's the name of your friend?"
Kaori: "Yeah, Rara Kotobuki. She'd always say ‘call me Kirara! ’ with a little wink when introducing herself, but...why do you ask?"
Before I can even ask that question, Senpai's expression grows terribly complicated and she flops herself onto the table.
Nagisa: "...That's her."
Kaori: "Huh? What do you mean?"
Nagisa: "The woman I hit it off with at the seminar, the one who invited me to Mizusawa...!"
Kaori: "Wait, that was Rara?!"
Nagisa: "Ahhh, so that's why she kept asking me about you! And I went and gave her your email address, too!"
Kaori: "...Rara..."
Nagisa: "This is the kind of thing you want to say sooner instead of later! Ahh, I was so conflicted! Hmph, you can't even know!"
Kaori: "Wait a second, Senpai, you never mentioned Rara's name! Could you not pin this on me?! Hmph!"
Nagisa: "Hmph, what are you going on about?! Kaori, you big dummy! I love you!"
As if to say this ends the charade, she hugs me tight....Senpai sure is a handful... But I love that side of her, too... I answer Rara's messages back and forth while Senpai clings to me. She was going to get up off me, but since I wanted to be with her, I selfishly asked her to stay. I write to Rara that I'm independent as a nurse of internal medicine, and I'm even a new nurse's preceptor. She responds immediately, boasting that she'd been a preceptor since last year. The way she doesn't shy away and hide anything hasn't changed at all. Senpai and I giggle as we read her message.
Nagisa: "You know, she's really gutsy, I've gotta say. She came out and told me not to use her hospital to run away -- pulled no punches."
Kaori: "Rara always did say things clearly. She's a surgical nurse, born and bred."
Nagisa: "Yeah, you're telling me. People in surgery always give it to you straight."
Kaori: "Whenever I went down to bring them films or something, I always thought they were kind of bland...until I got used to them, anyway."
Nagisa: "It's not that they're bland, they just don't waste time chatting. Which is a shame, because they LOVE chatting."
Senpai chuckles to herself, seeming to remember something, and our eyes meet.
Kaori: "I...I really wanted to stop you from going."
Nagisa: "And I really didn't want to go. That's all."
We share a giggle.
Kaori: "Hey, do you remember how we hugged each other and cried after graduation?"
Nagisa: "...Yeah. I didn't want to graduate, so right there, in the middle of the road, I...I just couldn't hold my feelings back..."
Kaori: "...We probably haven't grown up at all since then."
Nagisa: "If we hadn't parted back then, we might've ended up in a different way."
Kaori: "That does sound nice, but I think the way we're in the same job, in the same hospital, in different departments."
Kaori: "but the same dorm...and how we get to spend our time together like this... Well, I think that's the best way I could ask for."
Nagisa: "...Me, too. I think the now we won through all the blood, sweat and tears is better than any future."
Her face draws close to mine. I want to kiss her, but she's mean and stops right before our lips touch.
Nagisa: "But, you know..."
Urgh...I have a bad feeling about this...
Nagisa: "I couldn't get you off of me if I tried back in high school, but the moment you get to nursing school, you're all about this Rara girl? Kaori, you're so unfaithful!"
Kaori: "H-Hey, that's not how it is! I'm all about you now, Senpai!"
Nagisa: "Then prove it!"
Kaori: "Prove it?"
Senpai: "Spend your life proving it to me -- proving to me that I'm the only one in your heart!"
Kaori: "Then you'd better prove it to me, too, that I'm the only one in YOUR heart."
Nagisa: "Hah! Challenge accepted!"
Kaori: "Likewise!"
We giggle at each other as close as we can get.
Nagisa: "Now to seal this vow with a kiss..."
Kaori: "...I love you, Senpai."
I think this is how it'll be. We'll stumble, stop, and worry along the way sometimes, but I know we're going to keep on walking forward.   Sometimes we'll fight,   but we'll always forgive each other,   making up with a kiss like this...      That's the kind of future I can see for us.
====================scr00901.kgo====================
I slowly open my eyes.           I'm in the dark and can't see anything.        ...I'm...inside my dream.   It's a strange feeling,   but for some reason I know that   I am in my own dream. Suddenly a girl floats up right before my eyes.
Kaori: "Who are you...?"
???: "......"
The girl grins.
Kaori: "Umm... *Giggle*..."
I giggle myself, as if the girl's smile is contagious. The girl instantly smiles and comes to hug me.
???: "I was waiting for you!"
Kaori: "Sorry?"
You were waiting? For me...?
???: "I love you!"
Kaori: "?"
I have no idea what's happening. But... Of course I'm happy she told me she loves me with a big smile on her face like this.
Kaori: "Okay... Thanks."
???: "Hey, do you like me?"
Kaori: "Umm..."
I just met her. There's no way to know if I like her. But... I feel like it's bad to say it like that. She's gone and shown me such a great smile, so there's no need to purposefully mess up those feelings.
Kaori: "Uh... Yeah, I like you."
???: "Yay!"
The girl cheerfully smiles. That's strange... I've heard her voice somewhere before...
???: "Don't hate me or abandon me, okay?"
All of a sudden the girl disappears before my eyes along with her suggestive remarks.
Kaori: "Huh?"
I abruptly open my eyes....Now it's my room. Who was the girl inside my dream? She smiled a huge smile at me without a care in the world and then said that she loved me... Is she the girl who had been appearing in my dreams and talking to me since a long time ago?
Kaori: "Ah!"
I scramble to turn off the alarm clock near my pillow and jump out of bed.
Kaori: "This isn't the time to be zoning out! I'm on the day shift! Gotta get ready!"
I run to the bathroom sink and look in the room. I'm startled.
Kaori: "Eep...!"
I see the girl from my dream in the mirror. No, that isn't her. It's me reflected in the mirror. But if I were about 10 years younger, I would look just like the girl...
Kaori: "...?"
I tilt my head, and the me in the mirror tilts her head.
Yasuko: "Ah... I can't stand this. Ugh..."
Yamanouchi returns while patting her shoulders, looking tired.
Kaori: "...What happened?"
Yasuko: "I ain't sure why, but that Miss Me only ate 20\% of her lunch again."
After the nurse in charge of Miss Sakai changed, I haven't checked the amount of food she's eaten. I look at the amount of food written in the diet record after what Yamanouchi said. Under Miss Sakai are the numbers two and three. Even when she's feeling well, it's a five at most. These numbers show the ratio of food consumptions, so when it's "two"
it means she's only eaten 20\%. Our hospital's dietitians apparently calculate it so that you can receive full nutrition if you eat 80\% of your meals. This means that Miss Sakai, who only eats 20 or 30\%, isn't getting enough nutrition at all.
Nagisa: "If this keeps up, we'll have to put in the transnasal catheter in again."
Senpai takes a peek at the diet record, looking worried.
Yasuko: "Oh? Fujisawa, you're somewhat worried, too?"
Nagisa: "That's because she's a patient in the internal medicine ward. I don't like Miss Sakai, but I don't bring my likes and dislikes into my work!"
Yasuko: "D'aww, have you finally started takin' yer job seriously?"
I'm next to Nagisa who is resenting how rude Yamanouchi was, and I turn back the pages of the diet record. Ever since I was removed from caring for Miss Sakai, the amount of food she's eaten has continued to decrease.
Kaori: "Being undernourished isn't good..."
Yasuko: "I'm doin' my best guidin' her in lots of different ways. What I say ain't resonatin' with her. She don't listen at all, that Miss Me."
Yamanouchi shrugs her shoulders and glances at me.
Yasuko: "...If you were in charge of her, what sorta approach would ya take and what sorta care plan would ya create?"
Yamanouchi's eyes look for an answer. If it were me... What if it were me......I'll get her to eat somehow. But I'm not in charge of her...
Kaori: "...I'll get her to eat somehow."
Yamanouchi opens her eyes wide. To be honest, I don't know what to do. But if I have to do something to get Miss Sakai to eat, then I have to persuade her with my entire body and soul that I'll do anything to get her to eat. There's no way I have any time to think about my approach or care plans. I know this disqualifies me as a nurse, but I have to do something.
Yasuko: "What, are you trying to use your tears to convince me?"
Yamanouchi smiles.
Kaori: "But I'm not in charge of her..."
Yasuko: "Yeah, that's true."
When I look at Yamanouchi, she lets out an exasperated shrug.
Yasuko: "Well, besides the opinion of the previous nurse, this is a real big problem for the current nurse."
Yamanouchi takes away the medical record and flips through the pages.
Yasuko: "Take a look. That Miss Me lost her appetite when you stopped bein' in charge of her, right? So that might mean..."
Nagisa: "Maybe?"
Yasuko: "If we put Sawai in charge again, then her loss of appetite might improve. Don't ya think so, Chief?"
Kaori: "What?"
I look back at what Yamanouchi said to see the Chief is standing behind me. Wh-When...?! I'm surprised, and Senpai whispers in my ear.
Nagisa: "See, you never know when the Chief will show up, so you can't say anything bad about her, got it?"
Yeah... I know that, but... But I want to be much more careful than I have been starting now.
Hatsumi: "...Her doctor is worried about not only how much Miss Sakai has been eating, but also how she hasn't been as energetic lately."
Hatsumi: "But please give me some time as to whether I will put Sawai in charge of Miss Sakai again."
Nagisa: "...Does that mean there's the possibility that Sawai will be in charge of Miss Sakai again?"
Chief nods at Senpai's question.
Hatsumi: "Yes... She may have complained about her a lot, but Miss Sakai's exchanges with Sawai seemed to have kept her energy up."
Hatsumi: "Even if that energy was just pretense, we can't ignore the effect the mental has on the physical."
Nagisa: "That's true."
Yasuko: "Yeah, that Miss Me was probably relievin' her stress by makin' fun of Sawai."
Kaori: "Ow...!"
Yasuko: "Good job, Sawai. Ya helped out despite being a newbie."
Kaori: "Ouch... You didn't have to put it like that..."
Yamanouchi smacks my back, and it tingles. She probably tried to cheer me up, but honestly it hurts. It really hurts. She didn't have to hit so hard...
Kaori: "So, Mr. Ryukaku's urine volume is low..."
I write a memo with a pen on my arm and walk down the hallway of the ward. I went to check Mr. Ryukaku's urine volume as Senpai asked. Lately, his consciousness has become unclear, and there are times when he doesn't respond when you ask him something. It seems difficult for him to breathe, and his family is split on whether to put him on an artificial respirator. They probably each have their own opinion, but I hope they make the best decision for Mr. Ryukaku. The Chief and Yamanouchi say that there's nothing we can do about it, but...
???: "U-Ummm...!"
Kaori: "Eep!"
My nurse uniform is pulled from behind. I look behind me, and Ami is standing there looking like she is about to burst into tears.
Ami: "U-Um... Sorry to bother you during work. Uh... I-Is Sayurin...okay?"
Kaori: "What..."
I don't know what to do now that Miss Sakai's name is brought up. I'm debating a bit as to whether I should say that I'm not in charge of Miss Sakai anymore. But it looks like Ami wants to know.
Ami: "I heard from Yacchon that you're not in charge of Sayurin anymore..."
...Yacchon is Yamanouchi, I guess?
Ami: "But Yacchon won't tell me about Sayurin..."
Ami: "She just talks about confidentiality and tells me to ask Sayurin when she gets better, but I..."
Ami is in tears. Yeah, of course she'd cry. Ami was so worried about Miss Sakai. But...
Kaori: "I'm sorry, Ami."
Ami: "Kaorin..."
Kaori: "Even if there wasn't confidentiality, I haven't seen Miss Sakai, so I wouldn't be able to tell you even if I wanted..."
Ami's shoulders are trembling slightly. I gently hug her to console her.
Ami: "I'm sorry for saying these things... I know that it will just cause trouble for you."
Ami: "But I'm worried... Even more so because I can't see Sayurin... Tsukushi is sad, too."
Ami buries her face into my chest. Her feelings of hopelessness come across. It makes sense. Even patients that seem healthy are hospitalized because they are ill. I suppose it's obvious that people who are ill will be concerned about the symptoms of others.
Kaori: "I can't say she's going to be okay, but...let's believe in Miss Sakai's recovery and wait for her, okay?"
Ami slightly nods on my chest.
====================scr00902.kgo====================
Again...              In that dream again...        It's a dream similar to dreams        I've been seeing since a lot time ago...         What on earth could be         the purpose of this dream?
Kaori: "Ah!"
Someone runs into me from behind with a thud. An innocent laugh fills my surroundings.
???: "I love you!"
I look behind to see there's a girl hugging my hip with the widest grin on her face.
???: "Did I scare you? Hey, did I scare you? Hehe... I played a little trick on you!"
Kaori: "Oh, you..."
I tightly hug the girl's little body wrapped around me. I'm still wondering who this girl is and why I'm having these dreams, but... I'm glad that this girl smiles at me like a ray of sunshine. My heart feels lighter with how she genuinely shares her fondness of me.
???: "You won't hate me? Or abandon me?"
Huh? Didn't she mention that before...? Did something happen?
Kaori: "It's okay. I won't hate you."
The girl smiles. Then she suddenly disappears.
Kaori: "...What..."
...There is nobody in this space, and I can't hear anything. I'm left alone in a wide space and quickly become nervous.
Kaori: "Hey... Hey?!"
I try to call out, but for the first time I realize that I don't know the girl's name.        What I hear coming from far away        is...the siren of an ambulance?        The siren is moving closer...         ...It gradually gets closer...
Kaori: "!"
I jump to my feet.
Kaori: "Ah..."
Th-This is...my room...? It was a dream after all.      "You won't hate me?       Or abandon me?"
The words of the girl in my dream remain in my head. I don't want you to hate me. I don't want you to abandon me.
Kaori: "......"
...Yeah, I know how she feels. I mean, I felt that way for a long time. No, I still feel that way. In the past, I was in a traffic accident on the verge of death, but now I am alive like this. I don't remember much of the accident. It was apparently a very bad accident where I could have been killed instantly. That's why many people later told me that I was very lucky to be alive after the accident. But I don't remember. I can't remember why I was hit by the car, what happened before I was hit, or anything about the accident. When I try to remember, my head starts to hurt, and I don't feel well. My doctor also told me, "Don't try too hard to remember."
My doctor diagnosed me with "retrograde amnesia due to accident shock."
I've kept quiet about this, but even with stuff after the accident, sometimes there are things I can't remember. What I remember is that I didn't want to be a burden on my parents and little sister, so I worked hard through the tough rehabilitation. I don't want to worry anyone anymore, so I can't tell anybody about how I can't remember events after the accident, the anterograde amnesia... I couldn't go to elementary school much at all because of rehabilitation, so after I entered middle school, I couldn't follow along in my classes. However, even then I didn't want people to worry, so I went to school with a smile on my face looking like everything was okay, and I played with my friends. When I got home from playing with my friends, I would review my studies from school until late at night. Somehow I became able to keep up with my classes so that I could take the high school entrance exams together with my classmates. I mean, an idiot girl that couldn't take her high school entrance exams with her friends would definitely be abandoned. And I also didn't want my mom and dad to think I was an idiot child. It would also be embarrassing for my sister to have an older sister who was not very bright. Yes, I'm the same as that girl. I've lived my life doing my best focusing on not being disliked or abandoned by those I love. It's still true now. Right now I'm an inexperienced newbie, so I can't do my job well enough, but I'm trying my hardest to not be a burden to my coworkers. People say I've got these "healing hands"
or whatever, but I'm going to become a real nurse without relying on that weird stuff! It should be possible! Even I know that. The force that moves me is how my heart doesn't want to be disliked or abandoned. I don't know what happened to that girl to give her a similar trauma to me. However, I would like to be able to support that little girl as much as I can, considering I'm a few years older than she is. I hope...I can support her. The same scenery as every morning. The night shift nurses explain the conditions of the patients during the night to the day shift nurses who take down notes. That's what was supposed to happen with the morning meeting. However, against expectations, with the Chief's words the scene turned into something different from usual.
Hatsumi: "Night shift nurses, good work. However, I have something to report to everyone before finishing the morning meeting."
Hatsumi: "I think everyone knows yesterday's tests results indicated that Miss Sakai's white blood cell count is up."
What... I didn't know that. I just haven't been checking since I haven't been in charge of her... Yamanouchi takes a look at my face and raises her hand.
Yasuko: "Excuse me! I think that everyone knows except for Sawai!"
The part-time and night-shift nurses chuckle. The Chief glances at me and slightly sighs. Yamanouchi didn't need to go ahead and say that!
Hatsumi: "After discussing this with the doctor and head nurse..."
Hatsumi: "I've decided to put Sawai back in charge of Miss Sakai."
Kaori: "What...?"
At first I don't believe my ears. Making me in charge of Miss Sakai again...?
Yasuko: "Good news!"
I return to my senses when Yamanouchi slaps my back. Ah, ouch...
Kaori: "O-Ow!"
Hatsumi: "...Though I must express some worries that you slacked off on checking up on the patient's reports after being removed from being in charge of her."
Yasuko: "Chief...Sawai mighta held back ‘cause she thought she wasn't allowed t’ look at the record!"
...Yamanouchi has my back... That's...really nice of her!
Nagisa: "Hey! Yamanouchi is just happy because she can put a difficult patient on Sawai!"
What...?
Yasuko: "That ain't true, Fujisawa! I'm not thinkin' none of that!"
Yasuko: "Sawai can do better this time. I won't be in charge of her, so the trouble... *Cough* I will be free from another fussy patient, lightenin' my load."
Yasuko: "So other annoying... I mean, I can concentrate on patients that require more care. It's a good thing."
Nagisa: "Hmph! You're too clever with words!"
...I see what she's trying to say. However, this is a good thing for me. I mean, I get to be in charge of Miss Sakai again!
Hatsumi: "...Sawai."
The Chief quietly calls my name.
Hatsumi: "How do you feel? Do you want to be in charge of Miss Sakai again?"
Her eyes see through my heart. I think for a second. I remember Miss Sakai's face trying to stay strong. I want to be in charge of her again if I can... I don't know what I can do by being in charge of her again. However, I want to melt that frozen heart of hers. I want to tell her she doesn't have to pretend to be strong. I want to comfort her.
Kaori: "Honestly, I'm not confident, but I want to do my best. I'll give it my all!"
Hatsumi: "Okay. I'm glad to hear you're thinking positively about it."
Oh, the Chief smiled at me.
Hatsumi: "All right. Starting today please be in charge of Miss Sakai again."
Kaori: "What?! Starting today?!"
Hatsumi: "Is there any point in extending it until tomorrow? Either way we're doing the same thing. If we're going to put you in charge again, it's better to do it quickly."
What? That's the problem?!
Hatsumi: "So Miss Sakai's nurse has now been changed from Yamanouchi to Sawai."
Hatsumi: "Also, in order to improve her data, her bed rest level will be increased. Yamanouchi..."
Yasuko: "I gotcha. I need to tell Ami that it's okay to come to Sayurin's room, right?"
Hatsumi: "Not Ami -- Miss Asada. Just don't let her tire Miss Sakai too much."
Yasuko: "Well, even if I don't tell ‘er, they'll just run into each other in the bathroom or somethin’! Like magnets, those two."
Hatsumi: "That's perfectly fine. Now then -- night nurses, you may go. Day nurses, let's shape up."
Nurse A: "Okay. I'll take off then."
Nurse B: "See you later, Sawai. Good luck!"
The night shift nurses pat me on the shoulder as they leave. Uh... What am I supposed to do again?
Yasuko: "Fujisawa an' me'll take care of diaper changes and IV checks, so you read those reports and study up."
Oh. Good point. I've got to review those reports from when I wasn't in charge of Miss Sakai and really understand how she's been.
Nagisa: "S-Sawai... H-Hey, Yamanouchi, don't drag me!"
Yasuko: "C'mon, Fujisawa! Those diapers ain't gonna change themselves!"
Nagisa: "Y-Yamanouchi, don't pull me! Ah! Hmph! Hmph, hmph, hmph!"
Yasuko: "Pipe down, Horseysawa! Quit yer neighin'!"
Nagisa: "I'm not a horse! Hmph!"
With that, Senpai is dragged out of the nurses station by Yamanouchi....Oops! There's no time to space out, I've got to read Miss Sakai's reports!
Hatsumi: "...Glad to see everyone's so energetic."
I take two deep breaths.
Kaori: "Breathe in...breathe out..."
It's been a while since I've seen her, so I'm super nervous! I've got my replacement IV bottle, the IV supplies I need, my uniform is straightened out, and I don't have bedhead! All right!
Sayuri: "Come in."
Kaori: "I-I've come to change your IV!"
Sayuri: "......"
It's been a while since I've seen Miss Sakai. Is it just me, or is she a little...skinnier? And as usual, she looks like she's in a bad mood.
Kaori: "Er... Miss Sakai, I've been assigned back as your nurse, so...I'm looking forward to taking care of you."
I bow my head.
Kaori: "C-Can I...change your IV, then...?"
Sayuri: "......"
Oh, no...Miss Sakai's staring at me without saying a word... Those eyes really hurt. At least say something! Please!
Sayuri: "...Some things never change."
Kaori: "Hwah? What do you mean?"
Sayuri: "Like that insecure look on that face. I hate that expression."
Urgh. Miss Sakai's wasted no time in starting her attack!
Sayuri: "Don't you think you'll worry your patients when they see how utterly lacking in confidence you look? Can't you at least bluff for them? You're supposed to be a professional."
That! That tone! That's classic Miss Sakai right there.
Kaori: "Yeah...you know, you're right. You're really right."
I let myself ride the wave of nostalgia. She might have lost a little weight, but Miss Sakai is still Miss Sakai! I'm so glad that she hasn't changed a bit.
Sayuri: "What are you grinning to yourself about? Are you some kind of masochist?"
Oh, I was...grinning to myself? N-Now that's embarrassing... It's embarrassing, but...when I think about it, it's a little strange that I would grin in front of Miss Sakai like that.
Kaori: "Eh, eheheh..."
Sayuri: "What are you laughing about? It's gross. You're not making any sense."
Miss Sakai turns her face away. But I saw it. I saw that even though she looked angry, her face was just a little red. Is she...blushing? I'm kind of happy if she is!
Kaori: "I'm back!"
The moment I step into the nurses station, Senpai runs up to me with a worried expression.
Nagisa: "Oh, Sawai! Are you all right?! She didn't bully you, did she?!"
Kaori: "Senpai, no need to be so dramatic! Anyway, thanks for taking care of the diapers and IV rounds for me!"
I bow my head. Still, Senpai looks worried. Hmm...I guess I really worried her, then.
Yasuko: "What're ya grinnin' up a storm for? And tell me, Miss Me up to her old tricks?"
Yamanouchi pokes me with her elbow, and I nod vigorously.
Kaori: "Yeah, she said that she hated how I looked so unconfident."
Yasuko: "Is ‘hate' really somethin' you oughta say lookin’ so pleased?"
Kaori: "I don't know why, but...I was quite happy to hear it from her."
Yasuko: "We got a regular masochist on our hands."
Kaori: "Oh, Miss Sakai said that about me, too. Am I really a masochist...?"
Yasuko: "And a ditz, at that! Man, ain't nobody gonna take your throne."
Nagisa: "...Guys..."
I turn back when I near someone knocking on a desk. There's the Chief, with the most indecisive of looks on her face, seeming to be contemplating whether to yell at us or join in on the conversation.
Hatsumi: "...Can you wrap up the gossip exchange and get back to work?"
Sayuri: "Come in."
When I step into her room, Miss Sakai quickly hides something under her covers with a surprised look on her face.
Sayuri: "...Wh-What are you doing here? It's too early to change my IV, isn't it?"
She looks away from my face when she says that. Her cheeks are red again. And she audibly gulps....There's something fishy going on here. I caught a glimpse of what she hid under there for a split second, and it looked like a...book?
Kaori: "What were you reading, just now?"
Sayuri: "It's none of your business!"
A strong rejection. The force of her rejection makes me curious.
Kaori: "Hey, what were you reading?"
Sayuri: "What's it to you?!"
She half shouts and shoots a sharp look right at me. This is one of those rare times when I have the initiative. I had no idea that was all it would take to make me feel so...confident? Powerful?
Kaori: "Hey now, you don't want to shout -- it'll spike your blood pressure."
Sayuri: "You're the one making me shout!"
And she shouts again. If pushing doesn't work, how about pulling? When you push Miss Sakai, she tends to push back just as hard, so I'll give pulling her a bit of a try this time.
Kaori: "...Well, I want to know more about you, Miss Sakai."
Sayuri: "......"
Oh, a good reaction?!
Kaori: "I came here before IV time because I wanted to talk with you, Miss Sakai."
Sayuri: "......"
Kaori: "I'm sorry for interrupting your reading, but I want to know more about you, so..."
Sayuri: "If you want to play friends, then do it with someone else. Isn't there that girl who likes giving people weird nicknames? See, there's plenty of better options around."
Kaori: "But I don't want to be friends with someone else -- I want to be friends with you, Miss Sakai."
Kaori: "Even if we're only pretending at first, I think it would be great if we became friends in the end!"
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai's mouth is agape. Did I say something that strange?
Sayuri: "...Why?"
Kaori: "Wh-Why...?"
When Miss Sakai puts me on the spot, I stop and think about it. To be honest, being friends with her is more convenient in a variety of ways than being just nurse and patient. But...even I know that that's the wrong way to administer care. A better nurse wouldn't rely on friendship with a patient like that. A professional would provide the necessary care with while keeping the relationship at the level of nurse and patient. And I know that. But I've also come to know that to open Miss Sakai's heart, becoming her friend would be my fastest bet. Miss Sakai doesn't have all the time in the world left. I need to open her heart and get her thinking positively about her treatment...about holding onto life....Now, what should I say? What do I say to let her know how I feel without setting her off? Because being your friend would be convenient. Because I want to be your friend. No matter how I cover it up, Miss Sakai's going to see right through it. So I've got to go in from the front! I'll say it straight!
Kaori: "Well...it would be really convenient to be your friend, wouldn't it?"
Miss Sakai's mouth is agape...
Sayuri: "...Pff...*chuckle*... Ahaha!"
She bursts out laughing. I'm taken aback by that and fall into confusion.
Kaori: "Huh...? U-Uh...um...?"
Sayuri: "You don't have to be stupidly honest about EVERYTHING, you know."
Sayuri: "Serving your bitter pills with honey gets you what you want quicker. That's something you want to remember."
Still getting the giggles out of her system, Miss Sakai flips over her covers. The book she desperately hid is on her thighs.
Sayuri: "As thanks for making me laugh."
Kaori: "Paradise Banana..."
I pick up the book she hands to me. I flip through it to see that it's a gag manga. Black humor, no less.
Sayuri: "That's actually the third of that book I've bought. Someone stole the first when I was out, and my mother threw away my second one."
Sayuri: "My mother hates manga and things like it, so she would throw a lot of my stuff out without my permission. And of course she didn't care about how hard it is to find discontinued books."
Kaori: "Oh..."
And even so, she searched it out, bought it, and brought it into the hospital with her. She must really like this manga. I glance at her to see her cheeks red.
Sayuri: "...You're thinking I don't look like the gag manga type, aren't you?"
Kaori: "No, though I do think you're more approachable now."
Miss Sakai goes bright red up to her ears and looks away in a huff.
Kaori: "...Because I want to be friends with you, Miss Sakai."
I take a deep breath, look Miss Sakai in the eyes, and say it. I'm not lying. I definitely want to be friends with Miss Sakai. That much is true.
Sayuri: "...Is that so. Well, unfortunately, I don't have any intention of playing friends with my hospital's staff."
She looks off to the side in a huff. And when she does... A book tumbles onto the floor.
Sayuri: "...!"
Kaori: "...Oh..."
I pick up the book and check the title.
Kaori: "Paradise Banana...? Hey, can I take look at this?"
Sayuri: "......"
She didn't reply, so I flip through the pages. A gag manga. Black humor, nonetheless. Miss Sakai? Reading gag manga...? The contrast...the contrast...
Sayuri: "All right, enough!"
The manga in my hands is taken away by a red-faced Miss Sakai. What a shame... I wanted to look through more of it.
Kaori: "...And that's what happened, Senpai."
I told Senpai about the manga incident in Miss Sakai's room. My table is populated with beer cans and a variety of snacks. Nothing like a familiar sight to calm you down!
Nagisa: "Well, living in a hospital really stresses you out. But, still, a gag manga...? And Miss Sakai's reading it? Hmm..."
Nagisa: "I wonder if that means that just bullying you doesn't relieve enough stress?"
Kaori: "H-Hey, that's mean!"
Nagisa: "Well, that aside, you can't just care for her physical health -- you've got to care for her heart, too."
Nagisa: "You're back to being in charge of her, so make sure you don't regret things later. And I'll be supporting you, too, okay?"
Kaori: "Got it!"
Senpai really is kind.
Kaori: "I'll do my best!"
Nagisa: "That's what I like to hear! Here, have some squid!"
Kaori: "Yay!"
Going to work in the evening feels kind of weird. And that's right -- it's been a while, but I'm on the night shift today! And tonight's team is my preceptor, Senpai, and her partner for the shift, Yamanouchi.
Kaori: "Let's do our best tonight."
Nagisa: "Hey, no need to be so stiff..."
Kaori: "Well, you've got to be polite even to your friends!"
Yasuko: "You said it. Let's have a good night on the job. Oh, and just so ya know, I'm real spartan on my night shifts!"
Kaori: "That's what I wanted to hear! Take a look at this!"
I pull a notebook out of my bag. It says "Night Shift Notes"
on the cover.
Kaori: "After my last night shift, I reflected on what was important and wrote it down here!"
Nagisa: "Oh yeah? Can I see?"
I hand it over to Senpai. Yamanouchi is looking at it over Senpai's shoulder, as well.
Yasuko: "Hoh-hoh...this is pretty interestin', seein' what Sawai thinks is important in the night shift..."
Nagisa: "Wasn't writing this really hard?"
Senpai looks worried. Wanting to put Senpai at ease, I slowly shake my head with a smile.
Kaori: "I won't say that it wasn't hard, but since I made trouble for you back then and I really want to be independent as soon as I can, it wasn't painful at all."
Nagisa: "Sawai..."
Yasuko: "Hoh-hoh! Yer the very model of an...all right, not a nurse, but of a rookie nurse!"
Kaori: "*Sigh*... It's finally lights out..."
It's not my first night shift, so I don't have to worry about panicking, but......I do slip up on occasion, and Senpai and Yamanouchi would have to back me up. I still have ways to go. I'm doing my best, but I still can't pull it off...
Nagisa: "You did good, Sawai. If you can manage to hold out till lights out, you've basically cleared half the night shift."
Kaori: "...Oh, really...?"
Nagisa: "C'mon, no need to be so down! Cheer up a bit -- we've got a mountain of reports to get to!"
Kaori: "Got it..."
She's right, there's no time to be down on myself. I've got to write up my reports!
Yasuko: "And them's my reports! How 'bout you guys?"
Nagisa: "You're always so fast, Yamanouchi."
Yasuko: "Sittin' on yer heels and spinnin' yer pen ain't gonna help ya write a good report! Ya gotta knock out what ya can, fast!"
Yasuko: "An' besides, we only need one person on staff in the night, so if ya write yer reports up fast, ya get more break time."
I see...
Yasuko: "So, which of us is goin' on break? ...Though I guess I don't need t' ask."
Nagisa: "Yeah, sorry...I haven't finished my reports yet..."
Yasuko: "Got it. I'll be headin' in first, then!"
Huh?! Yamanouchi's already gone on break?!
Kaori: "Didn't break start at twelve?"
Nagisa: "Yeah, and?"
Senpai looks genuinely surprised.
Kaori: "But it's still just past eleven!"
Nagisa: "Yeah, but Yamanouchi's finished with her reports. She's in the break room, but she's pretty much on call until twelve."
Oh, I get it. She's not in the nurses station, but even though she's in the break room, she's still acting as though she were in the station with us.
Nagisa: "...Though it does kind of suck to have her moonlight on us like this..."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Nagisa: "*Giggle* Oh, nothing, nothing."
...Moonlight? Wait, could she be talking about... It's one o'clock, and time for rounds. I'm scared of the dark, so I very timidly peer into each room. I feel less than amazing about how chicken I'm being, but it's totally fine! It's not like the patients can see me! Much, anyway. And speaking of that "much,"
surprisingly, there are still patients up at this hour. Not that I mind, though, as long as they're keeping quiet. Oh, for this set of rounds, Senpai and I have split it up with the bathroom in the middle. I'm on this side, she's on the other side. So I'm checking to see that the patients in room 301 to 303 are asleep without issue. But since I'm in charge of Miss Sakai now, I'm to check on her room -- 311.
Nagisa: "Hey. Finished up your rounds?"
Kaori: "Yep, aside from room 311."
Nagisa: "Well, I'll head back to the station, so come back after checking on 311."
Kaori: "Got it."
I gently hold room 311's doorknob. I quietly open the door and check to see that Miss Sakai is in bed......... Wait, is it just me, or is she not there?!
Kaori: "M-Miss Sakai...?"
I take a step in the room. But she just isn't there. Miss Sakai's level of bed rest had increased when I became her nurse, and she's allowed to walk around the ward when she's energetic, but I'd appreciate it if she were in her room during my rounds! Where did she go?! All right, let's calm down and think. Calmly, calmly... I put my hands together and over my chest, then take some deep breaths...
Kaori: "...Oh!"
A vision of the roof comes to mind. I don't have any proof of it, but Miss Sakai has to be on the roof!
Kaori: "M-Miss Sakai...? Miss Sakaiii...? Are you there...? Oh!"
There she is! I'm so glad she's here!
Kaori: "You really scared me, disappearing all of a sudden like that!"
I stand next to Miss Sakai as she looks up into the night sky. Without looking at me and simply keeping her eyes on the stars, Miss Sakai murmurs.
Sayuri: "...I'm sorry."
Her apology, lacking any posturing, stuns me.
Sayuri: "...I just...wanted to see the stars..."
Not seeming to notice how surprised I am, she reaches her hand out into the night sky. What am I doing...?
Sayuri: "...There are some things you can't reach, no matter how much you want them."
Sayuri: "Work hard, and your dreams will come true. I used to believe that, long ago."
Sayuri: "But that's not how reality works. Your efforts don't always mean you get what you want."
She speaks bluntly. Dreams that don't come true... What was Miss Sakai's dream? What had she hoped to achieve, and how hard had she worked for it? And how did she feel when she said there were dreams that wouldn't come true no matter how hard you worked?
Kaori: "You're right...but you know what I think? I think your dreams won't come true if you don't work at them."
Sayuri: "......"
Keeping silent, she lowers the hand she had reaching out to the sky.
Kaori: "It's not a matter of if your dreams come true or not, it's more important to just hold onto a dream you want to achieve --"
Kaori: "that's what motivates you. And you know, sometimes all you can do is try."
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai just quietly looks up at the stars. I join her. There's a really good view of the Milky Way from here. You know, I really should've studied up on my constellations more. Then I'd be able to say something clever and relevant.
Sayuri: "Achew!"
Kaori: "Huh?"
Was that a...a sneeze?! What a cute sneeze.
Kaori: "Miss Sakai, let's get back to your room, okay? You're allowed to walk around now, but if you catch a cold, you'll end up stuck in your room again."
With a tiny nod at my urging, Miss Sakai starts walking. When I get back to the nurses station after seeing Miss Sakai off to her room, Senpai is waiting for me with a worried face. Yamanouchi, who I thought was taking a nap, is sitting in a station chair looking bored.
Nagisa: "Oh, she's back! We were really worried about you!"
Kaori: "I'm sorry, Senpai..."
Yasuko: "Go on yer trysts in moderation. Anyway, I'm gonna catch some more shut-eye."
Kaori: "Whuh? T-Trysts?!"
Yamanouchi says no more and holes back up in the break room. Nothing else happens through the night, and we make it to the morning.           I'm...dreaming, again?              It's the same dream I usually have.     That dream with the girl who looks an awful lot like me.           Today, she's sleeping           with her head on my lap.            I gently stroke her hair.     When I do, her eyes open up.
???: "...Hey, you're not going to leave me, right? Will you always stay by my side?"
Her eyes seem like they're trying to peer right into my heart.
Kaori: "H-Hey, that was really sudden...you gave me a scare."
I nod and smile, trying to put her at ease. Looking relieved, the girl closes her eyes.
???: "I was so lonely for so long. I've been by myself for so long..."
Kaori: "You have...?"
I stroke the girl's hair again. Then, my finger brushes against her forehead. It's cool to the touch.
Kaori: "......"
The coldness of her forehead leaves me with an unplaceable unease.
====================scr00903.kgo====================
Miss Sakai's condition is one step forward and one step back. When I think she's gotten better, she'll have a fever. When I think she's not doing well, she'll say she's fine. I knew I wouldn't be able to go by the books with this, but each of her symptoms is just so tough to deal with... Hm? There's no answer. Did she not hear me?
Kaori: "Miss Sakai? I'm coming in..."
I step into Miss Sakai's room and immediately see something red staining her white sheets.
Kaori: "M-Miss Sakai?!"
She's in bed, holding her nose.
Kaori: "A nosebleed?!"
I run up to her bed, pull out five tissues from the box, and put them into Miss Sakai's hands.
Kaori: "Hold down hard on your nose with these! Oh, and I'm borrowing this towel!"
I take a towel from her bedside and wet it at her room's sink.
Kaori: "Cool off the top of your nose with this."
I hurry back to the nurses station, grab a cooling agent from the freezer, then put some peroxide and a change of sheets on a nurse cart and bring it back to Miss Sakai. As I cool the root of her nose with the cooling agent, I use the wet towel to wipe down her bloodied hand and face, then change her bloodied sheets. And of course, I don't forget to use the peroxide to clean the blood off of Miss Sakai's pajamas. And to finish it off, I check her vitals!
Sayuri: "...You've gotten a bit better, I'd say."
Miss Sakai says that while I measure her blood pressure.
Kaori: "Oh, really?"
Sayuri: "Compared to before, that is."
Oof, that almost cancels out the compliment....My happiness quickly fades. After finishing checking her vitals, I inform the Chief, finish my reports, and change the IVs I need to....Since I have a bit of time, I decide to ask her about how much she's been eating. Because she's been eating very little, as usual. If this keeps up, I'm going to have to increase her drip amount, or put her on liquid food... When I ask her, though, Miss Sakai sulks and looks the other way.
Kaori: "So, listen, it's really important to eat..."
Sayuri: "I don't need you to tell me that!"
She suddenly throws the plastic cup in her hands to the floor.
Sayuri: "I'm not eating because I don't want to eat! That's all there is to it!"
Kaori: "Miss Sakai, please, calm down...!"
Sayuri: "Nothing I eat tastes any good! How do you expect me to eat anything?!"
Kaori: "But you won't get better if you don't eat!"
Sayuri: "I don't need to get better!"
That declaration makes my eyes go wide. Does that mean she...doesn't want to get better?
Sayuri: "There's no one waiting for me! I don't have anywhere to go home to! My mother doesn't even want me to leave the hospital!"
Sayuri: "So what's the point of me getting better?!"
I...couldn't say anything. I was so battered down by the darkness inside Miss Sakai -- the sheer depth of her despair, that all I could do was drag myself out of her room... I certainly have a long way to go.
Nagisa: "You really don't need to worry about Miss Sakai, okay? You're doing what you're supposed to, so...cheer up?"
Senpai tries to comfort me. But...
Kaori: "......"
If I were a better nurse, I might have been able to avoid putting Miss Sakai on edge like that. I might not have made Miss Sakai say something as tragic as there being no meaning in getting better.
Hatsumi: "...I hope we can find a donor soon..."
I hear the Chief let out a deep sigh. When I'm about to go into the bath, I take a look at my phone. It looks like I'd gotten a call, because the light is blinking. It's a number I don't recognize. I wonder if I should call back or not. It's not a prank call or anything, right? That's...that's been solved, right?
Kaori: "Uwah?!"
I accidentally drop my phone... This...this'll be fine, right? It won't be a silent call if they answer?
Kaori: "H-Hello...?"
Kaori: "Oh...oh, yes. Thank you..."
Kaori: "...Wow."
I have to voice my awe. The transplant coordinator was on the phone. A certain patient's HLA matched with mine. Which means I've been chosen as a bone marrow donor. The call was to inform me of that. I'd totally forgotten that I'd registered in the bone marrow bank until this call came in. When I flippantly asked who the recipient would be, the coordinator said they couldn't tell me. I knew that's what they would say, but I'm a little disappointed. And come to think of it, I'm going to have to take some time off of work when I donate my marrow, right? I've got to let the Chief know!
Hatsumi: "Hello, Otsuka speaking."
Kaori: "Oh, Chief? This is Sawai! So, I just got this call..."
Dawn breaks, and I'm at work. My HLA may have matched with some stranger's HLA, but the world hasn't changed.
Kaori: "Good morning!"
Yasuko: "Oh, there you are, Sawai! Got some real big news!"
The moment I step into work, Yamanouchi runs up to me.
Kaori: "Is it...good news?"
Yasuko: "Can't ya tell by the smile on my face, Sawai?!"
Kaori: "O-Owie...!"
She smacks me on the back. Yeesh! Would it kill her to stop hitting me?! ...But if it were that easy to just say it to her face, I would've done it a long time ago... Hooboy.
Nagisa: "They found a bone marrow donor for Miss Sakai!"
Kaori: "They what?"
A donor for...?
Yasuko: "Now accordin' to what they say, the donor could back out, and there's a chance things'll fall through based on both parties' health."
Yasuko: "but it'd be real nice if no wrenches got tossed in the plan!"
Kaori: "Yeah!"
Everyone's really happy. Me, too, of course! Is this a coincidence? Yeah, it's gotta be a coincidence!
Kaori: "Now Miss Sakai is a step closer to that transplant! I just know she'll get better!"
Hatsumi: "No matter how the transplant ends up, we need to make sure Miss Sakai has more stamina. Sawai, have you made a practical care plan yet?"
A care plan?
Kaori: "Er...I... Um..."
Urgh...I...haven't made anything of the sort. I've been so focused on getting Miss Sakai to open her heart that I hadn't even thought how I would get her to eat more, or anything.
Kaori: "I'm sorry. I haven't yet."
Yasuko: "Whoa...the rookie didn't even make an excuse!"
Hatsumi: "...I see."
Urgh...I feel really bad about this...
Hatsumi: "The IV is the last resort when it comes to getting her her nutrition. Ideally, we want her to actually eat. Remember that, Sawai."
Kaori: "Y-Yes ma'am!"
Hatsumi: "Chewing the food breaks it down and mixes it with saliva, which aids in digestion. It then goes to the stomach and intestines..."
Hatsumi: "and even though the process is so simple, the effect it has on nutrient absorption is immense."
Hatsumi: "Medical science has advanced, giving us catheters and the like, but nothing can quite match the effects of the functions the body already has."
Ohh...the wonders of the body, huh?
Hatsumi: "But if she still stubbornly refuses to eat, do threaten her with a thick catheter up her nose and a liquid diet."
Kaori: "Threaten her?!"
I'm shocked at her statement, but the Chief simply smiles....Oh. That was a joke. As I mull over my relief, I realize I'm still surprised -- the Chief actually tells jokes. That said, time to challenge her dietary instruction again!
Kaori: "You've finally got a donor lined up, so you need your stamina! What do you say?"
Sayuri: "There's still a big chance that the donor will change their mind and throw the whole thing off, isn't there?"
She's in pouty mode, for some reason. She has to be happy about a donor being found, but she's saying what she doesn't mean -- as usual.
Kaori: "Well, even on the off chance that the donor pulls out, if you build up your stamina, you'll be able to hold out until the next one shows up. Know what I mean?"
Sayuri: "...You sure are positive."
She's...being sarcastic, isn't she? But I'm not going to fold! Getting Miss Sakai to actually eat is my first priority, so I don't have any time to feel sorry for myself!
Kaori: "So you've got to eat. You don't have to eat absolutely everything, but you can eat at least half of your meals, right?"
Sayuri: "...I don't want to eat any of it. It's not yummy."
Her childish tone tugs at my heartstrings. This is probably how she really is. Her usual barbed politeness is probably just her putting on a strong front...
Kaori: "Is that so...? It's not yummy, huh..."
Well, if it doesn't taste good, I guess you wouldn't want to eat it. Hm? Hey, wait a second. Didn't Miss Sakai say some time ago that nothing she ate tasted good? I'm not sure if it's a dysfunction of her sense of taste or something more mental, but she's saying that she doesn't want to eat because her meals aren't tasty. Does that mean, then, that she'd eat something she thought was tasty? Something she liked? This might work well as a part of the care regimen!
Kaori: "Then what would you eat? Is there anything you want to try?!"
All right, first I've got to make Miss Sakai actually want to eat!
Kaori: "Ask me anything, just try! I'll persuade the Chief and get your doctor's permission!"
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai looks down, seeming to be thinking.
Sayuri: "...A fluffy omelet."
Kaori: "An omelet?"
Her suggestion is unexpected. When I repeat the word, she nods.
Sayuri: "When I was in elementary school...my teacher made me one..."
She speaks, slowly but surely. I keep quiet and listen, careful not to interrupt her story.
Sayuri: "The base was really spongy and soft, like a pancake, and it wrapped around fluffy whipped cream and fruit... It was so good..."
She has a dreamlike expression on her face.
Sayuri: "...I just watched her make it, but..."
Memories of elementary school must be really dear to Miss Sakai.
Sayuri: "It was so soft, so sweet, so tasty..."
Sayuri: "And my teacher gave me her own half, telling me to chill it in the fridge and eat it later."
My chest starts to tighten in pain, all of a sudden.
Sayuri: "My mother wasn't the type to do that, so it was my first time eating something like that at home."
Sayuri: "My teacher apologized for it being so ‘simple', but it was the first hand-made treat I’d ever had..."
Then, Miss Sakai looks like she's about to cry.
Sayuri: "But after other parents yelled at her for ‘playing favorites’, one day, she just...disappeared from the school."
Her words are tinged with loneliness. I remember her mother, who I'd only met in the hallway some time before. The mother who handed a document to her sick, bedridden daughter to disown her and immediately left. How much was Miss Sakai hurt by that? She pretends to be all right, but there's no way she is... She must have really wanted to cry her eyes out, too...
Sayuri: "Can you get off me? I can't breathe..."
When I come to, I realize I've been hugging Miss Sakai.
Kaori: "O-Oh! Sorry for hugging you all of a sudden!"
I quickly pull myself back.
Sayuri: "I...I don't really mind..."
Her cheeks slightly reddened, she looks away from me. Normally she would have lashed at me with a litany of curses, but Miss Sakai is pretty quiet today. Maybe I should consider this her opening her heart a little.
Kaori: "So, a sweet omelet, right?! I'll negotiate with the Chief right away!"
I put my hand over Miss Sakai's thin one. Then, I write "omelet"
in big letters on the back of my hand. She should be able to clearly see it.
Kaori: "I probably won't be able to get one immediately, but I definitely, positively, absolutely will make one and bring it to you soon!"
Sayuri: "...All right...I'll wait, but I won't expect anything..."
She smiles softly at me. All right! Now I've really got to do my best! I catch the Chief right after I get into the nurses station and immediately talk it over with her. After quietly hearing what I have to say, the Chief vigorously nods again and again.
Hatsumi: "...Now that's a good idea. Miss Sakai doesn't have any dietary restriction orders out, so I'm sure it should be fine."
With that, she pulls up the phone receiver in her right hand and calls the doctor down in the outpatient ward. After a bit of conversation, she hangs up.
Hatsumi: "Got the doctor's permission."
Kaori: "Hwah?"
Th-That was fast!
Hatsumi: "Do as you see fit. I'll take the responsibility."
Kaori: "......"
I just look at the Chief, stunned. Does that mean...it's okay? ...... That's...actually kind of a let-down, in a way. Which means that I should get the tools and ingredients on my way tonight... But, that's when it hits me. I've never made treats before!
Kaori: "...Er..."
I steal a glance at the Chief....Nope, not happening. She lives in a messy room and can't even make tea right. There's no way she can make sweets. *Sigh*... Is there anyone else I can turn to...?
Yasuko: "I'm back! It's reports time!"
Yamanouchi comes back. Now Yamanouchi used to be in charge of Miss Sakai, her room is clean, and she looks like she takes care of cooking and cleaning. She's probably my best bet....But.
Yasuko: "Hm? An omelet?"
Yasuko: "And a sweet one, at that? Beats me. Just buy one, would ya?"
She strikes me down. You're absolutely right, Yamanouchi. But I don't want to give her something I just bought -- I want her to eat something handmade.
Nagisa: "I'm back...hm? What's wrong?"
Kaori: "Senpai!!"
The Chief's a waste of time, and Yamanouchi shot me down, so I went to my last lifeline: Senpai.
Nagisa: "So basically, you don't know how to make a sweet omelet, so you're looking for someone to help you?"
Kaori: "Yeah..."
I get the feeling that her eyes glinted.
Nagisa: "Heh heh heh..."
Senpai hits her chest with a proud look.
Nagisa: "Then just leave it your Nagisa Senpai! From cooking to sewing, I'm surprisingly good at any kind of housework!"
Yasuko: "Listen to her, sayin' ‘surprisingly’ all by herself!"
Nagisa: "I'll even wrap the finished omelet up nicely! I just know she'll love it!"
Yasuko: "With a girly finish, too!"
Kaori: "That's wonderful, Senpai!"
Yamanouchi teases her, but I ignore all that. Deeply moved, I squeeze Senpai's hands hard. This is the kind of stuff you have to do quickly! Make hay while the sun's shining, and all that! I buy the ingredients at the store on my way back, and we get to baking in my room! According to Senpai, you don't need any special kitchenware to make this omelet, so I can just use what I have. Senpai really comes through!
Kaori: "I've, um, only really made stew and curry and things like that..."
Nagisa: "...Well, stew and curry are kind of in the same category."
I speak about all sorts of things with Senpai while we make the omelet. And it's not the flippant sort of conversation we'd have over drinks, either. 
Nagisa: "Sawai, you've been working really hard lately, haven't you? I think I've got to follow suit!"
Senpai sounds awfully positive.
Nagisa: "I've probably told you this before, but I've always wanted to be in the surgical ward."
She sprinkles in the flour and cracks the eggs as she speaks.
Nagisa: "Like, I think there's a lot more things you can do over in surgery, and it's really cool..."
Nagisa: "For example, when you think of the internal medicine ward, don't you think of, like...just drinking tea with old people and chatting?"
Nagisa: "But when I saw how hard you're working, Sawai...I've started to think I had it wrong."
Senpai adds milk into the bowl of flour and eggs and mixes it up with her cake mixer.
Nagisa: "It's like...you're giving your all to your work. You're totally taking it seriously..."
Nagisa: "When I came here, I couldn't make it in Tokyo, and I wasn't assigned to the surgical ward I wanted to be in, so I felt like my life was over..."
Wow...Senpai's chatting while baking...
Nagisa: "But that wasn't the case. I just wasn't serious about my work... No, I was just making up reasons to run away from it. That's all."
Nagisa: "There's no such thing as ‘cool' or 'uncool' when it comes to work. As I watched you, Sawai, I realized there are things you just can’t understand until you get serious."
Nagisa: "I was jealous of you, Sawai. I wondered...why does she seem so vibrant, when she's just a rookie?"
Nagisa: "I wasn't nearly that vibrant when I was a rookie last year."
Oh, looks like she's done mixing.
Nagisa: "So I wanted to be vibrant, too. I mean, I know this now, but I wanted to be like you. So I thought about how I could get some of that vibrancy myself."
Next, she lightly dips some oil into a frying pan.
Nagisa: "...That's when I noticed it for the first time. I wasn't facing my work seriously, like you are."
She heats up the frying pan a bit and pours in the batter... Wait, you don't put them all in?
Nagisa: "I realized that if I don't take on my work where I sweat, worry, think and cry sometimes, you'd pass me before long."
She weakens the flame just a little.
Nagisa: "So...I really can't thank you enough, Sawai."
It's starting to smell really good...
Kaori: "Th-Thank me...?"
Senpai lets out a reserved smile, lets go of the frying pan, and shakes my hand.
Nagisa: "Thanks, Sawai. Thanks for letting me realize something so important."
Kaori: "...I..."
Nagisa: "I love you, Sawai. How about you? Do you love me?"
Kaori: "Senpai..."
Nagisa: "I'm a pathetic senpai -- I can't even take my work seriously, but I'm going to have a change of heart and work really hard, so will you keep on loving me?"
For a moment, I see the girl from my dream layered over Senpai. That girl begged for love, too. But I don't feel the sheer loneliness from Senpai that I felt from that girl. Her face draws closer. W-Wait, what...? Are we...going to kiss? Can I kiss her? Kiss her. Don't kiss her. There's a soft sensation at my lips. I-I...I actually kissed Senpai...!
Nagisa: "Eheheh..."
Senpai's right there in front of me, with red cheeks and a bashful smile.
Nagisa: "Sawai...will you work hard with me?"
I don't have any reason to refuse.
Kaori: "I will..."
Nagisa: "Hey, something smells good... Whoa, the dough's already finished?!"
I muster up just a bit of courage. I step up and kiss her on the forehead.
Nagisa: "Huh...?"
Senpai looks taken aback. I give her the best smile I can manage.
Kaori: "I'll do my best, Senpai...so I want you to do yours, too."
She giggles. An expression of almost-tears comes over her for a moment, but it's immediately replaced with a bright smile.
Nagisa: "Yeah...yeah, you're right! Sorry, can you forget what just happened?"
Nagisa: "And hey, something smells good... Whoa, it's done already?!"
Kaori: "Wh-Why do you sound surprised? You were making it while we had that deep conversation."
Nagisa: "Wait, seriously?! I actually made it unconsciously?!"
You...you did it unconsciously, Senpai...? Senpai may think she's no good as a nurse, but I have to think that she's actually amazingly talented.
Nagisa: "W-Well, I figure you've got it from looking at how it was made, but you want to put in flour, eggs, and milk for the pancake part and fry it up -- that's it!"
Nagisa: "If you put too much of the base in, the pancake part will get too thick, and the thicker it is, the harder it is to make sure it gets cooked through, so be careful, all right?"
Nagisa: "Everyone has their personal preference, but when you make the pancake part thin, it's almost like a crepe."
Nagisa: "Next, you whisk up the cream..."
Senpai seems really used to making treats. Everything she does is thought out and methodical. Wow.
Nagisa: "Then you put the cream and fruit inside it, fold it in two, and voila."
That...that was fast... She whipped up the cream in the blink of an eye...
Nagisa: "You want to cutely wrap the finished product up and chill it until it's time to eat."
Kaori: "I see..."
But since it was mostly Senpai that made this, I've got to review how you make it one more time before she leaves!
Nagisa: "Anyway, I've got one fried pancakey part ready, so how about you make one and taste it?"
Kaori: "Sure!"
Kaori: "Good morning!"
I energetically walk into the nurses station. It's after breakfast time, and the ward is a bit noisier than usual. I never really experience the ward like this unless I'm here at dawn during a night shift, but since I have to get Miss Sakai her omelet today, I'm here an hour and a half earlier.
Hatsumi: "Good morning, Sawai. You're rather early today."
Kaori: "G-Good morning! W-Wait, Chief, you always come this early?!"
Keeping her smile to her mouth alone, the Chief takes a look at the paper bag I have on me.
Hatsumi: "You didn't waste any time in making it, I see. It's good to be proactive about these things."
Kaori: "Eheh..."
The Chief complimented me!
Hatsumi: "Do tell me what Miss Sakai thought of it later."
Kaori: "I will!"
When I get into her room, Miss Sakai looks at me with suspicious eyes. She looks at me, then at her cracked clock, then back at me again.
Sayuri: "You're here awfully early today. Was doing overtime not enough? Did you have to start the day early, too?"
She can be as mean as she wants, I don't mind! I'm going to turn that frown upside-down!
Kaori: "I came because I kept my promise!"
I hand Miss Sakai the paper bag. She takes the bag with dubious eyes, but when she looks inside, her eyes go wide, and she nearly tears up......then, a vexed look comes over her face. The anger I'm seeing may be because she's holding back tears.
Kaori: "Go ahead, give it a taste! I don't know if you'll like it or not, but I tasted it myself and think it isn't half bad."
Sayuri: "......"
Her trembling hand goes into the bag. She pulls out not Senpai's masterfully crafted and beautifully wrapped pastry, but rather the contorted mess of an omelet that I wrapped. Then she peels off the elephant sticker I'd put on to draw attention from its awkwardness, takes off the wrapping paper, and quietly bites into the omelet. And that moment. A tear rolls down Miss Sakai's cheek.
Kaori: "D-Did it taste bad?!"
I quickly peer at Miss Sakai's face.
Sayuri: "This isn't...this isn't good..."
The tears keep streaming down her face.
Sayuri: "This...this couldn't be..."
Though she complains, she holds the omelet gently in her hands, as if she's treasuring it. She's having trouble being up front, isn't she? But her attitude, her expression, her tears, the movement of her fingers...all of them betray Miss Sakai's tough-sounding words.
Kaori: "Oh...I'm sorry about that. But I'm glad you're eating it for me."
Sayuri: "......"
She won't tell me how she truly feels. I don't know if she can't tell me, or simply won't. But her silence tells me how she truly feels. She doesn't need to say what she actually thinks. Really. Because I'm going to do my best to get to a point where I can pick up on how she feels deep down. I sit down in the round chair and watch over her as she eats the omelet in tears. I'm glad that she's taking so long to taste it as she works through the omelet.
Sayuri: "...Thank you very much. I'll put the rest in the freezer."
She embarrassingly lowers her head as she wipes her tears.
Kaori: "You're not going to put it in the fridge?"
Sayuri: "No...it tastes better when you put it in the freezer...and it lasts longer."
Kaori: "You can eat it all in one go, you know. I can just make you another if you want."
She shoots me a glare.
Sayuri: "...Are you trying to make me fat?"
Miss Sakai's glares don't work on me -- not when she's so teary-eyed!
Kaori: "Yeah. If it'll get you to eat a lot -- and not just omelets -- I'll do anything."
When I beam at her, she turns away in a huff. Aw, Miss Sakai goes red down to her neck.
Kaori: "Well, I'm going to go sit in for morning reports. I'll be right back for my morning check on you, though!"
When I stand up, she immediately turns clinging eyes to me. I'm not trying to bake my way into her heart, but I do hope this omelet is the start of her opening up to me.
Sayuri: "......"
Kaori: "Well, I'll see you later."
When I step out of the room, I hear a quiet voice.
Sayuri: "...It really was good."
Kaori: "......"
I close the door and walk out into the hall as if nothing happened. I look around to make sure no one is around, then double over right then and there.
Kaori: "Urgh..."
There's still some time before morning reports. I go down into the stairwell and cry a bit until I calm down.
Hatsumi: "...I see. So you didn't write that exchange you had in your report..."
Kaori: "Y-Yeah..."
The Chief was too busy during work for me to report this to her, so I tell her about it in her room after work. I was happy enough to cry that Miss Sakai said the omelet was good, so I reported it to the Chief in tears.
Hatsumi: "I'm really glad she liked it."
Oh, Chief... If you say something that nice, I'll...
Kaori: "M-Me, too...*sniff*..."
Hatsumi: "Your tear glands are weak today. Have some honey milk and calm down?"
The Chief strains out a smile and warms me up some honeyed milk in the microwave. The sweet scent of honey assails my nostrils. I take a sip and let out a teary smile.
Kaori: "Aww, Chief, this is way too sweet. Did you put in too much honey?"
Hatsumi: "This sweetness is about perfect for crying girls."
We giggle at each other.
Hatsumi: "Go ahead, answer your phone."
Kaori: "Oh...right."
Kaori: "Hello...? Oh, yes, this is Sawai speaking."
I remember whose voice this is! It's the transplant coordinator!
Kaori: "Yes! I still want to be a donor, and I received permission from my boss, so it should be fine."
After answering a few questions, I hang up the phone.
Hatsumi: "...Looks like it's finally time."
Kaori: "It really is."
Kaori: "Apparently they'll send me word of when the transplant will take place after they check the status of the recipient's health."
Hatsumi: "I see. Well, I'll take responsibility for the ward and cover for you while you're gone, so focus entirely on your transplant when the time comes."
Kaori: "Yes, ma'am!"
Miss Sakai is to be transferred to another hospital. Our hospital can't perform bone marrow transplants, so she'll be transferring to a larger hospital that we're affiliated with -- Teito University Hospital. And I knew that, but... I'm going to miss her. After eating the omelet I made for her, Miss Sakai seems to be clinging onto life more, so her 20\% meal intake jumped up all the way to 60\%. I've gotten used to making sweet omelets myself, so now I can do prep work the night before, wake up early, and quickly make them, but she won't be around much for that. I know I need to be glad that she found a donor, and that we've made it all the way to the transplant, but...I really am selfish for missing her, aren't I?
???: "Good morning, Kaorin!"
I twitch in surprise. I turn around to see Ami grinning at me. Oh no, I'm on the clock, too! This is going to shatter my focus!
Ami: "Hey, Sayurin told me that you made a treat for her!"
Oof, Ami's quick to find things out. Though there's no surprise there, since Miss Sakai and Ami get along pretty well.
Ami: "I'm so jelly! I'd love to have some handmade treats straight from you, Kaorin! I'd REALLY love to!"
Kaori: "Er..."
Now this is a bit problematic. I'm out in the hallway, and if any other patients overhear this, they'll think I'm playing favorites... And this is right in front of Miss Sakai's room...
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai pops her face through her doorway, looking cranky.
Ami: "Er...um... Hey, I'll go back to my room."
Ami nervously retreats. Yeah, even Ami would be scared if Miss Sakai gave her a glare that ferocious....I'm pretty used to it, though.
Kaori: "Good morning, Miss Sakai! And congratulations on your transfer!"
I hand her today's omelet with a smile. She takes the treat, maintaining her scowl. Could this scowl be because Miss Sakai's going to miss me when she transfers...?
Sayuri: "...Now you won't have to wake up early anymore. Good for you."
Kaori: "Oh, I wouldn't say that."
Sayuri: "What?"
Kaori: "I've got to build up my repertoire to be ready for you when you get back from your transplant!"
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai just looks at me with a baffled expression. W-Wait, did I say something weird?
Kaori: "Huh? You're going to stay in the university hospital until your immune system gets better after the transplant, then come back and fully recover here, right?"
Kaori: "You're not going to stay at the university hospital, right? You're coming back, right?"
A teary expression comes over Miss Sakai's face for a moment, then she lets out a sigh.
Sayuri: "...You're right. If all I get to eat is a one-trick dummy's omelet, I'll tire of it pretty quickly."
Kaori: "What?! But I've been changing up the fruit inside each time so you won't get bored!"
I purposely pout a little. The way she acts immediately awkward is really cute.
Sayuri: "...I-I was just saying that! Don't take it seriously, you amoeba!"
Kaori: "Amoeba...?"
Before I can dig deeper, she closes the door on me. So should I take that as her saying she's not bored with my omelets yet? I totally can, right? And her calling me an amoeba was just her hiding how embarrassed she was, right?
Kaori: "*Giggle*... Heh heh..."
A wave of laughter comes over me. *Giggle*! I even skip my way back to the nurses station!                 Oh...            I'm having that dream again...      The girl who looks a lot like me when      I was younger appears before me.           She's looking at me           with a worried face.              What's wrong?         I try to speak,         but I have no voice.         She's on the verge of crying.        Looking awfully lonely and holding back tears,        she leaves.               Wait!               Don't go!        I hear a sound drawing closer...        An ambulance siren...?
====================scr00904.kgo====================
It's finally the day of Miss Sakai's transfer. We wait for the taxi in the hospital lobby. We don't have many words to share, but it doesn't feel too awkward. Come to think of it, this is where I first met Miss Sakai, down here in the outpatient ward.
Sayuri: "...I wonder if I'll be able to come back here."
She vocalizes her worry. That whimper is how she really feels. Transplants always have risks. Before the transplant, the useless bone marrow has to be struck. To make this possible, the patient is injected with a lethal amount of anti-cancer drugs and exposed to radiation. Essentially, they have to kill the faulty bone marrow once. That's why they put in a lethal amount of anti-cancer drugs. From there, they keep the patient alive while they kill their bone marrow. When you think about it, it's a terrifying treatment method. Complications due to the drugs are scary, but you can't let your guard down after the transplant goes through, either. If the new bone marrow isn't successfully grafted into the body, the transplant will be a failure. You can't relax after the graft, either. There's the possibility that the new white blood cells spawned from the bone marrow will think Miss Sakai's cells are foreign objects and attack them as part of GVHD, graft versus host virus. And even if the bone marrow grafts properly and GVHD is avoided, there's no guarantee that she will not suffer from aplastic anemia again. There are plenty of fearsome elements in the treatment. It's one where the patient has to risk his or her life. I gently hold onto Miss Sakai's hand on the bench.
Kaori: "...Try your best, okay?"
Our eyes meet. But she looks away in a huff.
Kaori: "I'll come visit you. And there's probably nothing I can do for you now, but...I'll be waiting for you here."
Sayuri: "...You don't have to worry about visiting."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Sayuri: "I'm saying you don't need to go out of your way to come visit. You've got work, don't you?"
I can't tell if she's being considerate of me, or if she's putting up a strong front. But.
Sayuri: "And besides, I'll probably lose my hair, or my skin will get all dry as a side effect... I don't want you to see me like that."
Even though it would be a temporary change, Miss Sakai's probably honest about not wanting me to see her in a different state. And my honest feelings are... I'll still go. I understand how you feel. I giggle so she can hear me.
Kaori: "I'm going because I want to, though. Don't worry about it, okay?"
Kaori: "And if you don't want to see me, you can just refuse visitors, all right?"
Kaori: "I can understand not wanting people to see you when you look different."
Kaori: "But if I'm nearby, I'll stop by to visit."
Sayuri: "......"
Sayuri: "It looks like the taxi is here."
Miss Sakai slowly stands up.
Kaori: "Oh, yeah..."
Sayuri: "You don't have to come outside to see me off. You should go back to work."
Saying that without fanfare, Miss Sakai picks up her bag and turns her back to me. Miss Sakai's going to leave... And all I can do for her is......I'll pray. Because praying is all I can do. I hope Miss Sakai's treatment goes well... The ward feels a lot lonelier. Is it because Miss Sakai isn't around? I was awfully distracted when I went out on a call, so the Chief just scolded me. "Pull it together! Miss Sakai isn't your only patient! If you're not going to work, then leave!"
It's been a while since the Chief has chewed me out, so I feel really bad about it. Yeah...worrying about Miss Sakai doesn't mean I should be out of it on the job. I need to get it together! I go up to the roof to find Ami there. I knew she'd be here.
Kaori: "Ami, about tomorrow's test..."
Ami: "...I'm alone again."
She says tersely. I look at her face to see that she's smiling through tears. She probably misses Miss Sakai a lot as well.
Ami: "I felt like I could get really close to Sayurin, too..."
It might be just bad timing, but Kohaku, Hiro, and Sho all left the hospital, leaving only Ami and Tsukushi in room 306. There was another kid who caught a cold on off season that got worse, but she left after a week.
Kaori: "Well, you've got Tsukushi, don't you?"
Ami: "...Yeah, but..."
She lowers her voice. She probably doesn't get along too well with Tsukushi, who tends to tell it like it is.
Ami: "...Sayurin never really went out of her way to talk to me, but..."
Ami: "...she was nice to be with, the way it felt like she'd accept everything good and bad about you..."
Wow... So that's what Miss Sakai seemed like to Ami.
Ami: "I hope Sayurin comes back soon."
Ami murmurs that, holding back tears.
Kaori: "Me, too... Want to pray together that the transplant'll be a success?"
Ami nods with teary eyes.                 I'm dreaming.      That familiar girl is bawling.
Kaori: "What's wrong? Did something sad happen?"
She looks up with a face wet with tears and continues to wail.
???: "I'm...I'm all alone again."
Kaori: "Huh?"
She starts sniveling. I wonder if she had a fight with her friend? She's crying so much that I can't help but feel bad for her and embrace her. She has a cold, ominous body. When I twitch and try to pull away, she hugs me tighter instead.
???: "What about you? You won't abandon me, right?"
Kaori: "......"
I find myself speechless.
???: "I hate being alone... Please, don't abandon me..."
A cry in my ears. The frigidness of her cold body starts to pour into me....Is this a vision of death? I hear an ambulance siren howling from the distance. My eyes suddenly go dark.
Kaori: "!!"
The chilly vision of death wraps around my body.
Kaori: "Stop! Get off me, stay away!"
I struggle and squirm inside its cold grasp, trying to get away from death's image however I can.
Kaori: "!!"
I jerk awake.
Kaori: "A...a dream...?"
Kaori: "......"
I let out a sigh and take some deep breaths. Then, a question presents itself. Who was the girl in my dream?     "I'm all alone again..."
      "...I'm alone again."
Kaori: "Wait, could that have been...?"
The girl's words merge with Ami's. If she was Ami, what was she doing in my dream? And why in the world was her body so deathly cold?
Kaori: "I'm...I'm beat..."
When I finally get out of room 303, I lean against a wall in the corridor and take some deep breaths. I went to room 303 for Yamanouchi when a nurse call came in, but... Mr. Toshiru's dementia has gotten REALLY bad! I can't get anything through to him, and our conversation turned into a comedy skit halfway through. And even Mr. Toi, bedridden and admitted after a heart attack, burst out laughing. It was a lot to deal with!
Kaori: "Well, I've got to go back and report this to Yamanouchi."
I stretch out the stress and start walking for the nurses station.
Ami: "......"
Hm? Was that Ami I passed just now? She seemed kind of different from usual....... I was a little hesitant about calling out to her, but it would be weird to ignore her, too. All right, I'll talk to her!
Kaori: "Ami! Why the long face?"
Ami: "Eeps?!"
Ami literally leaps up in surprise. She doesn't need to be THAT surprised.
Ami: "I-It's nothing! I was just spacing out and you scared me a little... I-I'll be going!"
Kaori: "Ami?"
I watch her as she hurries back nervously to her room. Is it just me, or is there something strange about her? When I start heading back to the station, I notice there's something on the ground where Ami was.
Kaori: "...What's this?"
I pick it up to see that it's crumpled up wrapping.
Kaori: "......"
This wrapping with the cream on it...it's what was around the omelet I gave to Miss Sakai, right? What's it doing here? ...... I change my destination from the nurses station to room 311. And when I put my hand to the door......Wait, the door opens?! Now that's strange... The room should have been locked until Miss Sakai comes back. Just to make sure, I open the freezer. There are two frozen omelets left in the freezer. The door behind me opens, and Ami comes in looking like she's on the verge of tears.
Ami: "...I'm really sorry."
Kaori: "Ami...?"
Ami: "The Chief had forgotten to lock the door, so I snuck in and...ate the treat you made for Sayurin..."
Kaori: "......"
Ami: "I just really, really wanted to try the pastry you'd made..."
You could've just asked... I think to myself, but I quietly look up at Ami.
Ami: "But after I ate it...I really understood."
Ami: "It was made with your feelings for Sayurin in it...and it wasn't for me to eat..."
She starts to cry.
Ami: "I knew why Sayurin was keeping them frozen, but I... Ah, I'm such a traitor!"
Why was she keeping them frozen? She said that they'd stay good for longer if she kept them frozen, but...was there another meaning to it?
Kaori: "Ami, what do you mean?"
Ami: "Sayurin acted like she was annoyed that you'd started giving her your homemade treats, but she really liked it!"
Ami: "That's why she said that the first thing she'd do when she gets back to the hospital is eat the treats she has waiting for her!
Ami: "But I thought that...that if she didn't come back, I'd be able to eat them... I...I'm so awful!"
Ami is wailing. I'm...I'm sorry, but part of me can't sympathize.
Ami: "I'm...I'm a bad girl...! Kaori, please, yell at me! Tell me off!"
Kaori: "......"
What should I do? I don't think I should be the one to chew Ami out. So...
Ami: "?!"
I decide to just flick her on the forehead.
Ami: "...K-Kaorin?"
Kaori: "I can't tell you off, Ami."
I turn back to her and pull the last omelets out of the freezer.
Ami: "Kaorin, those..."
Kaori: "I can't leave these in an empty room's freezer."
Kaori: "I've got to get rid of them."
Ami: "Wait, you're...going to get rid of them?"
Ami seems baffled.
Kaori: "I'll give Miss Sakai a fresh batch when she comes back to the hospital, so I'm getting rid of these."
Ami: "You're going to throw them away?"
Kaori: "......"
I'm not going to throw them away. They're omelets Miss Sakai had kept frozen. I'm going to take them back home and eat them myself.
Ami: "Th-Then can I have them?! I can, right, since you're going to get rid of them...?"
Ami suddenly requests them. I freeze up for a moment, but then smile at her. They might give you a tummy ache. I'm eating them myself.
Kaori: "They might give you a tummy ache."
Ami: "I'll eat them a bit at a time so that doesn't happen! I'll be fine!"
Kaori: "But I can't give these to a patient, for safety's sake. I haven't gotten permission from your doctor, either."
I gently turn her down.
Kaori: "No. I'm going to eat these. I won't give them to anyone -- I can't."
I bluntly refuse.
Ami: "Oh...really...?"
Ami smiles through tears at what I say.
Ami: "Aww...I got dumped by Kaorin..."
Ami: "But...that's okay. That's how you are, and that's why I..."
After looking at me for a while, Ami turns away. Then, she silently leaves the room. I'm in Miss Sakai's room, alone. Ami's gone.
Kaori: "...I'm sorry."
I murmur that to no one in particular.
Sayuri: "...What are you gawking around at? Never seen a hospital before?"
I come to the Teito University Hospital to visit Miss Sakai on my day off. It's as big as you'd expect a university hospital to be, and I got a little lost at the entrance. But the ward Miss Sakai is in is a bit older than the rest of the hospital. It might be because it's old, but it's halls are a bit like the walls back at Yurigahama. And even the single room Miss Sakai is staying in seems familiar...
Kaori: "Hey, I'm not gawking around at anything."
Sayuri: "Are you just unaware?"
Oof, Miss Sakai looks annoyed. L-Leave me alone, okay? I'm wondering if all hospitals are like this. Or maybe our hospital and this ward were built in the same time period? ...... Well, whatever.
Kaori: "But that aside, here's a present I brought!"
I force myself to stop thinking about it and give Miss Sakai the box of sweets I bought at Kanakura on the way.
Sayuri: "...What is this?"
Kaori: "I figure you'll like this a lot better than anything I make."
She opens the box and takes a peek inside. I may be just imagining it, but she looks dissatisfied.
Sayuri: "...When they're this beautiful to look at, I feel like I can't eat them. Like it would be a waste."
Kaori: "What, really? But they have to be better than the treats I make."
Sayuri: "I know that. And besides, it's completely wrong-headed to compare a professional's work to an amateur's."
Oof...
Sayuri: "...But I really...prefer uglier sweets. It bothers me when they are almost too cute to eat..."
Oh, so that's what she meant. She's not displeased about their flavor, she's just disappointed that I didn't bring handmade stuff. She really needs to work on speaking her mind. Though that's one of the cute things about her! The sun has gone down a little. It looks like I stayed for a surprisingly long time.
Kaori: "Well, I think I'll be going, now."
Right when I pick myself up from my chair, she grabs my hand.
Kaori: "Hm...? What's up?"
Miss Sakai quickly lets go of my hand.
Sayuri: "...I-It's nothing..."
She averts her eyes. She seems to want to say something, but she stays quiet.
Kaori: "All right...I'll be off, then."
Sayuri: "......"
Kaori: "I'll come again later, okay?"
Sayuri: "......"
I think her grabbing my hand was her way of saying she didn't want me to leave. But this is Miss Sakai's hospital. I can't just stay here. I give her thin hand a little squeeze in the end and leave her room.              She's crying.      The girl in my dream is crying her eyes out.
???: "I've been abandoned! After all that, I've been thrown away!"
Kaori: "......"
Abandoned...? If that's true, what should I say to her? And who abandoned this girl, anyway? And why is she appearing in my dreams in the first place? I feel more anxiety about the girl herself than about her crying.
Kaori: "...Hey, who are you? Why are you in my dreams?"
Seeming to have not heard me, she shakes her head.
Kaori: "Can you tell me, please? I might be able to help you!"
The crying girl looks up.
???: "If you know who I am, I know you'll leave me..."
Kaori: "I'll what?"
She starts bawling again. Now I get it. This girl isn't Ami. And if she isn't Ami...
???: "No one loves me... No one even notices I'm here..."
???: "I wish the person I loved would notice me... I'm so lonely..."
Kaori: "I'm right here, and I notice you. Is that not enough?"
I touch her shoulder. It's still really cold. It's so cold it's hard to imagine she's alive. The girl's cold hand grasps mine. A chill shoots down my spine. And as fear works its way over me, all the hairs on my body stand on end. I'm scared...I'm scared...! Push her away. Let her touch you.
???: "....!"
I reflexively push her away. Then, the girl vanishes before my eyes. The moment before she vanishes, her eyes are as cold as ice. I can't push her away, not when she's this hurt! I have to be kind to her!
???: "......"
The girl raises her head and looks at me. Her eyes are as cold as ice.
???: "Hypocrite."
And with that, she vanishes before my eyes.
====================scr00905.kgo====================
Nurse: "Miss Sawai, good morrrning! It's time to take your temperature!"
Kaori: "Hwah?! O-Oh, right!"
The nurse that comes around hands me a thermometer. I put it under my armpit and pack it in tight.
Nurse: "Miss Sawai, how's the pain around the extraction point?"
Kaori: "Oh, it's gotten a lot better."
I'm in the Teito University's hospital. I got a call from the coordinator, and after adjusting my work schedule with the Chief, I came here to donate my bone marrow -- to the same hospital that Miss Sakai is in. My bone marrow was extracted the day after I was admitted to the hospital, but the total anesthesia I was put under made it so that I didn't feel any pain or fear. But when it was all over and I woke up, my hips...no, my butt hurt a little bit. Apparently, patients who have donated bone marrow have to stay in the hospital about a week after the operation. Some patients who undergo the operation get fevers, or their pain persists. Now that might happen to other people, but after donating my bone marrow, my pain was mostly gone after the following two days, so I figured I could leave the hospital by then.
Nagisa: "No way! There are risks to bone marrow donation! You really want to stay in the hospital for as long as they tell you to. What if you start an infection or something?!"
Yasuko: "Why not just stay there? You ain't slated for any shifts even if you get out of the hospital, so rest up, enjoy the ladies in white, and have yerself a time."
Hatsumi: "It's not every day you get a chance to observe nurses as a patient. Use this opportunity to watch the other professionals and study up."
Coming to visit, Senpai scolded me for my hastiness, Yasuko laughed me off, and the Chief gave a very Chief-like opinion. But my boring hospital days are over today! Once I eat my lunch, I'll no longer be a lowly patient at Teito Hospital!
Kaori: "Thanks for everything!"
When I express my gratitude in front of the nurses station, someone I assume is the head nurse comes out.
Head Nurse: "Oh, not at all, we haven't done a thing. I'm glad you didn't see any complications."
Head Nurse: "But you should be very proud of yourself, becoming a donor and all that."
Kaori: "Oh...I just did what I could."
I mean, this is all I can do...
Head Nurse: "...I just know the person who receives your marrow will get better."
Kaori: "I'd really like that."
When I smile, the head nurse smiles back.
Kaori: "Oh, before I forget. I think there's a patient in this hospital named Sayuri Sakai?"
Her eyebrow twitches.
Head Nurse: "...And what about her?"
The head nurse smiles cheerfully. She went just a little pale a moment ago, right? I wonder if something happened to Miss Sakai.
Kaori: "It might be asking much, but I do want to pay her a visit while I'm here. Do you know what room she's in?"
Miss Sakai had been moved to a sterile room in preparation for the operation. I haven't been able to go visit her since she's been in pre-op, so I don't know where she is now.
Head Nurse: "She's in the sterile room underground, in the hematology department."
Head Nurse: "The visit will be with glass between you...would that be all right?"
Kaori: "Yes, I expected that. Thank you very much!"
I bow my head and head for the stairs. Even if she's behind glass, I want to see Miss Sakai. I did my best. So I wanted Miss Sakai to see to me after I'd worked so hard. And I wanted to tell her that she'd get better, for sure. But.
Kaori: "...Oh, all right..."
I was made to wait a little bit in front of the nurses station in the hematology department, and when a nurse finally came out, she told me that Miss Sakai herself said she didn't want me to visit....Well, if she doesn't want to see me, there's nothing I can do... I stand up, feeling defeated. I drag myself up the stairs.
Kaori: "I didn't get to see Miss Sakai..."
Nurse: "Wait! Visitor, hold on a little!"
I turn around to see another nurse running up to me.
Nurse: "This is from Miss Sakai, to you."
She hands me a sheet of note paper. I open it up to see a line of numbers and letters. This...! This is Miss Sakai's cell number and email address!
Kaori: "Th-Thank you very much!"
Nurse: "You know what to do!"
I bow my head to the nurse as she dashes down the stairs, then I carefully put the paper into my pocket so it doesn't get crushed.
Kaori: "*Giggle*"
It just feels...right, being back in my white uniform and getting back to nursing....It's a little sad that Miss Sakai isn't among the familiar faces in the ward, but I'm somewhat used to that loneliness now. Because! Because! Miss Sakai and I have been emailing every evening! Her messages are as blunt as you'd expect them to be, but sometimes, she sends me really long emails overflowing with emotion. This is what I look forward to every evening! Ahh, I hope the sun sets soon!
Kaori: "Ooowwwww!"
Someone smacks me on the back. Thinking that it's Yamanouchi again, I turn around, ready to complain at her...
Nagisa: "Miss Sakai's doing her best right now, isn't she? You've got to step it up, too!"
...but standing behind me is actually Senpai. She looks a little angry.
Nagisa: "Spacing out during work isn't like you! Pull it together!"
Kaori: "Senpai..."
Nagisa: "You've got to be hot-blooded! Obnoxiously hot-blooded!"
Huh? When did I become a hot-blooded character?! Did I look hot-blooded to Senpai? ...I'm not sure how I feel about that. But, at the same time...if she thinks I'm so passionate about work that I might seem too intense, well...that's probably something I should be happy about.
Kaori: "You're right! I can't lose to Miss Sakai!"
Nagisa: "That's the spirit!"
Senpai and I share smiles.
Yasuko: "Why, Senpai, I simply do love you so much that I couldn't focus on my work!"
Yasuko: "Me too, Sawai. I just love you so much I can't help slammin' you on the back like that!"
Nagisa: "H-Hey, what're you going on about?!"
Yasuko: "Ah, Senpai, hit me more! Hit me harder!"
Kaori: "Huh-wah?!"
Yasuko: "You got it, Sawai. Lemme see you grit those teeth. Smack!"
Nagisa: "Quit it! Sawai and I aren't perverts like that!"
Hatsumi: "...I don't care about your proclivities, just get back to work..."
A pleasant breeze is blowing. Ami slowly turns around.
Ami: "It's like we're having a secret meeting up here."
Come to think of it, when I was up here with Miss Sakai during the night shift, Senpai and Yamanouchi called it a ‘tryst’... Same thing, basically.
Kaori: "...I remember Miss Sakai when I come up here. Since she showed me how she really felt on this roof."
Ami: "...Kaorin, all you talk about is Sayurin. I can't take it!"
She gets angry in an adorable way.
Ami: "I wonder if I should have been like Sayurin, and just said how I really felt without worrying about people hating me?"
Kaori: "But...it's really scary, having people hate you. I'm...I'm too scared to act like Miss Sakai, really."
Ami: "Yeah...that's not something you could normally do."
Kaori: "When I think about that, I really have to be impressed with how strong Miss Sakai is..."
Ami: "There you go again, about Sayurin!"
She cutely smacks me a few times. It doesn't hurt at all, of course. I just give into the moment and let my laughter escape me.
Kaori: "Ahaha, oh, Ami!"
Ami: "Yeesh! I get it, you love Sayurin! You don't have to go on and on about how great she is!"
I'm not exactly doing that, but... But... Hmm. I chuckle a little. Ahh...I love Miss Sakai, huh...? Just realizing my love gives birth to something warm in my chest. Or at least, that's what I think.
Ami: "There you go, making that face again! You're always making that face! I feel so bad for Nagi!"
Kaori: "Huh? Why're you bringing up Senpai?"
Ami: "Gosh, you're so dense! I don't know you anymore, Kaorin!"
Fuming mad, Ami takes her leave.
Kaori: "......??"
Why is Ami so mad? But...she sure was cute when she was angry. I'm really jealous -- I wish I could fume that cutely.                 Oh...            I'm...I'm dreaming again.         There's the expressionless girl in front of me.     I'm standing across from her.     I feel like she seems     kind of like Miss Sakai.
Kaori: "Are you...Miss Sakai...?"
I ask timidly. Her expression doesn't change.
???: "I am you. The me inside of you. But...I'm more like her than you."
Huh...?
???: "I want love, but no one loves me, so I cry deep inside..."
Kaori: "......"
???: "I've worked so hard, until now. I wanted the people I loved to be happy, so I did my best."
???: "But my feelings never reached anyone... I couldn't even scream, so I've just been here...all alone."
Tears roll down her emotionless face. I have no idea who this girl is. But the loneliness she feels is real. That much I know.
Kaori: "It must have been so hard..."
As she cries with a blank expression, I gently embrace her. Then, something...something that shakes my heart flows from her into me.              "I love you!"
         "I love you, Kaori!"
   "Don't cry, big sis.    I'm alive inside of Kaori,    and I live for her!"
I look up quickly. I take a good look at the girl's face....I've seen this face before.
Kaori: "Who...are you?"
???: "I'm..."
She doesn't look like me when I was young, she's someone else...
Kaori: "......!"
I leap awake, stunned. Who IS that girl?! I feel like tonight's dream only deepened the mystery around that girl. But, still...
Kaori: "Ugh, I'm drenched with sweat... I'd better take a shower."
I hop out of bed, and when I start towards the shower, I notice that my phone's light is beeping.
Kaori: "...A message."
Sayuri: "I was contacted by Asada. Could you not gush about me to other people? It's embarrassing."
Kaori: "......"
A blunt message from Miss Sakai, as usual. But I wonder what kind of face she made as she typed it? I wonder what kind of face she made when she heard what Ami told her? I can't help but grin when I think about that. I take a look at the clock and see that it's five in the morning. I type up a message set to send later.
Kaori: "Er, let's see... ‘I wasn't trying to gush, but it probably showed on my face. I just couldn't hold back my love!’ And, send!"
Now then. I wonder what kind of face she'll make when she reads my message? I wonder if she'll go beet red again? Or get mad and send me a quick reply? *Giggle* I can't wait.
====================scr00906.kgo====================
Hatsumi: "Good morning. Before I begin morning reports, there's something I need to announce."
Hatsumi: "The Teito University hospital has informed us that Miss Sakai's condition is no longer in an acute stage."
Yasuko: "Oh-hoh! So we're a step closer to Miss Me's triumphant return!"
Hatsumi: "Now we can only pray that the transplanted bone marrow functions properly. We aren't out of the woods yet, but I thought I should let everyone know."
The Chief glances over at me. Her eyes share in my relief. And when I start to smile in response... Senpai flings her arms around me.
Nagisa: "That's such good news! Isn't that great, Sawai?!"
Kaori: "Yeah, it's...it's amazing..."
Joy slowly bubbles up inside me. As I feel Senpai's warmth at my back, I desperately try to keep my face from collapsing into a grin. After eating lunch, I have some free time to relax for today's break. There aren't any patients in serious condition right now, so my break should go uninterrupted...
Kaori: "...Let me take this time to..."
I slip my cell phone out of my bag. Now, we're not supposed to use our phones outside of emergencies, even during break time......but wanting to call and congratulate Miss Sakai is a pretty big emergency....To me, anyway.
Kaori: "All right, I'll say..."
Kaori: "And then...‘I want to see you soon.’ Eheh! Not bad, if I say so myself. And, send!"
I sent it! I wonder what face she'll make when she reads this! Eep, I'm blushing just thinking about it!
???: "I want to see you soon. I want to see you and hold you in these hands so I can feel that you're truly alive!"
Kaori: "H-Hey, I didn't write all that!"
I hop up to my feet when I hear a voice behind me. Yamanouchi grins and plops herself on the sofa in front of me.
Yasuko: "And the question you oughta be askin' yourself is, why not? Ya can't show yer face in an email, so you wanna put in twice the feelin' -- them's the basics."
Basics? There are methods to this?
Yasuko: "If yer with someone in real life, ya don't have to tell ‘em you love ’em for them to know it. But with a message...all ya got are yer words."
She maintains her smirk as she draws her face closer.
Yasuko: "So ya wanna jam your feelings into those words, even you end up exaggeratin'."
Kaori: "Ah, ahh...!"
Her breath! My ear!
???: "Hey, Yamanouchi, what do you think you're doing to Sawai?! Get off of her!"
Someone barrels in and pries Yamanouchi off of me.
???: "Sawai's in love with Miss Sakai! You can't just put the moves on her!"
The person running to my aid is...Senpai?!
Yasuko: "Me? Puttin' moves on her? Why, whatever are you talkin' about, sugar?"
Nagisa: "You just can't do that! Didn't we agree that Sawai's in a really serious situation right now, and that we were going to just watch over her?!"
Huh? What did Senpai just...?
Yasuko: "The only people who agreed to that were you, the Chief, and a few others. Not me."
Nagisa: "But...! Don't you care about Sawai?! You're her senior, here!"
Yasuko: "Don't get yerself in a tizzy, Fujisawa. Siddown."
Yamanouchi points to the space next to me. Senpai's eyes widen when they lock with mine, then she sits down awkwardly next to me.
Nagisa: "...Well, uh...that's basically it, eheheh..."
...?? I don't really get it, but they're talking about me, right?
Nagisa: "*Sigh* Let me tell you, I was super shocked that Miss Sakai stole you away from me!"
Huh?! The statement Senpai delivers as she stretches has me floored.
Nagisa: "She's not the most personable girl around, so I had my guard down...big mistake, let me tell you!"
Stole away? Had her guard down? What in the world is she going on about?
Yasuko: "Quit it, Fujisawa. Not a word's gettin' through to her, by the looks of it. My heart goes out to ya..."
Nagisa: "H-Hmph! Sawai, you dummy!"
Kaori: "Owie?!"
She smacked me on the shoulder.
Nagisa: "I've always been annoyed by how dense you are, but this is the one time I'm thankful for it..."
Umm...? Senpai, I have no idea what you're getting at.
Yasuko: "When you were in the hospital, Sawai, I had a deadline and no one to help me! Ended up with a unfinished manuscript. What a doozy of a day!"
Huh?!
Yasuko: "That said! Fujisawa, whenever Sawai's out, you're helpin'."
Nagisa: "Huh?! Why me?!"
Yasuko: "You're her senpai, you gotta make up for her misdeeds!"
Nagisa: "Wait, her private life's not included in that!"
Nagisa: "And by helping, you mean that thing, right?"
Nagisa: "You've got to be kidding. No, no, no, no, and, before I forget, no!"
Yasuko: "That ain't no way to treat a friend, Fujisawa!"
Hatsumi: "Quiet down, all of you! I could hear you from all the way out in the hall!"
We all clam up when the Chief comes in shouting. Then, she leaves the room without saying anything else.
Yasuko: "......"
Nagisa: "......"
Kaori: "...*Giggle*"
You know, I really like this routine...           ...I'm having that dream again.      But this time, there's no one there.      I turn my head quizzically,      but then I hear a child's voice.      "Mom's at work again today.       I really miss her, but she has to,       I guess...dad's not around."
               That voice...     "I got 100 on my test.      100! ...I wonder if mom      will praise me now?"
       "I've heard this voice before,         but who is it?"
    "I'm...I'm not a burden. I'm working really hard,      I'm doing my best..."
      "...I don't need any friends.       People who try to drag me down       aren't friends."
   "Blood truly is thinner than water.    You don't need to be blood-related to have a bond."
"The world is teeming with idiots. Do I seriously need to live in a place like this?"
   ...Whose voice is this, so filled with despair but   hanging onto hope, trying desperately to be strong...?     "What I really think?      You think this is a front?      I am me, and don't try to tell me how to live!"
                !!            When it hits me, a powerful wind            blows past me.         And after the powerful wind comes a quiet.         Then,         I hear a voice from somewhere. "You don't even know the first thing about me!           Oh, that's the girl that's           always here. "If I just take all the pain, then big sis won't have to be hurt..."
       "Kaori!         Kaori, you can't die!"
            My name?   "I'll stay here, so...you have to live!    Be happy out there for me!"
    "It'll be okay, big sister...      Watch over her for me, okay?"
    "Please, this is my last wish...      I love you, big sister...      I love you,Kaori..."
My eyes shoot open. There were two people inside me. One was Miss Sakai. Then, who was the other one...? Who was that girl talking to her "big sister"? She wasn't my little sister. That wasn't my little sister's voice, and she said she wasn't. Who is she? And who was the "big sister"
she was asking to watch over me...? ...I didn't end up sleeping a wink that night.
Hatsumi: "...Your face looks awfully ragged."
Kaori: "Oh, Chief...good morning..."
The Chief strains out a smile as she slowly nods to me.
Hatsumi: "Good morning. You look a touch sleep deprived. A nurse needs her stamina -- have you been getting proper sleep?"
Kaori: "Well, I had this...strange dream, and I couldn't really sleep..."
Hatsumi: "When you can't get to sleep at night, sip on hot milk with honey."
For some reason, that suggestion draws my attention. Something inside of me, a part of myself I don't know, yearns deeply for said milk. Wait, when the girl in my dream was talking about a "big sister,"
could it have been the Chief...?
Kaori: "U-Um, Chief, do you...have a younger sister?"
Impulse speaks for me. I'm sure she'll just laugh it off, or ask me what I'm going on about. But. She looks at me and seems, for a moment, like she wants to cry....What's going on here? Her verge-of-tears face quickly takes on a soothing expression.
Hatsumi: "...I had one, yes."
Past tense? Without saying anything else, she walks off. The girl in my dreams may just have some connection with the Chief's younger sister. But even so, that's not something I can ask the Chief about directly. I mean, how do I even bring this up? That a girl who might have a connection to the Chief's younger sister might be inside me, along with Miss Sakai...? There's no way I can say that to the Chief -- I can hardly believe it myself. She'd just scoff at me and that would be that. I haven't confirmed that the girl is the Chief's sister either, so I might want to keep quiet for now. Because being thought of as some weirdo is the last thing I need right now....I'll probably talk about it with Miss Sakai, though. I don't mind her thinking I'm weird. When I get home, I send Miss Sakai an email. I tell her about how she appeared in my dream. And how in that dream, I heard her say some of the things she'd been holding in. It takes me a long time to decide whether to send it or not, but I ultimately decide to. I figure that it wouldn't be fair to keep quiet. Then, I add in how I want to take away her loneliness and hit send! It's a little cheesy, but that's okay. And Yamanouchi did tell me that it's okay to exaggerate in emails a little, since your words are all you have in them.
Kaori: "Uwah?!"
My phone suddenly chirps right in my hands. I look at the display and smile. Then, I waste no time hitting the call button.
Kaori: "Hello, this is Sawai!"
Sayuri: "O-Oh...um, I'm sorry for the sudden call. I just...wanted to hear your voice..."
Kaori: "Yeah, I'm glad you called! Are they letting you use the phone, though...?"
Sayuri: "I-It'll be fine. I'm in a single room, and I'm being quiet about it....They can't get me for what they don't know."
She laughs gently on the other side of the line. As glad as I am to hear her sounding like that, I feel a touch worried -- she seems different from usual.
Kaori: "Miss Sakai, you're being strangely...forthright...?"
Sayuri: "What, is there a problem with me being like that?!"
Oh, she's back to normal.
Kaori: "There's no problem at all, it just felt...a little off."
Sayuri: "...Same. Talking with you without seeing your face kind of throws me off."
Kaori: "Sounds like we're even."
We both giggle....... After having a nice chat about a variety of things, I quietly hang up the call.
Kaori: "La di da...*giggle*..."
Yasuko: "...Hey, Fujisawa. Somethin' up with Sawai?"
Nagisa: "...I don't know. Maybe she ate something that doesn't agree with her."
Hm? I get the feeling some people are watching me and whispering something. Not that I mind! I don't care what the people around me think! Doesn't bother me at all!
Nagisa: "H-Hey...Sawai? What're you grinning about this early?"
Kaori: "*Giggle* Well, you see..."
I go on about how happy I was that Miss Sakai called me last night, and how much fun we had chatting. But...
Yasuko: "...Fools in love. An' one of 'em is blabbering on about their lovey dovey junk."
Nagisa: "...I really shouldn't have asked..."
Kaori: "Huh?! G-Guys...!"
What's with that reaction?! I opened up and everything!
Hatsumi: "...Now, speaking of Miss Sakai. It's a little earlier than expected, but she will be discharged from Teito University's hospital next week."
Nagisa: "Wait, next week?! That's really early!"
Hatsumi: "It's still just a plan, as of now. It is much earlier than expected, though, I'd have to agree. It sounds like the transplanted bone marrow took to her well."
The Chief takes a glance at me. I've been entertaining the possibility in the back of my head for quite some time, but......Was the bone marrow transplant Miss Sakai received...mine?
Yasuko: "Maybe this ain't about her marrow or whatever. Maybe she just REALLY wants to get out and see someone, y'know?"
Kaori: "Wh-What? Me? That's what got her better...?"
My face grows furiously red.
Yasuko: "Oh-hoh, the power of love sure is somethin'! Getting' jealous, Fujisawa?"
Nagisa: "N-No I'm not! I just want Sawai to be happy, that's all!"
Yasuko: "*Sniff*... Fujisawa, yer just so admirable!"
I don't know when it happened, but apparently Yamanouchi and Senpai are pretty good friends now? Well, it's nice that they're getting along so well! And I've got to work hard so I can proudly welcome Miss Sakai back next week!
====================scr00911.kgo====================
Then, after some time...
Nagisa: "Sh-She here yet...? It should be about time..."
Yasuko: "Hold yer horses, Fujisawa. Ya just saw her get out of the taxi, didn't ya? She'll be right over."
Nagisa: "B-But...ahh, what am I going to do?! My heart's just pounding!"
Yasuko: "What're YOU getting' all hot and bothered for?! Ain't that Sawai's job?"
Suddenly pulled into the conversation, I almost leap in surprise. I'm the one who should have her heart pounding here...? ...Well, she's right. I'm excited. I'm excited, but at the same time, I'm strangely...calm.
Hatsumi: "Calm down, everyone. You're just going to flabbergast her again."
Nagisa: "But Chieeeeef...!"
Yasuko: "...Ahem. Here she comes."
She's...she's finally here...
Sayuri: "...Wh-Why is everyone here? Did something happen...?"
It's been so long since I've seen Miss Sakai, and...it's really her......I'm so glad, she looks like she's doing well...
Kaori: "......"
I choke up at our long-awaited reunion.
Yasuko: "No need to be so cold -- we're yer welcome!"
Sayuri: "My...my welcome...?"
Hatsumi: "Go on."
Kaori: "......"
The Chief elbows me, but I just can't say a word. So the Chief shrugs in resignation and takes a step forward.
Hatsumi: "Congratulations on your recovery, Miss Sakai. All of us at the internal medicine ward express our sincerest joy at the news."
Sayuri: "My, thank you for coming all the way out to wish me well. And there hasn't quite been a definitive diagnosis of my recovery just yet..."
Hatsumi: "Well, until that definitive diagnosis happens, feel free to use this hospital as your library. Do give our staff instructions again when you get bored of studying."
Nagisa: "Wait, what do you mean when she gets bored?! And am I going to have to get nitpicked by her daily again?!"
Yasuko: "How ‘bout you do your job right so you don't get nitpicked at? Sound thrilling, don’t it?"
Yasuko: "Anyway, lookin' forward to havin' you around again! I'm beggin' ya -- whip our sloppy staff into shape!"
Sayuri: "And I'm looking forward to being a patient here. I can be rather demanding, so I apologize in advance."
Yasuko: "Oh-hoh, we'll be real accommodating, don't you worry! In fact, I'm really sorry, havin' you teach our staff from a patient's bed!"
They're both bowing in deference to each other... It's such a strange scene. And Yamanouchi's not sorry in the least, is she?
Sayuri: "Oh no, I'm just doing it because I want to. I'm actually worried I'm being a bit too much of a backseat nurse."
Yasuko: "Oh, not at all, not at all! Hit ‘em hard! Rookies need a good thrashin' every now and then! The more they cry, the more they’ll learn!"
Miss Sakai giggles at that. She sure has softened up a lot... She looks around with nostalgic eyes and stops on me. Our eyes meet.
Yasuko: "...C'mon, ain't you got anythin' to say?"
She slaps me on the shoulder.
Kaori: "Er...um..."
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai looks at me with a gentle smile. When I feel tears start to come out, I force myself to smile back.
Kaori: "W-Welcome back."
I timidly offer her the paper bag in my hand.
Sayuri: "......?"
Miss Sakai looks a little surprised, but when she looks inside the bag, her eyes grow moist and she seems on the verge of tears. The bag has my homemade omelet in it. Miss Sakai shuts her eyes tight and looks down a little... Then...
Sayuri: "I'm home."
...she treats me to her greatest smile. With that, Miss Sakai has "transferred"
back to our hospital from the university one for the time being. Her time in the university hospital served her body well, because looking at her blood data, her numbers are now no different from a healthy person's.
Hatsumi: "You never really know what will happen..."
Yasuko: "We witness a miracle here? Or maybe the power of love?"
Hatsumi: "Even if we have her admitted to the hospital to observe her condition, she'll be out within a week with these numbers..."
Ignoring Yamanouchi's comment, the Chief murmurs to herself with a grave expression. There's a reason behind her expression, of course. Miss Sakai doesn't actually have a home to go back to. Her relationship with her mother had been tenuous before her admission, but it suffered irreparable damage during her hospital stay, ending with her mother granting her inheritance early and severing all ties. I don't know all of the details, but at the end of the day, Miss Sakai will have nowhere to live if she leaves the hospital.
Yasuko: "Well, how ‘bout she just stays in Sawai’s room until she finds a new place?"
Kaori: "Huh?"
Miss Sakai? In my room? ...I think my heart leapt a little. But ignoring how unopposed I look to the idea and pushing me away, Senpai puts a stop to the idea.
Nagisa: "Hold on a second, that would throw the dorm into disorder! I can't accept it!"
Yasuko: "C'mon, Fujisawa, have a heart!"
Yasuko: "I can understand not keepin' it cool when your cute little charge starts cohabiting, but there's not much of a choice. Don't ya feel for poor Miss Sakai?"
Hatsumi: "Hey, don't say ‘cohabit.’"
Ignoring the Chief's comment, Senpai kicks up a fuss.
Nagisa: "Then how about we just send her to your room, Yamanouchi?!"
Hmm... I think Yamanouchi is right, that having her stay at my room would be the quickest solution. Or we could have her stay in Yamanouchi's room, like Senpai has suggested... Though I do understand what Senpai means when she complains that it'll throw the dorm into disorder.
Nagisa: "And Miss Sakai's probably really good with her hands, so I bet she'd help you with that thing you do as thanks for giving her room and board."
Yasuko: "Hey, I ain't mean enough to be a slave driver to someone who's just recoverin'."
After saying that, Yamanouchi puts on a wicked grin and brings her face closer to Senpai's.
Yasuko: "And I gotta say...if you were against her stayin' in Sawai's room because it'll put the dorm in disorder, then why oh why did ya suggest she stay in MY room? Hmm?"
Nagisa: "Urgh...!"
Yasuko: "Ain't that weird, Fujisawa? Ain't that real funny?"
Nagisa: "Ahh...!"
Senpai holds her chest, having been logically cornered, and stumbles to hide behind me. But... I'd love to have Miss Sakai stay over in my room like Yamanouchi suggested, but it IS a company dorm, so it isn't really my decision to make. What will Miss Sakai do...?
Hatsumi: "I'll do a little thinking on what to do about Miss Sakai. That said, I'd like everyone to get back to work."
With that, everyone in the nurses station splits up. And after kicking us into gear, the Chief leaves the station, seeming to be thinking of something. That's when I remember that I got a call from the pharmacy, so I leave the station, too.
Sayuri: "Come in."
I hear that slightly mumbly voice after I knock....It's just so nostalgic I almost want to cry...
Sayuri: "...So, I'm back in this room."
Miss Sakai is staring out the window.
Kaori: "...You sure have."
The summer breeze pleasantly blows in. I stand next to Miss Sakai as her hair flutters in the wind and take a quiet look at her expression. She looks peaceful. Miss Sakai isn't who she used to be. She put her life on the line when she gambled with that treatment, and won.
Kaori: "U-Um...hey. Do you mind if I ask something...?"
Sayuri: "...That's why you came here, isn't it? I hadn't asked you to do anything with my IV. You're on the clock, too."
...That sounds like it has a bit of a barb in it, but her eyes are smiling. Does that mean she was a bit mean to me, just now?
Kaori: "...Say...Miss Sakai. When you get discharged...where are you going to go?"
Sayuri: "A good place."
Kaori: "Eh?"
Her immediate response leaves me speechless for a second.
Kaori: "A...a good place...?"
Sayuri: "Yes, a good place. That's all I'll tell you for now."
Miss Sakai has a mischievous smile on. Looks like I won't be able to get any more information out of her. Coming to that conclusion, I chat with her for a bit and then go back to the station. A lot has happened, but after the week that Miss Sakai spent in the hospital, she left today....And she hasn't told me where she would go after her discharge...
Kaori: "I wonder if Miss Sakai'll be all right...?"
I can't help but be really curious about where she went. She left the hospital full of zest and pep, with a clean bill of health from the doctor. We hadn't come out and said we loved each other, but I thought we were on the same page, even without words......and with her out of the hospital, I realize that we really have no points of connection. Now, we're just strangers. If I knew I was going to be this worried about it, I should have just told her I loved her...
Kaori: "...Hm?"
I stop in front of my room........ I check the number and nameplate. All right. 404. Sawai. This IS my room, right? There's some paper taped to my door. There's something written on it.
Kaori: "...‘Resident of 404, please come immediately to 403.’...?"
I don't know what's going on here, but I ring the doorbell of the neighboring room 403. The message told me to come over, so they won't be annoyed at me, right? They're not going to be all..."I was sleeping after my night shift!"
or "I have a guest over!"
right...?
Kaori: "!!"
Seeing who opens the door renders me speechless.
Sayuri: "Oh, you're off work. Welcome back."
Kaori: "S...Sa-Sa-Sa...?"
Sayuri: "My name is Sayuri Sakai, and I'm your new next door neighbor. My name isn't Sa-Sa-Sa."
Kaori: "Sa...Sa-Sa-Sa...Sa-Sa-Sa..."
There's so much I want to say. But I'm just too surprised to form coherent words.
Sayuri: "Please, Miss Sawai, calm down a little. My room's still filled with boxes, so can I go to your room, K-Kaori?"
Kaori: "U-Uh...s-sure...s-sure..."
All I can do is nod. I feel downright bizarre as I show Sayuri -- clad in her actual, regular clothes -- to and around my apartment. She tells me how it all worked as she drinks tea. She'll be going back to nursing school as a third year student, starting next year in April. With that, she entered into an agreement with the hospital. She would be specially allowed a room here, with the condition that she works for us when she graduates.
Sayuri: "And it is really easy to get to school and the hospital I practice at from his dorm."
She grins as she puts an immense amount of sugar in the tea I made her....M-Miss Sakai sure likes her some sweets. I had no idea. But I'm going to see a lot of sides of her moving forward, aren't I...
Sayuri: "To be honest, I wasn't terribly eager to think about what would happen two years down the line."
Sayuri: "I was actually going to take the money that I'd inherited and just buy a condo somewhere."
Sayuri: "And besides, since aplastic anemia is government-designated as a particularly nasty illness, most of my hospital expenses are going to come back to me. I've got plenty of money, for now."
Sayuri: "But the Chief gave me a good scolding. She told me that acting like a lottery winner would get me nowhere."
Kaori: "A lottery winner..."
I bet the Chief would say that. She seems like she's lived a frugal life...
Sayuri: "She told me that I'd have to pay a monthly dorm fee, but since I won't have any income while I'm in school and I've got living fees to contend with, I'd have to live pretty frugally."
Sayuri: "She also said that if I wasn't satisfied with the hospital's level and wanted to work at a more advanced hospital, she would think of a way to get me there."
Sayuri: "She...she really is thinking of my future."
Kaori: "Yeah...she probably looks at all nurses in training like her little sisters, or something."
Sayuri: "You know, I really wouldn't mind working under her, but..."
She pauses, then looks right at me. Her resolute eyes make my heart leap.
Sayuri: "...If you're going to throw me away, now's the time."
Kaori: "Hwah?"
I have no idea what she just said. I give her a long, hard look, trying to probe out her meaning. She looks away.
Sayuri: "...If you want to get rid of a load like me, now's your only chance."
Sayuri: "If you miss your chance, I'll....."
Kaori: "Don't be silly. Why would I ever abandon you?"
I giggle and softly hug Sa...Sayuri. Her thin, trembling shoulders are lovable.
Kaori: "I want to hear what you really think."
Kaori: "I don't want to hear you ask me to throw you away. No...I want to hear what you really want from me, from the bottom of your heart."
That's what I want to hear. The words she went as far as appearing in my dreams to say to me. I want to hear them directly from the Sayuri in my arms. Not from the girl in my dreams.
Sayuri: "......"
Sayuri shows no signs of displeasure in my arms and has her face buried in my chest.
Sayuri: "...Can I say it?"
Kaori: "Say it. I want to hear your words, Sayuri."
Hearing me call her by name now must be embarrassing. She goes red up to her ears....I really can't get enough of this pure side of hers.
Sayuri: "...Could you please not...leave me behind?"
She says that so weakly. Sayuri is always like this. She's so genuine, delicate and weak, but she's so ashamed about that that she always projects herself as needlessly strong. And she'd be better off being more genuine, too.
Kaori: "I'd never leave you behind. In fact, I'm the one who's worried that you'll get rid of me."
Sayuri looks up when I say that.
Sayuri: "......"
Kaori: "......"
Our eyes lock. Her eyes are dewy.
Sayuri: ".....I don't want...words. I want something more...tangible."
Kaori: "Like what...?"
Sayuri: "Like a vowing ki...ah. Nothing."
When I see Sayuri turn beet red and look down, I feel a sweet shock in my chest.
Kaori: "Of course, Sayuri. Close your eyes."
Sayuri: "B-But..."
Kaori: "If you don't close your eyes, it might not be romantic."
When she hears that, she quickly closes her eyes. She's trembling... Oh, she's just so cute...
Kaori: "......"
I gently press my lips against her forehead.
Sayuri: "......"
It's really funny how when I pull my lips away, she looks up at me in dissatisfaction.
Kaori: "...Not satisfied?"
Sayuri: "Well..."
Kaori: "In that case..."
I give her pouty lips a bit of a kiss.
Sayuri: "!!"
Her eyes go wide, and in the next moment, she stiffens up. She looks like steam is about to blow out the top of her head, and I can't help but burst out laughing. Sayuri would normally fire out venomous quip after quip, but she doesn't have the composure for that -- she just stays still as a statue, going fiercely red.
Kaori: "How about that?"
Still crimson, she looks away in a huff.
Sayuri: "I-It was a little different from what I expected!"
Kaori: "How so?"
Sayuri: "O-Our relationship is about me bullying you, and you going red and fighting back!"
Sayuri: "So why am I the one who's red here?!"
Why are you asking me...?
Kaori: "W-Well, this kind of stuff's fine every once in a while, right? It's a little boring if I'm the one getting bullied all the time."
Sayuri: "I won't have it!"
Sayuri: "I want to bully you! I want to frustrate you! The way you pout with tears in your eyes after you've been cornered is second to none, Kaori!"
Sayuri: "That expression that just makes me want to bully you more...it's mine, and mine alone! Only I get to make you make that face!"
...... She's so...monopolizing. It's a little baffling, but...I am kind of pleased to hear it, I think. Just a little, though.
Sayuri: "A-And besides, you didn't even hesitate to call me Sayuri!"
Sayuri: "And I image trained every day for a week just to be able to call you by your first time!"
Oh my god, that's too cute! She was training every day? Just to call me by name...?!
Sayuri: "You should just be bullied by me! Anything else is impossible! Impossible, you hear me!"
I burst out laughing again at her childish insistence. I know that laughing will make her pout some more, but I just couldn't help it. Because... I can't really put it into words, but I thought that this -- this is happiness.
Sayuri: "What are you laughing about?! I'll bully you!"
I gift her with a joy-filled smile.
Kaori: "Sure, go ahead. Bully me all you want."
She goes red again. Now this is the life... And all we need to do is keep moving on, holding onto this joy. With that in mind, I note that she's getting ready to complain some more, so I seal Sayuri's lips with a gentle, sweet kiss.
====================scr00912.kgo====================
...And with that, Sayuri, having moved into the room next to me, hangs around in my room just about every night. Sometimes she encounters Senpai and the two argue, but they're surprisingly compatible with each other, and we even drink with the three of us on occasion. Though Sayuri can't have alcohol, so she has soft drinks....This. This is happiness. Oh, and... Eventually, the girl that I'd always wondered about, the one who would appear in my dreams, just...stopped showing up. In fact, I don't have that dream anymore, so I haven't met her since. Sometimes, I think back to her. Why did she appear in my dreams? What was she trying to tell me? Sayuri's childhood memories, and the Chief's sister's memories... What did she want to do, after sharing those with me...?
???: "...ri? Hey, Kaori!"
My eyes shoot open.
???: "...There you go again, spacing out! Come on, Kaori!"
My first sight is Sayuri, making a flustered face.
Sayuri: "...You'll just space out like this from time to time. Are you worried about something?"
She looks baffled by me, but I can tell she's worried. I consider fabricating an explanation for a moment. But one of the ironclad principles of nursing is to not do to others what you wouldn't want them to do to you. I only spend a few moments worrying whether or not to tell her. I've told Sayuri about the girl in my dreams through email before, but this is the first time we'll actually talk about it in person. I decide to tell Sayuri about what I suspect the connection between her and that girl are.
Sayuri: "......"
Sayuri's face is tensed up. Well...yeah, I guess she would. My theory IS utterly ridiculous, so I bet Sayuri would be completely turned off after I made her listen to it...
Sayuri: "...Kaori, are you the type to believe in things like that?"
Kaori: "Huh? Things like what?"
Sayuri: "Like, you know ghosts, or sixth senses..."
Kaori: "...I wouldn't believe that kind of stuff if I'd just heard it, I think."
I'd say it was unscientific, or that it was just a dream, or that I was remembering things wrong. I'd force myself to not believe it. But... It's a fact that I had that dream. And it's a fact that a girl who looked a lot like me was quivering in solitude, as well. I'm not misremembering that.
Kaori: "...I experienced it myself. If I don't believe it, that means I can't believe myself, you know?"
Sayuri: "......"
Sayuri falls silent for a while before murmuring.
Sayuri: "...I've actually had a similar experience."
Kaori: "Huh?"
My eyes go wide at Sayuri's confession. A similar experience...?!
Sayuri: "When you stopped being in the nurse in charge of me...around then, I think, I had a strange dream."
Sayuri: "I was a child again in my dream. It was myself back when my mother was treating me awfully..."
Kaori: "......"
Sayuri: "Back then, I was desperate to get my mother to love me."
Sayuri: "No, not just my mother... My friends, my teachers, people around me...I just wanted them all to like me..."
Sayuri giggles to herself. The self deprecation in her laugh tightens my chest.
Sayuri: "...But in the end, I wore myself out."
Kaori: "...Yeah."
I remember that despair-filled voice.
Sayuri: "I just got so tired that...I told myself I didn't need anyone to like me."
She was so lonely, so hungry for someone's love...
Sayuri: "So I just kept hurting people. I'd hurt anyone around me, even people who hadn't done anything..."
If I knew that girl was Sayuri sooner, I would have given her a hug. I would have held her in my arms to let her know that she's not alone.
Kaori: "...Oh..."
Sayuri: "I said so many awful things to you, too, Kaori. I never meant to say what I did, and I would always regret it afterwards..."
Sayuri: "Whenever I saw you on the verge of tears after something I'd said, I'd beat myself up, thinking I'd gone and blown it again..."
Kaori: "......"
So that's how she felt... I had no idea. Sayuri always looked so...unmoved.
Sayuri: "I'd always think of apologizing to you for the horrible things I'd said when I saw you next, but I just couldn't say it to your face..."
Sayuri: "And when you were no longer my nurse, I thought to myself...‘even Kaori's abandoned me.’"
Kaori: "......"
I didn't see it as abandoning her at all. But I'm sure that's what Sayuri must have thought at the time...and she must have been so hurt.
Sayuri: "So in my dreams, I'd be in this pitch black darkness, crying as a little girl again. Crying even the person I loved threw me away."
Sayuri: "Then, this girl that looked like you would as a child came around and said everything would be okay."
Kaori: "!!"
A girl that looked like I would as a kid...? That has to be the girl in my dreams!
Sayuri: "I talked to her about a lot of things...like my family, and myself."
Sayuri: "At first I thought she was you, but she just laughed, saying ‘I'm not Kaori.’"
Sayuri: "She told me her name was ‘Hazuki’ with a big smile, then told me to keep it a secret."
Sayuri giggles. But...
Kaori: "...But, you told me her name. Wasn't it supposed to be a secret...?"
Sayuri's face instantly goes pale.
Sayuri: "Ah...!"
Then, April comes around, and Sayuri makes it back to nursing school. She has to be busy with reports and job practice, but she comes to my room when I'm off my shift. Amidst all that, our relationship has changed slightly, and now...
Sayuri: "Oh, welcome home."
Whenever I come back from work, Sayuri is generally in my room. I didn't want her to wait around for me when I have to stay back for overtime, so I gave her a spare key to my room back during the long break in May. It's only been a few months, but Sayuri being in my room and saying ‘welcome home’ has become completely normal to me.
Kaori: "Yeesh...if you're going to study, do it in your own room."
I was a rookie, but now I'm on my second year of being a nurse. But Yamanouchi and the Chief still scold me every day, saying I'm basically just a rookie with hair. I don't want to bring my stress all the way back to the dorm, but every time I see Sayuri's face in my room like this, I get scared of next year....Because next year, she's going to work in my ward as a new nurse. I wonder if I can instruct her competently as her senpai...?
Sayuri: "Come on, now, Kaori, no need to be like that. Because if that's the case, I won't let you have these meat and potatoes I made!"
Kaori: "Wait, meat and potatoes...?"
She offers me a pot with a smile.
Sayuri: "Mmhm! I was making a recipe I heard from a patient while you were at work! The patient I'm working with now is a chef, if you remember."
I timidly peer into the pot.
Kaori: "......"
Yeah, it...sure is meat and potatoes. And I think it would be just fine, if the potatoes in question weren't soggy potato chips.
Kaori: "...You want me to make a new batch?"
Sayuri: "Aww, you're not going to eat any?"
Sayuri sneers and parts the sea of soggy chips with her chopsticks.
Sayuri: "...See, you didn't need to worry."
I can see big potatoes under the barrier of soggy chips. While I feel relief, I wrestle with a mix of embarrassment at being tricked and joy that she's opened her heart to me.
Kaori: "...You keep pulling these elaborate pranks..."
Back in nursing school, Sayuri seems to be really getting along with her former underclassmen that are now her classmates. She has a lot of practical lessons and works with patients a lot as a third year student, but they're apparently pretty fond of the poison tongued whiz-kid character. According to her, anyway. And those friends and patients teach her pranks like these, which she in turn plays on me. And worst of all, she seems to be having so much fun that I just take it. Am I spoiling her...?
Sayuri: "Ka-o-ri!"
When I turn around at the sound of my name, I feel something soft on my lips.
Sayuri: "...*Giggle*"
Kaori: "Wh...?!"
The salty flavor of the meat and potatoes is still on my lips.
Sayuri: "They say it tastes like lemon when you kiss the person you love, but when you kiss her with potatoes in your mouth, it still tastes like potatoes, huh?"
Kaori: "......"
My mouth is agape. I feel a laugh coming on.
Kaori: "...Pfff!"
Sayuri: "...What's so funny?"
Kaori: "It's just...well..."
Sayuri: "?"
As she looks at me with surprised eyes, I put my arm around her slightly rounded shoulder, pull her in, and whisper into her ear.
Kaori: "I was just thinking...I'm so blessed."
====================scr00921.kgo====================
Miss Sakai is no longer in the acute stage of her condition. It's been about a month since the Chief announced that. Oh, Miss Sakai... I think you should be back by now... Maybe her stay in the university hospital got extended, somehow? Or maybe she's too embarrassed to come back to our hospital.
Sayuri: "I really want to see Miss Sawai again, but I don't know what expression to make...oh, this is so embarrassing...!"
Like that! Miss Sakai's surprisingly shy! But...
Sayuri: "*Sigh* Going back would be kind of a pain. It's pretty comfy here, and the nurses are competent and not constantly irritating me."
H-Hey, no fair! Wait, what if...
Sayuri: "I want to go back to Yurigahama, but...I accidentally caught an infection and can't move..."
Oh no! Miss Sakai, don't push yourself, just rest and heal up...! ...... I can't keep this up. There are just too many possibilities and moving parts that my mind keeps slipping into negative thoughts....Let me just not think about it... That's probably the best choice for my mental health.
Kaori: "I-I'm back..."
Hatsumi: "......"
Huh, the Chief is looking right at me...like she wants to say something...
Hatsumi: "...Sawai. Please pack up room 311."
Kaori: "...Hwah?"
It takes a while for me to understand what the Chief just said to me.
Hatsumi: "Put all of Miss Sakai's property into a box. Someone on staff will come to get it later."
Kaori: "But...but why? We were going to hold onto room 311 for Miss Sakai until she comes back from the university hospital, right?"
Reluctance comes over the Chief's face.
Hatsumi: "We were, but...Miss Sakai is transferring to a different hospital."
Kaori: "Wh...?"
As I try to process what I just heard, the Chief calls a nursing assistant and asks her to pack up room 311 in my place......What's going on here...? Why isn't Miss Sakai coming back? Does she hate me now, or something? I don't get it... At the end of the day, the room we'd been keeping for Miss Sakai gets completely cleaned out. I called her phone, but I can't get through at all. She must have canceled the contract. I can't send her emails or texts, either. When I called the university hospital, they said they couldn't tell me where she was transferred to, because that would be personal information.
Kaori: "...Why...?"
There's only one thing I understand. That all connections between Miss Sakai and myself have been cut.
Kaori: "Miss Sakai... Why didn't you say anything...?"
Tears fall onto my now useless phone. I quickly look up. I try to wipe my tears as fast as I can and open the door. And standing behind it is...
Kaori: "Ch-Chief..."
Hatsumi: "...May I come in?"
I nod slowly, and I let her walk into my room.
Hatsumi: "I thought about whether to tell you this or not, and I decided to. It wouldn't be fair if you didn't know anything."
What the Chief tells me about Miss Sakai's situation isn't something I had predicted in the least. It wasn't because of her condition that Miss Sakai hadn't returned to Yurigahama. Right before she was discharged from the university hospital, she invited the Chief to her room and talked with her about how scared she was of meeting me... Through tears, she told the Chief about how she couldn't believe in people's affection, and that even though she wanted so desperately to be loved, she was terrified of the idea. Feeling sorry for Miss Sakai, the Chief introduced her to a landlord her father knew....Miss Sakai, you could have spoken about that with me...
Hatsumi: "...And that's everything I know. I don't know which hospital she transferred to, or which apartment she moved into."
I had been that much of a burden on Miss Sakai?
Kaori: "...*Sniff*..."
But I just...I just fell for the sight of Miss Sakai enduring her loneliness, and fell in love with her as a person. That's all... Was falling in love with Miss Sakai that much of a burden on her?
Hatsumi: "...Don't cry, Sawai."
Kaori: "But...but...! I want to see her! I don't want it to end like this!"
The Chief lets out a conflicted sigh.
Hatsumi: "...Well...it isn't completely hopeless."
Kaori: "Huh?"
Hatsumi: "Miss Sakai is going to come to the hospital to collect her property. She'll be here the day after tomorrow...your last chance."
I want to see Miss Sakai, no matter what. I just couldn't accept never seeing her again like this. So...I was selfish and waited in the outpatient ward when Miss Sakai was scheduled to arrive.
Sayuri: "Ah...!"
But. She took one look at me and ran.
Kaori: "Wait...! Please, wait!"
I try to hurry after her as fast as I can, but she gets into the taxi she had waiting and drives off.
Kaori: "Why...?"
Why, Miss Sakai...? I look up to the sky. It's a tragically clear, blue sky....I know. I know that my romance is over. The sky is so bright that I have to close my eyes. After a few days. A letter from Miss Sakai came to me through the hospital. The letter only has the sender's name on it. There's no address. To Kaori Sawai. I'm very sorry for suddenly disappearing on you. I'm sure you must be very cross now. I loved you, Sawai. And I still love you. The love you gave me is something I will treasure for the rest of my life. But I had neither the courage nor the confidence to accept your feelings. When time came to return to you, I didn't have the courage to show you my true ugliness and ran away. I am truly sorry. Please forget about me and find happiness. I hope you keep well.                          From Sayuri Sakai.
???: "Sawai?! Sawai, are you all right?!"
......
???: "Sawai! Answer me...!"
Someone comes into my room. With the letter still in my hands, I slowly look up.
???: "...What are you doing in the dark like this?"
Kaori: "Oh...Chief..."
Hatsumi: "So it was a letter from Miss Sakai..."
Kaori: "......"
I slowly nod.
Hatsumi: "...The staff member that handed you the letter was very worried. She told me you went pale when you saw the sender."
Kaori: "......"
The Chief sits down next to me.
Hatsumi: "Can I ask what it said?"
Kaori: "......"
I crush the letter in my hands. I didn't want to show her. This message from Miss Sakai is mine, and mine alone. I wanted to leave it in my heart, and only there.
Kaori: "I'm truly sorry for worrying you. Please apologize to that staff member, too."
I tear the letter apart.
Kaori: "Blood was rushing to my head, but...I'm fine, now."
I tear it so finely that you can't read the letters anymore. I tear it so finely that it can't be patched together ever again.
Hatsumi: "S-Sawai...?"
No one but me can read this letter. No one but me knows what it says. I'm the only one who knows Miss Sakai's heart. No one else. And I'm the only one know knows that Miss Sakai loves me...
Kaori: "I'm inexperienced. Naive...so I cornered Miss Sakai. I put too much on her. I...I don't have the right to love..."
Hatsumi: "Sawai..."
The paper has been torn into tiny bits, but I tear those into even tinier bits. I can't let anyone read this, ever.
Kaori: "...Chief, what is love, anyway?"
Tears roll down my cheeks. There are no pieces of paper big enough to tear remaining. Miss Sakai's letter is gone...
Hatsumi: "...I...I don't know that, myself."
More tears stream down my cheeks, falling from my chin onto the pile of paper shreds that used to be a letter.
Hatsumi: "...Sawai..."
A gust of wind blows in from the open window, scattering the pile of Miss Sakai's shredded letter away.
Kaori: "...It hurts. I miss her so much and I'm in so much pain I feel like I'll lose it..."
Hatsumi: "...Sawai..."
The powerful wind scatters the letter all over my room.
Kaori: "...If I knew it was going to hurt this much, I should have never fallen in love in the first place...!"
And so ended my love. I'm going to hold onto it as I don my nurse uniform in that hospital. And as I search for traces of Miss Sakai in whichever patient moves into room 311, I'll paste on a smile so I don't worry them.
Kaori: "I won't fall in love with anyone. I'll just live as a nurse from now on."
I'll focus entirely on nursing. Until the day comes that by some coincidence, I meet her again after she's taken on the white.
====================scr00931.kgo====================
Kaori: "...I didn't see her today, either..."
How many times have I been to Teito University's hospital by now? How many times have I gone to Teito University's hospital on my day off, only to have a nurse tell me with an apologetic face that Miss Sakai is refusing visitors? The Chief told me around July that Miss Sakai had gotten out of the acute stage of her condition, but transplants are never easy, are they? It looks like she's been feeling consistently poorly for a while. Sometimes she'll call me on the phone, and we'll talk a little bit then, but... She has a slight fever that flares up from time to time, and I'm really concerned about Miss Sakai's energy. That's why I've been holding back calling her myself, but she doesn't seem too pleased with that. She told me that she'd gotten permission from her nurse, so I should just call her whenever, but... Miss Sakai won't tell me about her illness, about how she really feels, about how much pain she's in, but I've heard a lot from her nurse. Does she not tell me about any of this because I'm unreliable? If that's the case, I've really got to pull it together! Hm? A phone call...? And it's from...the ward?! I wonder if something happened?
Kaori: "Hello, Sawai speaking."
Hatsumi: "I'm sorry to call you on your day off -- this is Otsuka. Sawai, where are you now?"
Kaori: "I'm, um...in my room in the dorm...?"
Hatsumi: "Did you go to the Teito University hospital today?"
Kaori: "Yeah, I went to see Miss Sakai... She was refusing visitors, but I did go to the hospital."
I hear the Chief let out a big sigh. I...I have a bad feeling about this...
Hatsumi: "I need you to keep calm and listen to me....Miss Sakai disappeared from her hospital room."
Kaori: "She WHAT?!"
Miss Sakai disappeared...?
Hatsumi: "When we caught word of that, we searched our hospital from corner to corner, but it doesn't look like she's come here."
Miss Sakai's...
Hatsumi: "Sawai! Hey, Sawai, are you listening?!"
Kaori: "I-I'll go check where she might be!"
Hatsumi: "Sawai! Hold o--"
I hang up the phone and rush out of my room. I ran out of my room and out of the dorm, but I don't actually have any idea where she might be. What should I do...? I really feel like I'm up the creek without a paddle... !! Wait, what did Miss Sakai say back then?! You know, she just might be there...! The beach, tinged with orange light, deserted into its off season. There's someone there....A woman, tall, with a wheelchair next to her.
Kaori: "M-Miss Sakai!!"
I want it to be her, but I also want to be wrong. I shout her name and run towards her, driven by those contradictory wishes. She slowly turns around. And smiles brightly at me. It's that gentle smile I've always wanted to see. That's just no fair, smiling like that at a time like this. I can't get mad at you after seeing a smile like that...
Sayuri: "I thought you'd come if I waited here...and you really did. I'm so glad to see you..."
Kaori: "M...Miss Sakai...what about the, the hospital...?"
I'm too out of breath to speak well.
Sayuri: "I've always wanted to come out to the sea."
She stands up wispily and slowly walks towards the waves. She throws off her shoes and puts her bare feet under the seawater.
Sayuri: "Ah, it's so cold! It feels wonderful!"
I've never heard this kind of innocent joy in her voice before.
Kaori: "Hey, the people at the university hospital are really worried, you know? Our hospital, too...me too, of course."
Sayuri: "....."
Miss Sakai stops and turns around slowly. With a lonely looking smile.
Sayuri: "...They said it's over for me. The bone marrow transplant has started to attack my cells."
My eyes shoot open. GVHD. Graft versus host disease. What we feared the most...went and happened. The bone marrow that entered Miss Sakai's body decided her cells were foreign objects, causing an allergic reaction...
Sayuri: "So...I came out here. I wanted you to comfort me. And you will, won't you?"
Her words give me no choice. I look at her in silence to see her lower her head in embarrassment. She has such a thin, pale neck. And I can see marks were petechia had been around her collar.
Sayuri: "...I wanted to at least make one, last memory."
I swear I heard her whisper, "so please, help me."
Her "last"
memory. Miss Sakai senses something. What can I do? What can I do for her? What do I want to do for her?
Sayuri: "I'm sorry. You went and gave me your blood marrow, but it just...didn't work out."
Her statement surprises me.
Kaori: "...So I was your donor..."
Sayuri: "Yeah, my blood told me. It told me that your blood was inside me..."
When she says that, I remember that scene in the ward.     Back then, was I...?
Sayuri: "But I'm more surprised that you didn't know."
Kaori: "Well...nobody told me. Since it happened in the university hospital, I figured it might have gone to you, but...yeah."
I put my arm around Miss Sakai's slender shoulder and stand closely next to her. We go back to where the sands aren't wet and quietly sit down. The evening sky has already given way to the stars of night. It strikes me that I should call the nurses station, but I remember that I forgot my phone. But...it doesn't really matter. Going back to the hospital won't do Miss Sakai any good....... Chilling waves wash our feet. It looks like the tide is coming in a little more.
Kaori: "Is the water too cold?"
Sayuri: "No, the chill feels nice. And I feel like my hands can reach the stars from here."
Miss Sakai reaches her hand out into the sky.
Sayuri: "...I feel wonderful."
I hold her gently, wanting to support her wavering shoulders. My palms feel her heat -- she's burning up with a fever.
Sayuri: "Hey. Right now, I'm feeling really excited. I want to start running, or something. If I could move, I'd dive right into the sea."
She's giggling away. Then, she starts talking. About how good she feels right now. About how her life was boring, but the few months she spent in the hospital weren't bad.
Sayuri: "It was a lot better than I thought. I've fallen in love -- something I'd given up on."
Kaori: "...!!"
Sayuri: "I can call you Kaori, right?"
Her haughtiness in not expecting an answer and her selfishness in moving the conversation in the direction she wants hasn't changed at all.
Sayuri: "Of course, I'll be calling you that even if you tell me not to. Because that's my job -- to make demands at you."
But she's going to...vanish from my life...
Kaori: "...Sure, go ahead."
Sayuri: "Really?! No take-backs later, okay?"
She smiles happily. After a little, this smile will...
Sayuri: "What'll you call me, Kaori? Oh, and no weird nicknames or formalities allowed, okay?"
She's got on such an innocent smile, the kind I barely get to see....And I want to see more of it!
Kaori: "Well...how about Sayu?"
Sayuri: "......"
She doesn't look like she likes it....I can tell. I should have just called her by her name, plain and simple. She wanted me to just call her "Sayuri". But that's not a wish I'm going to grant. You're cold enough to disappear and leave me behind. There's no way I'm going to make sure you leave with no regrets.
Sayuri: "Kaori."
Kaori: "Yes, Sayu?"
When I call her name, my chest fills with bittersweet emotion. And I just know she feels the same way about me.
Sayuri: "U-Um...now, I don't want you to laugh at me for this, but...I still haven't had my first kiss."
I look to see that her face has gone scarlet.
Sayuri: "So, I...I want to kiss you, Kaori. Would that be...all right...?"
Kaori: "...Are you sure you want me to be who you have your first kiss with, Sayu?"
I whisper as I scoop up the long bangs that cover her porcelain cheeks.
Sayuri: "Kaori, you're...you're the only one who held onto me until the very end."
The slowly growing tides reach our thighs. When I put my hands on her cheeks, Sayuri closes her eyes. Then, we share a soft, heated, mere touch of a... We converse, our sentences brief. Sayuri takes more and more pauses between her words.
Sayuri: "...Hm, I...I think I've gotten a tad tired... I'm going to sleep for a little... Wake me up when morning comes?"
With half of her body in seawater, Sayuri leans on me. Her hotter than usual temperature, her weight against my body...it's all so lovable.
Kaori: "All right. I'll wake you up, so sleep tight, okay?"
As she closes her eyes and smiles, I gently bring my lips to her forehead. It starts to brighten in the eastern sky. The dark indigo gives way to a thin blue, then it changes from a near invisible yellow to orange. The sun slowly peeks over the horizon.
Kaori: "Look, Sayu. It's the sunrise."
Sayuri's eyes are still closed.
Kaori: "A new day's about to begin."
Her eyes are still closed, but she lets out a tiny smile.
Sayuri: "......"
She makes no sound. But her lips move -- "kiss me".
Kaori: "......"
I kiss her with all the feeling I can. After a few kisses, I walk towards the horizon with her in my arms.
Kaori: "No one will hurt you anymore, Sayu."
There won't be any painful treatment anymore. You won't have to be all by yourself or feel lonely anymore, either. From now on, I'll always be by your side.
Kaori: "....You can rest in peace now..."
I slowly lurch through the cold seawater, walking towards the sun. "Don't worry. I'll be with you soon."
====================scr00941.kgo====================
I put my finished omelet into a cute paper bag and head to work an hour and a half earlier than usual! There's a bit of a commotion in the ward after breakfast. And it feels pretty strange being here at this time when I'm on the day shift, too...
Kaori: "Good mornaahhh?!"
Hatsumi: "...Good morning, Sawai."
I find myself leaping back when the Chief appears.
Kaori: "S-Sorry! I didn't expect to see you, Chief!"
Hatsumi: "I always come to work at this hour."
Kaori: "Ohh, so you get up really early, Chief?"
The Chief looks like she wants to say something...and her eyes stop on my paper bag.
Hatsumi: "...What's that?"
Kaori: "The omelet I was talking about yesterday! I wanted to make one for Miss Sakai!"
Her expression clouds, but she speaks clearly.
Hatsumi: "Miss Sakai...transferred."
Kaori: "She what...?"
I heard that wrong, right? Or...is this some kind of mistake?
Hatsumi: "She had a complication last night that we couldn't deal with, so we had an emergency team take her to another hospital."
Kaori: "That...that can't be true! S-Say it isn't so!"
Hatsumi: "The emergency care center she went to gave her effective treatment, and she seems to be stable now."
Kaori: "......"
So it...is true... Miss Sakai isn't in this hospital anymore...
Hatsumi: "This afternoon, she's scheduled to be transferred to a university hospital affiliated with said emergency care center."
Hatsumi: "Since it won't be Teito University's hospital, all sorts of things will have to change. The direction of her treatment will change depending on the doctor, too."
Hatsumi: "...But."
Hatsumi: "This...just might have been best for Miss Sakai."
Reluctance colors her voice. My feelings must not have only caused trouble for Miss Sakai, but for the Chief, as well. Miss Sakai is a patient with a serious illness, and someone undergoing drastic treatment. I knew it rationally, but...I really shouldn't have been wasting all of our time with love...
Kaori: "...Was...was it, now...?"
I...I can't bring myself to say that I agree...! Tears stream down my cheeks.
Hatsumi: "Miss Sakai sent you a message. ‘Please don't forget about me.’"
Kaori: "!!"
Hatsumi: "I can't tell you about the hospital she was taken to. She asked me again and again, through labored breaths, not to tell you..."
So, I'm not going to hear where she was taken, then...
Kaori: "......"
My energy escapes me. The omelet falls from my hand, scattering across the floor. While I was out having fun with Senpai, not knowing a thing, Miss Sakai was suffering... She was suffering so much, but she still thought of me. And I...I...!
Kaori: "......"
Overwhelming guilt fills my chest. The Chief bends over and picks up the pieces of the omelet for me.
Kaori: "......"
All I can do is bury these feelings and keep on being a nurse. All I can do is wait in this ward until the day the lonely girl I betrayed may come back.
====================scr00951.kgo====================
Ever since she moved into the room next door, Sayuri's been a part of my everyday life. We can't be together all the time, though. I'll be at work, and even on my days off, she'll sometimes be at school or a training hospital, or finishing up a report. But...I'm not really sure how to say it, but even when we're apart, it feels like she's always by my side. And as time goes by, she becomes a third year student, and the second year of her being my neighbor was about to pass... I think that around January, she got really busy -- studying with me to take the national exam, studying to take her graduation exam...it was a lot. And then, today! Sayuri finally graduated from the Tsubomigasaki School of Nursing! Though I wasn't worried in the least!
Sayuri: "K-Kaori...um...it's about time..."
Kaori: "Oh, don't say that. I want to get a better look!"
Noticing Sayuri blushing next to me and knowing how embarrassing this is for her, I take a good, long look at it.
Sayuri: "U-Um...haven't you seen enough of it?"
Kaori: "Nope. I want to look at it some more."
Sayuri: "K-Kaori, you've got the same one, don't you?"
Kaori: "Yeah, but when I think that this is yours, it's just so...so moving, you know...?"
Sayuri's cheeks were red to begin with, but they turn scarlet.
Sayuri: "Ah, ahhh! Stare a hole into my degree, why don't you! Could you give it back already?!"
Kaori: "Eep!"
She suddenly lunges at me and snatches her degree back.
Kaori: "Cheapskate!"
Sayuri: "I'm not a cheapskate! And you have the exact same degree from the exact same school, don't you?!"
Kaori: "But we graduated in different years, and look! The gold framing here is slightly different, isn't it?"
I put my degree next to Sayuri's and try to point out the differences.
Kaori: "And see! The principal is different, too! Er, not that I remember the principal's face in the first place!"
Sayuri: "Hmph! Kaori, I don't know you anymore!"
And now she's in a mood. Really, I wanted to pretend to be Sayuri's sister and attend her graduation, but she was so embarrassed at the thought that I held back! I want to make up for that by staring a hole into her degree. I studied with her, waited for her to graduate, and held back on attending the ceremony, so I at least want her to laugh this off....Though I am doing it entirely on purpose to vex her and make her blush.
Kaori: "You know...saying things like ‘I want to get a better look' and 'you've got the same thing’ sound like they could be awfully suggestive out of context."
Sayuri: "...!"
She looks away, red down to her neck. Sayuri's just adorable. Sayuri always acts cool and mature, but when it comes to things like this, I've got more experience! ...Just a little, though. I think I understand how Yamanouchi feels when she harasses Senpai and I with her sexual innuendos. When you see her get all red like this, you know it's wrong, but you just can't help teasing her! But Sayuri will stop talking to me if I go too far, so I've got to reel it in.
Kaori: "So, Sayuri, you're going to be working in Yurigahama General Hospital, right?"
Sayuri: "Right. That was the condition for me living in this dorm, after all. I'm not so selfish and disloyal that I'd go off to another hospital!"
She looks away in a huff after saying that, too, but her cheeks are just a little flushed.
Kaori: "Yeah, thought so."
Sayuri: "Wh-Why are you grinning like that? Haven't you looked at them enough? Let's put these degrees a...eep?!"
That's when I notice that Sayuri is mounted directly on top of me.
Sayuri: "......"
Kaori: "Wh-whoa...Sayuri, you're surprisingly daring..."
Sayuri: "That's not what this is and you know it, you dummy!"
She goes red and pouts, and I put my arms around her immobile frame and kiss her on the cheek.
Kaori: "...Sorry, Sayuri. You were just so cute I wanted to tease you."
Sayuri: "......"
Sayuri: "...I won't forgive you unless you kiss me more!"
Kaori: "Ohh, Sayuri..."
And just like that, we were every bit of the obnoxious couple Senpai said we were, enjoying our dorm life.
====================scr00952.kgo====================
Hatsumi: "Good morning. We'll begin our morning reports for April 1st."
Hatsumi: "...But before that, I'd like to introduce a new member of the team."
Hatsumi: "Much of the staff knows you, but some don't, so go right ahead and introduce yourself, Sakai."
Sayuri: "...My name is Sayuri Sakai. I was a patient in this hospital years ago, and now I can finally return the favor."
Sayuri: "I may be a bit of a burden from my lack of experience, but I look forward to learning from everyone."
That's my Sayuri! A perfect self-introduction! I'm so proud, as both senpai and girlfriend!
Yasuko: "Hoh-hoh. Return the favor, huh..."
Nagisa: "...Whoa, she actually came..."
Yamanouchi is smirking to herself about something, and Senpai can't hide her surprise. The temp and part time workers who recognize Sayuri smile at the chance to work with her, and the newer staff is all glad to have a new member on the team. Just looking at everyone smiling makes me so happy!
Hatsumi: "Sakai, you said you wanted to work in pediatrics, right? Do take care of room 306 with Sawai. And...you do remember your way around the ward, don't you?"
Sayuri: "I do! I just might know a few things the staff here doesn't, too."
Hatsumi: "...That would be very helpful. Well, Sawai, you're her preceptor. Do grow together."
Kaori: "Yes, ma'am! We'll do our best!"
It's my third year, and my first job as a preceptor. Being Sayuri's instructor is a big responsibility, and it makes me really nervous, but I've got reliable senior nurses to fall back on! It'll be fine!
Hatsumi: "With that out of the way -- night shifters, please, begin."
The night shift nurses begin to report on what happened during their shift.
Kaori: "Good job today."
Sayuri looks about as tired as I expected her to, so I give her some honey soy milk to rejuvenate her. The Chief had given me honeyed milk before, but since Sayuri doesn't actually like milk, Senpai remade the recipe with soy milk, instead. Sayuri's rather fond of it nowadays.
Sayuri: "...Thanks. It was a little rough."
Sayuri would have put up a strong front before, but I'm really glad she's able to come out and tell me when she's tired now.
Kaori: "Kids are pretty energetic even when they're sick. And I'm really surprised that Clarice is attached to you -- she used to only open up to Yamanouchi."
Clarice is a blonde-haired half-Japanese girl, in the hospital for Graves' disease. She can speak Japanese without a hitch, but seems like she could never get into Japan's culture of ambiguity, so she finds herself isolated in room 306.
Sayuri: "I'm...really surprised she took a liking to me, too. I just have no idea what could have started it."
She lets out a sigh, then smiles. On her first day, when we went to greet everyone in room 306, she also met Clarice.
Sayuri: "Pleased to meet you. My name is Sayuri Sakai, and I'll be in charge of this room from today."
Her hair, bunched up behind her head, flows cleanly down from her shoulder. And Clarice grabbed a lock of it, as if capturing a butterfly.
Clarice: "Signora Nero, say your name again?"
Sayuri: "Sayuri Sakai. Sa-yu-ri Sa-ka-i."
Kaori: "Call her Sayurin, okay?"
Sayuri shoots me a sharp look. It looks like she isn't too fond of the nickname "Sayurin."
Clarice: "No! I'm not asking you!"
Kaori: "...Oh my, oh me..."
...Well, Sayuri seems to have been accepted by the patients in room 306, so I guess I'm pleased as her preceptor...
Kaori: "All right, let's check Clarice's IV!"
Sayuri: "Got it, Sawai!"
Her obedient answer and bright smile nearly knock me off my feet. If Sayuri was like this when she was a patient here...I think I might've been in big trouble.
Kaori: "Erl...Graves' Disease accentuates thyroid function, so we have to resupply the body with the potassium it loses. And then, um..."
Sayuri: "To relax the hypokalemia she'll go through, we use a potassium solution in the IV, right?"
Sayuri: "But introducing a large amount of potassium to the bloodstream all at once can lead to ventricular fibrillation or heart arrest, so rapid dosages are highly inadvisable."
Sayuri: "The drip speed needs to be monitored and controlled."
Sayuri: "Clarice took care of it at home, but since her pollen allergy has worsened, she's come to the ward to have us take care of her potassium levels for her!"
Kaori: "Oh, uh...r-right."
Uwah, I didn't get any spotlight! I want to praise her for being as on top of things as ever, but I do want to play the part of preceptor a little......Or maybe that's asking too much.
Sayuri: "U-Um...did I...do something wrong?"
Kaori: "Hwah? What...what do you mean?"
Sayuri: "Well, I thought that you would praise me if I worked really hard..."
Oh. Oh, you...! I hug Sayuri tight.
Sayuri: "Eeps?!"
Kaori: "Sayuri, you're just too cute!"
Yasuko: "Hey! Obnoxious couple over there! Leave that for when yer off the clock!"
Clarice's IV is a little challenging. Her blood vessels are thin, for starters, but she absolutely refuses to hold out her arm unless Sayuri is present. And what's worse, her disease makes it so that she can't hold still, so we have to use a special needle that can stay in her arm even if she moves it.
Kaori: "And we're all done! Give us a nurse call when the bottle runs out, all right?"
Clarice: "......"
Clarice mostly doesn't talk with anyone who isn't Sayuri or Yamanouchi. Whenever I speak to her, she just mutters her answer in a whisper so low I can't hear her.
Sayuri: "If you call us, I'll be the one who comes to you, okay?"
Clarice: "...Promosso? ...Do you promise?"
Sayuri: "Yeah, I promise. Want to pinkie promise?"
Clarice: "Cross your heart and hope to die?!"
Sayuri: "W-Well, pinkie promise yes, but putting my life on the line is a little..."
Kaori: "...Wow, Sayuri, Clarice is really attached to you."
Sayuri: "My, my, Sawai. Jealous?"
Kaori: "That's not what I'm trying to say..."
Sayuri: "...Clarice and I...might just be the same. When I look at her, I remember how I used to be..."
How Sayuri used to be, huh...?
Sayuri: "I sank deep into my own despair, saying that it was everyone else's fault I ended up like this and shifting the blame..."
Sayuri: "I just...didn't want to take responsibility. I was such an embarrassing child..."
Kaori: "But you were in a really bad place, weren't you? You probably would've shattered if you didn't push the blame elsewhere..."
Sayuri: "But that's no reason to hurt other people."
Sayuri: "Blades you point at others will always come back to you. I didn't know that back then, and I just kept putting on a front..."
Sayuri: "...I had you, Kaori, but she doesn't have anyone. That's what I'm worried about..."
Kaori: "Sayuri..."
She looks like she's about to cry, and I softly put my arms around her.
Kaori: "It'll be fine, Sayuri. I know your feelings will get through to her."
Sayuri: "...Kaori..."
Nagisa: "You're all over each other in public, yet again! I'm gonna tell the Chief on you!"
When Senpai passes by and teases us, Sayuri goes beet red and shuffles into the nurses station....Hooboy.
Hatsumi: "Oh, Sakai, we received a call from the examination room. Would you mind going down to the outpatient floor by yourself?"
Kaori: "Wait, by herself...?"
Sayuri: "It's okay, Sawai. I'll head down and say hi to the technician there."
After seeing Sayuri leave, the Chief let out a bit of a sigh.
Nagisa: "I'm ba...hm? Is something wrong?"
The nurses station's tense air stops Senpai dead in her tracks.
Hatsumi: "Perfect timing, Fujisawa. Come with Sawai and me."
Hatsumi: "...I'd like to speak about Sakai. I think she's getting a little too close to her patient."
Hatsumi: "Clarice is a difficult patient, that I won't contest. But there are other patients in room 306. I can't abide by her giving preferential treatment."
Kaori: "...True, she does spend most of her time on Clarice. The other kids probably think she's playing favorites..."
Hatsumi: "You don't need to look so down. There haven't actually been any complaints from the other children or their parents."
Hatsumi: "But if a complaint comes in, it will be too late. I know this won't be easy, Sawai, but I'd like you to do what you need to for Sakai as her preceptor."
Kaori: "...Understood."
Hatsumi: "Fujisawa, I'd like you to support them both as Sawai's former preceptor."
Nagisa: "*Giggle* So it falls onto Senpai to clean up, huh? I'll get right on it!"
Hatsumi: "And that's all I have to say. Back to work, you two."
Nagisa: "Yes, ma'am! Come on, Sawai, let's get going!"
Senpai takes my arm and brings me back to the nurses station.
Kaori: "......"
Kaori: "Uwah?!"
Right after I let out a sigh, someone smacks me really hard on the back.
Nagisa: "C'mon, no long faces!"
Kaori: "...*Cough* S-Senpai...?"
Nagisa: "You're Miss Me's preceptor! She's not going to know what to do if you're down around her, so pull it together!"
Kaori: "But...but..."
Nagisa: "I know you -- you were thinking about how to let her know without hurting her, right? Well, you don't need that kind of considerateness here!"
Kaori: "But, wait, that means...!"
Nagisa: "What's wrong is wrong! Even if you don't hurt her now with that weird kindness of yours, she's going to cause the same problem again sometime."
Nagisa: "And you know what a senpai's job is? To let her charge get hurt when the time is right, to let her cry when she needs to. You don't want to take that chance away from her."
Kaori: "...Senpai...were you like that, too?"
When I was a rookie, I got hurt a lot at work, and I cried a bunch. Senpai cried with me, too, but...was she thinking this deeply about it...?
Nagisa: "I...I don't think I had it in me to think about that at the time. I had my hands full with growing up, myself..."
Nagisa: "Even now, I look back with regret sometimes. I was just so green back when I was your preceptor...and I couldn't teach you a thing."
She pats me on the shoulder and walks off, pulling out some report paper from the cabinet. She seems to be telling me that the conversation is over, so I can't say anything else... Back then...I was a rookie, so keeping my head above water was all I could do, but Senpai had a lot of problems of her own, huh... Well, I've got to do my best...!
Kaori: "......"
Sayuri: "......"
I tried to say it as calmly as I could, but Sayuri can't hide how shaken she is.
Sayuri: "I...I think the Chief's critique is...right. I can't believe I didn't notice until I was told... I...I really have a long way to go..."
Kaori: "Don't be so hard on yourself, I'm at fault, too... I'm sorry for being such a lacking preceptor..."
Sayuri: "What?! That's not why I said it!"
Sayuri: "I...I was getting a little ahead of myself, I think. I had done so well in my studies and job training that I thought I'd be able to immediately master my job here..."
Sayuri: "But...actually working in a hospital isn't that easy. I'm a rookie, and I just...I'm just so inexperienced... It's frustrating..."
I gently put my arm around her.
Kaori: "There's no need to hurry like that, honest. You truly are a great addition to the team already, so you don't need to force yourself to get better like that."
Sayuri: "...Kaori..."
Clarice: "Sayuri, come here! Vieni qui!"
Sayuri: "Sure, just wait your turn, okay?"
Clarice: "......"
I can tell Clarice is getting more and more annoyed. Wanting to be fair, Sayuri has been calling out to the kids in room 306 in order when she gives them their medicine. Then, I happen to remember... When Sayuri was still a patient in here, she was the only patient I was in charge of. So I didn't have to worry about being fair with my patients, like she is now....It really hammers home just how tough nursing is.
Kaori: "Clarice, how about talking with me until Sakai comes over?"
Clarice: "......"
Oof, she ignored me pretty hard. Clarice is pretty hard to deal with...
Hatsumi: "...Now that is an issue."
Unable to come up with any good ideas on Clarice, I spoke with the Chief about her. As a result, we're having a conference with all of the free day shift nurses.
Yasuko: "Now, the best thing would be her gettin' in good with kids her age and learnin' to be social bit by bit, but...kids sure are more sensitive than adults."
Sayuri: "And when it comes to Clarice, on top of how she looks, she'll only let people she accepts into her world... She can be rather stubborn."
Kaori: "And it doesn't look like the other kids know how to approach her with that thorny aura she's got."
Nurse A: "Yeah...and even if they gather their courage and talk to her, they'll just get a really quiet whisper no one can hear, or a screaming fit."
Nurse B: "The other kids do look interested in Clarice, but...with that attitude, they're all scared."
We all let out sighs.
Nagisa: "...So is there just nothing we can do about it? Since it all depends on her?"
Yasuko: "Hold yer horses there, Fujisawa. You sayin' we table this?"
Nagisa: "What else are we supposed to do?! If she doesn't want any friends, then who are we to tell her what to do...?"
Nursing Assistant: "We need a nurse over here!"
When we hear a loud noise and the staff's scream from the hall, we all dash out to see.
Hatsumi: "What happened?!"
Nursing Assistant: "Oh, Chief! It's Clarice in room 306, she...!"
That's all the Chief needs to hear before she sprints for room 306. Sayuri and I scramble after her, too. Clarice is in the fetal position on the very back bed of 306. After checking to make sure she hasn't vomited, I hold her shuddering shoulders and gently sit her up.
Yasuko: "Chief! I brought the emergency cart!"
Hatsumi: "Thank you! Take over giving orders while I handle this."
Yasuko: "Gotcha! Send me a call if anythin' comes up!"
Sayuri is already measuring Clarice's blood pressure with the meter she took out.
Sayuri: "...Her pulse is too irregular; her blood pressure's hard to read..."
I check her opposite wrist.
Kaori: "...Ahh, between her feeble veins and all of the irregular beats, I don't know what to count as her pulse..."

Hatsumi: "Irregular beats...?"
The chief looks up at her IV bottle.
Hatsumi: "The bottle is empty...!"
Her words hit us hard, and Sayuri and I look up at the bottle. It's supposed to be about half full around this time, but it's completely empty.
Sayuri: "No...no way...! I adjusted the drip speed properly...!"
Hatsumi: "Now's not the time for that!"
The Chief pushes the nurse call button.
Yasuko: "Nurses station speaking. Is this a doctor call?"
Hatsumi: "The bottle's completely spent. And bring an ECG, a 12 lead!"
Sayuri has grown pale and is just shaking. I softly lay Clarice down -- she seems to have stabilized a little -- and hold Sayuri's trembling hand.
Kaori: "Don't worry... You set the IV properly, Sayuri, and I saw you do it...all right?"
She nods a little, pale-faced. Since we discovered her quickly, the doctor's treatment led to Clarice recovering from her arrhythmia faster than it would have otherwise. Though her stamina probably played a big part in her recovery, too.
Hatsumi: "Now, we have a problem on our hands..."
The Chief's tone is heavy as she pushes her finger between her brows. As suspected, Clarice had a heart episode from the rapid administration of potassium into her bloodstream.
Sayuri: "I understand that increased potassium in the bloodstream can lead to arrhythmia, which is why I very carefully adjusted the drip speed."
Kaori: "I saw her do it, too. This isn't Sakai's fault."
I desperately back her up, wanting to prove Sayuri's innocence.
Hatsumi: "...I hear what you're saying, but the reality is that the bottle was empty. The facts are the facts..."
Yasuko: "Well, it is her first year."
The hint of easygoingness on Yamanouchi's voice really gets under my skin.
Kaori: "It wasn't Sakai's fault!"
Yamanouchi kicks a chair over with a crash.
Yasuko: "Ya moron! Cool yer head, Sawai -- ain't no one said she's the culprit!"
Yasuko: "No matter how talented she is, world at large thinks a newbie's gonna make mistakes no matter what. That's all I was sayin'."
Nagisa: "Even though Sakai's really skilled, she's still a rookie. There's no evidence that she made a mistake, and there's no evidence that she didn't."
Senpai, how could you say that...!?
Sayuri: "......"
Sayuri is crying bitter tears next to me. I feel awful about this, too, Sayuri...! I want to cry, too!
Hatsumi: "I don't think Sakai made a mistake here. But we're going to need to show this to the parents for the hospital's sake, even if it's nothing but a formality."
The Chief pulls out a sheet of paper. An incident report template. Just...the injustice of it all...! She hadn't messed up -- why are we making her the villain here?! We hole up in the break room, and I instruct Sayuri in writing her report. I don't know what to tell her as she cries her miserable tears. Right now, the Chief and the doctor are explaining what had happened to Clarice's parents, who had come running when they heard. Senpai steps into the break room. I guess Yamanouchi told her to help us.
Kaori: "...Senpai, do you need something?"
Nagisa: "The Chief took responsibility for everything. I don't think they'll hear Sakai's name."
Sayuri: "...But it's still a fact that the IV I had set up was completely drained while I was away."
Nagisa: "Well, that's what I just don't get. You're pretty obnoxious, but you've got Sawai beat when it comes to knowledge."
Urgh...it's embarrassing, but I really can't say anything to that...
Nagisa: "This was an IV with potassium that you knew was dangerous. I can't imagine you'd botch that."
That's my Senpai! She gets it!
Nagisa: "Listen, even a hospital is just another organization. It's still part of a world of dirty grown-ups. You can't let something like this get you down!"
Nagisa: "You're getting off with just writing an incident report, so get it done and keep at it, got it?"
This is Senpai's way of telling Sayuri not to give up or quit. And I was kind of rude at the start, asking her if she needed something like that...
Sayuri: "...You're right. Thank you very much."
Senpai's words seem to have gotten through, and with tears still in her eyes, Sayuri bows in appreciation. The sight renders Senpai speechless for a moment.
Nagisa: "...So even you can just apologize like that."
Sayuri: "......"
Nagisa: "Kidding, kidding! Besides, if you quit on us now, we'll be seriously hurting for help, and the Chief'd really have it in for me!"
With that, Senpai laughs her way out of the break room.
Sayuri: "...I don't really understand that person."
Kaori: "Oh no? She was actually trying to encourage you...well, in her own way, anyway."
We look at each other and giggle.
Kaori: "I don't know why this happened, but the Chief and Senpai are watching you, all right? So let's just...keep working. You don't have to worry about a thing."
Sayuri: "All right. Though the most reassuring thing is having you watch me, Kaori...Senpai."
Kaori: "......"
Just now! Sayuri called me Kaori Senpai!
Kaori: "....!!"
Whoa-whoa-whoa! This is inappropriate, but is this what that "moe"
stuff is?! Oh no, my face is burning up...!
Sayuri: "Um...is something the matter?"
Kaori: "O-Oh, not at all, not in the least! So, hey, let's hurry up and get that incident report squared away!"
====================scr00953.kgo====================
Since she'd sort of caused an incident, Sayuri was removed from being in charge of room 306 under the Chief's orders. But since I hadn't been removed from being in charge of said room, I take her into 306 with me as my preceptee.
Kaori: "All right, everyone! Time to take temperatures! Back to your beds, okay?"
Sayuri swiftly takes the kids' temperatures. That's right -- nothing's actually changed. Aside from Clarice's downcast expression.
Sayuri: "Hey Clarice, it's time to take your temperature."
Clarice: "......"
Clarice had opened her heart to Sayuri until the IV incident, but now, she's closed herself off to everyone... Now, even if Sayuri talks to her, she won't give her a normal response....Though she does look like she wants to say something...
Kaori: "......"
Sayuri: "......"
Ultimately, Clarice stayed silent during her vitals test, too. I end up leaving room 306 with a very down Sayuri at my side.
Sayuri: "Um...! There's something that's been on my mind for a while!"
We're drinking sweet milk tea together when Sayuri suddenly speaks up.
Sayuri: "She's a lot like I was, years ago."
Kaori: "...She? Are you talking about Clarice?"
Sayuri nods.
Sayuri: "Back then, no matter how many awful things I said to you, you'd always come back with a smile!"
Kaori: "Oh...yeah, that's my job."
...I try to sound cool, but I really got depressed a lot after our sessions and made so much trouble for my coworkers... That would probably depress Sayuri to hear, so I keep quiet. And I don't really want Sayuri to know even more about how sloppy her senpai is...
Sayuri: "I...I hated how I couldn't be honest with myself. How even though I didn't want to say awful things, I just did...and all of that made me hate myself so much."
Kaori: "Sayuri..."
When she droops her head, I go up next to her and gently put an arm around her shoulder.
Sayuri: "...But you didn't run away from me. You were so genuine with me..."
Sayuri: "You let me know how important an awful girl like me was to you, and you did it with your words and actions again and again... So..."
Sayuri starts crying, hard. She must have remembered the painful times. I let her know that she doesn't need to cry, not with my words, but with my body on hers.
Sayuri: "Will you...forgive me for what I did, back then...?"
Kaori: "That's all far in the past, don't worry. And I didn't dislike how you kept putting up a tough front."
Kaori: "You were fighting for your life. It was such a brutal battle that you had to be on edge all the time...that's all. It's proof of how hard you worked all by yourself."
Kaori: "And you've come so far, Sayuri. You can finally value yourself...and I love you all the more for it."
I give her tear-stained cheek an audible kiss. But that must have rubbed her the wrong way, because she pushes me away right after.
Kaori: "Eep?!"
Sayuri: "Th-That's not it! U-Um, I'm really glad that you said you loved me, b-but that's not what I'm getting at!"
Kaori: "H-Hang on, calm down a little, Sayuri! Deep breaths, okay? Inhale...exhale..."
Sayuri: "Inhale...exhale..."
She seems to have calmed down. Taking deep breaths is surprisingly effective.
Sayuri: "...Um. Well. I was wondering that maybe Clarice just...can't love herself."
Kaori: "Ohhh... If you don't love yourself, you won't try to let anyone understand you, and you won't try to make friends..."
Sayuri: "Yeah. She looks as mixed as can be, and she's really cute, so she might be bullied at school."
Sayuri: "You know how kids are -- they want to push away anyone that's different. They're a lot crueler than adults in that way."
Kaori: "That might be the case. She might have been bullied really hard...and closed her heart."
What Sayuri's saying makes a lot of sense! Then, when I don't expect it, she squeezes my hand.
Sayuri: "That said! Kaori, you'll help me, right?!"
I look up to see Sayuri's eyes burning with fighting spirit, matching nicely with her confident grin.
Kaori: "...We're up against a pretty tricky opponent."
We have our war council in my room, as usual.
Sayuri: "Heh heh heh...you mean a worthy opponent...! I'm going to make her open her heart, you'll see...!"
Suffering a string of defeats seems to have turned on a strange switch in Sayuri. Treats are out of the question based on her condition, and the doctor didn't give his permission, so we decided to go with a letter plan a week ago. Absolutely no effect. And today, Clarice didn't seem to like the origami we passed out for the kids' recreation time. She crumpled up the fresh sheet of folding paper she'd been given and threw it away.
Sayuri: "Now, what plan of attack to go with tomorrow... *Giggle*..."
Kaori: "S-Sayuri..."
It's a little embarrassing to see how much Sayuri refuses to lose, but watching her makes me think that I wasn't wrong, all those years ago. I went all out just like this when Sayuri wouldn't open her heart to me. Then, I murmur something that comes to mind.
Kaori: "You know, if you opened Clarice's heart and she fell for you, we'd been in a love triangle."
Sayuri: "What...?!"
That seems to have shocked her, because Sayuri drops her empty cup to the floor.
Sayuri: "I-I-I-I, I'm all about you, Kaori! And Clarice is still a child! I want to be pampered by an older woman -- that's my type!"
Kaori: "Then can't you go with the Chief or Yamanouchi or Senpai?"
Sayuri: "I don't want them! You're...you're older than me but really cute, and you're ditzy but you really come through when you need to!"
"Kaori Senpai, you're the only person I want to spoil me!"
Kaori: "...S-Sayuri..."
I can't help but blush a little. And Sayuri must've caught the heat on my cheeks, because she goes very red, too.
Sayuri: "Wh-What, were you trying to throw me off?! Trying to give me a shake?!"
Sayuri: "Well, you pulled it off! And so what?! This is how I really feel, all right?! And how about giving me a hug after making me shudder like this?!"
Kaori: "Oh, Sayuri..."
As she babbles on, I hug her tight into my chest. She immediately goes quiet -- adorable.
Sayuri: "...D-Don't put me on the spot like that..."
She was pretty cute when she went on that tangent, though.
Kaori: "All right...sorry about that."
I decide to come clean and apologize. Sayuri calms down, and after letting out a sigh, she hugs me tight. About two weeks have passed since the incident. Clarice is in a foul mood today, too. Her condition has stabilized, and the Chief managed to get permission for sweets from the doctor. Only for a few, though. Sayuri poured her heart and soul into making cookies last night in my room, and I helped out. Making the cookies was a lot of fun, but...she couldn't have them. Kohaku, back in the hospital to have her diabetes looked after, seemed like she wanted the cookies, but...her blood sugar hadn't stabilized yet, so unfortunately, we couldn't let her have any.
Sayuri: "I'm not out of approaches yet! There's no time for me to feel sorry for myself!"
Kaori: "...You sure are strong, Sayuri."
Sayuri: "Of course! Who do you think I am?!"
               However.      There was an emergency before we could think      of our next move. Yamanouchi, who had come to start her night shift, dashed into the nurses station.
Yasuko: "Kohaku's pukin' her guts out!"
Kaori: "What...?!"
Hatsumi: "Sawai, Sakai, take the emergency cart and a change of linens! And don't forget to check her vitals!"
Hatsumi: "Fujisawa, take care of checking her blood sugar! And don't forget to take the insulin scale! I'm going to go and call the doctor!"
A blood sugar check revealed that it had spiked, and an insulin injection stabilized Kohaku's condition, but...
Hatsumi: "According to Clarice, Sawai wrapped cookies in origami and handed them out to all the children in 306."
Kaori: "Wait, what?!"
I'm nothing but surprised at the Chief's statement. Sayuri's eyes are wide beside me, too.
Hatsumi: "...I can't believe this..."
Kaori: "I-It wasn't me! I didn't do anything like that!"
I scramble to defend myself -- unconvincingly, I might add. Sure, I wrapped the cookies Sayuri made in origami, and Sayuri passed them out to all the kids in 306 except for Kohaku. We didn't give one to Kohaku, and we explained why we couldn't!
Hatsumi: "Oh, I'm sorry, I gave you the wrong idea."
Hatsumi: "What I want to say is, I can't believe that she would actually think I'd believe such a shoddy lie."
Senpai gives me an exasperated jab to the side with her elbow.
Nagisa: "You dummy, the Chief's not going to suspect you. Not now."
Sayuri: "......"
Sayuri looks at the Chief and Senpai with worried eyes.
Nagisa: "Oh, looks like there's another dummy here... Guys, the Chief isn't the least bit suspicious of either of you!"
Yasuko: "I brought her over."
Everyone present looks over at the entrance. Looking much better, Kohaku is half hiding behind Yamanouchi's back.
Hatsumi: "I'm very sorry, Kohaku. Let me cut to the chase -- why did your blood sugar go up so suddenly?"
Kohaku: "Well...Clarice said that the cookies Miss Sawai made didn't have any flavor..."
Kohaku: "She told me they were made so sick kids could eat them, and that I should try one. The nurses told me not to, but...I just did it."
Sayuri: "......"
Sayuri: "Then after that, she gave me some sweet juice. She said it was her favorite...and when I drank it, I got really sick..."
Yasuko: "Hey, this happened a bit back, but remember when Clarice got sick?"
Kohaku: "Oh, you mean back when her parents were here and yelling and stuff?"
Yasuko: "Yeah, back then. Did ya see Clarice touch her IV?"
Kohaku: "...When I told her that the nurses would be mad at her if she touched her IV, she threw her garbage bin at me..."
Kaori: "......"
Nagisa: "...Bingo, huh..."
Sayuri: "......"
I glance at Sayuri. She's just gripping at the hem of her uniform and looking down with a complicated, indescribable expression. This is probably a truth she didn't want to hear... And the thought makes pain shoot through my chest.
====================scr00954.kgo====================
It's the night shift now, but because of the incident with Kohaku, we can't leave yet. This time, Clarice is called over to the break room, where Sayuri and the Chief are.
Nagisa: "...What's going to happen...?"
Kaori: "I can't tell..."
I'm worried about how hurt Sayuri looked when she saw Clarice.
Clarice: "No! Niente! Nothing good's going to come out of living!"
When I hear a loud crash and Clarice shouting about something very serious sounding, I quickly open the break room door.
Clarice: "What did I do wrong?! I didn't ask to be born with a face like this! Or this hair!"
Clarice: "I hate my eye color, too! I don't believe in a god who would just make me suffer like this! Or give me this worthless, diseased body!"
Clarice's shoulders go up and down through labored breaths. I realize that the crash was of Clarice throwing a cup. There are fragments of porcelain at her feet.
Sayuri: "No matter how much you hate it, there's no changing the fact that this is your body."
Clarice: "Then I'll get rid of it! I wanted black hair, like everyone else! I wanted black hair like you, Sayuri!"
Sayuri: "If your hair color's the problem, then just dye it. If you hate your face, then get surgery. If you don't like your eye color, there's colored contacts."
Sayuri: "Is that all it'll take to get you to like your body? Hah. Don't make me laugh."
Clarice: "...!"
Sayuri stands up and lays into Clarice.
Sayuri: "That pathetic nihilism of yours might've killed Kohaku! Do you understand that, you murderer? You killer?!"
Sayuri: "If Yamanouchi didn't happen to peek into the room, Kohaku would've been in the ground, you butcher!"
Sayuri: "If you've got your reasons for wanting to die, then go ahead and kill yourself -- but hold off until AFTER you leave the hospital!"
Hatsumi: "Sakai, you're...still speaking with a child, you need to go easier on..."
When the Chief tries to pacify Sayuri, she lets out a quiet sigh.
Sayuri: "When I was Clarice's age, my parents had been long divorced, and my mother would barely feed me enough to survive."
Sayuri: "I had to get food from my neighbors daily...can you believe that?"
"That mother of mine wouldn't pay school lunch fees, and I had no clothes... No one would be my friend, what with me in my rags."
Sayuri: "I thought I wasn't loved because I was a bad girl. So I hated myself...and thought everyone would be better off if I disappeared."
Kaori: "Sayuri..."
I've never heard this part of Sayuri's past before. I figured she had a poor relationship with her mother, since she'd given Sayuri her inheritance early and cut herself out of her life, but I didn't know it was this awful...
Sayuri: "So I got sick, got admitted to this hospital, and had this annoying rookie in charge of me. I bullied her to feel better, but I didn't feel better at all..."
Sayuri: "...Hey, let me ask you. Did it make you feel any better? Messing with your IV and blaming me for it, and making Kohaku eat sweets?"
Clarice: "......"
Sayuri: "As long as you believe you're unhappy, that's all you're going to be: unhappy. If you want to be any happier, you've got to WANT it!"
When Sayuri says that, Clarice starts bawling.
Clarice: "But... No! I can't! I'm not the same as everyone!"
Nagisa: "Really? Well, I like how you look, Clarice. Like, look at me? I'm pretty boring and normal."
Senpai's tone is relaxed.
Nagisa: "I'm not especially pretty, and I'm not ugly either, of course. But with the way I look, patients don't even remember my name."
Hatsumi: "I'm jealous of those big, round eyes of yours. My eyes are on the slanted side, so people will ask me if I'm angry when I'm nothing of the sort."
Kaori: "I think those full lips are really cute! You've got big eyes, too, so I think you'll be beautiful when you grow up, and you can even add a little makeup!"
Sayuri: "I hate my black hair, so I think I'd like to try a color like yours, Clarice."
Sayuri: "Because if I put this hair into a French braid, it ends up looking like a shimenawa! You know what those are? They're those big ropes you find in shrines..."
Clarice: "Shi-me...na-wa..."
Sayuri softly puts her arms around Clarice.
Sayuri: "No one can love you as much as you can love yourself. If you don't love yourself, happiness is never going to come to you."
Sayuri: "And I like you, Clarice. What about you?"
Clarice: "I'm...I'm...I'm so sorrrryyy!"
Sayuri: "I don't think I'm the person you want to apologize to. Sawai's over there, and..."
???: "I don't need any apology. It's been forever since I've had a cookie, anyway."
Clarice: "K-Kohaku...?"
Kohaku is standing at the entrance. Yamanouchi is standing behind her with a mischievous grin.
Yasuko: "She was on th' way, so I brought her over."
When she sees Kohaku, Clarice stands up.
Clarice: "Scusa...! I'm sorry, I...I..."
Kohaku: "Hey, Clarice...I always thought you were cute."
Kohaku: "So even though I knew I shouldn't eat the cookie you gave me, I really wanted to, no matter what."
Clarice: "...Kohaku..."
Kohaku: "Hey...will you be my friend?"
Clarice: "Incredible! I, I would love to!"
Clarice shakes off Sayuri's arms and throws hers around Kohaku.
Clarice: "I'm...I'm really sorry...okay?"
Kohaku: "Hey, it's okay, promise..."
Aww, now we have a cute, new friendship on our hands!
Clarice: "Kohaku... Do you know what ti amo means?"
Wait, is she saying what I...?
Kohaku: "Um...? Does it mean love?"
Clarice: "You got it? You got it! Kohaku, I love you!"
Yasuko: "......"
Yamanouchi is grinning to herself, but...I'll leave her be. I look to see that the Chief and Senpai are making somewhat strange faces, too, but...well, whatever.
Sayuri: "Clarice really was just like me..."
Sayuri sips the tea I made her, then lets out a sigh.
Kaori: "Sayuri..."
I don't know what to say after hearing Sayuri's tragic past.
Sayuri: "Are you worried about my past? Well, you don't have to. It's far behind me."
Kaori: "Y-Yeah..."
Sayuri: "What's more important is now. And I'm very happy now. Happy, and...really glad that I didn't kill myself!"
Kaori: "Yeah..."
Joy starts to bubble up inside me. I'm so glad... I'm so happy she's by my side now...
Sayuri: "But I have to say, I don't think she had to end up THAT much like me."
Kaori: "What do you mean?"
Sayuri: "The person she took her frustrations out on opened her heart...and now they have eyes only for each other."
Kaori: "R-Really? But, they're both still kids..."
Sayuri: "People don't change much growing up, and the seeds have been sown."
Kaori: "......"
She sounds so confident... But hearing that confidence reminds me of something.
Kaori: "Hey...I hope this doesn't offend, but was your first crush..."
Sayuri: "I think it was my teacher back in elementary school... Frilly dresses looked lovely on her....She didn't stick around for too long, though."
Oh, was that the teacher who worried about Sayuri and made her the omelet...?
Sayuri: "Don't disappear on me, all right, Kaori? If you do, at least tell me, first..."
Kaori: "I'll always be here, Sayuri."
I didn't want to hear any more, so I interrupted her with a hug.
Kaori: "I want to stay by your side, Sayuri. So don't worry... I'll always be here..."
When I gently bring my face closer to hers, she closes her eyes.
Kaori: "You won't be disappearing on me, will you, Sayuri...?"
Sayuri: "...I won't, I promise. We'll always be together..."
====================scr00955.kgo====================
Two months later... Clarice's Graves' disease started to show signs of getting better after her pollen allergies cleared up, and since she's well enough to go home, she's leaving the hospital today. Oh, and since Kohaku had gotten sick from the cold wave at the end of spring and couldn't control her blood sugar, her hospital stay was more of a preventative measure. She left after about two weeks. She would come to visit Clarice whenever she was off school, though, and every time Yamanouchi saw them together in the hospital room, she'd sneer to herself....Don't become a no good grown up like Yamanouchi, all right, you two? ...But as much as I want to say that to them, I feel like going into detail would sully their young ears, so I have to keep quiet. If, if only...!
Clarice: "Thank you very much for everything!"
Clarice bows politely. Sayuri's already teary eyed beside her...
Clarice: "I want to study so I can work in a hospital like Sayuri and everyone else."
Clarice: "And Papa said I could even be a doctor if I worked hard enough!"
Clarice: "And I want to heal kids that are sick like Kohaku."
Yasuko: "A doctor, huh? Heh, y'know, a doctor coat ain't half bad, either..."
Hatsumi: "Studying is important, but so is your health. Make sure you don't study yourself sick, all right?"
Clarice: "Don't worry, I won't! Kohaku looks really sad when I get a fever! But it's my dream, so I'll do my best!"
Nagisa: "...I feel like I've heard this line somewhere before."
Clarice bows her head one last time, then gets on the elevator.
Sayuri: "Clarice...take care, okay...?"
Clarice: "You too, Sayuri! Thanks for everything! Goodbye!"
The elevator door slowly closes. When it closes fully, I find myself whispering...
Kaori: "...Hey, is it just me, or did Clarice totally ignore me?"
That all aside, even without Clarice in the ward, I've got a lot of patients to deal with. My days are still busy. And tomorrow, we have our first day off together in ages! I get to lounge around with Sayuri tonight!
Sayuri: "Ah!"
Sayuri cries out when she looks at her phone.
Sayuri: "Hey, Kaori, look at this!"
On the screen are Clarice and Kohaku, laughing in swimsuits at the pool.
Sayuri: "They went and pulled off a date at the pool...!"
The image seems to have flipped a switch in Sayuri. She gets really competitive in the strangest places.
Sayuri: "Kaori, let's go to the beach tomorrow!"
Kaori: "The beach...? Isn't it still too cold to swim in the sea...?"
Sayuri: "I don't mind! I want to go, so we're going! ...Or do you not like the idea of the beach, Kaori?"
Kaori: "Well, I'm not really against it..."
Sayuri: "Then it's settled! I've got to wake up early tomorrow and make lunch, so I'm going to go to bed! Good night!"
Kaori: "Huh? W-Wait, what...?!"
But I wanted to lounge around and chat with Sayuri tonight! The seawater in June is still a little cold. But since the sun is directly over us, the chilly water feels really nice.
Sayuri: "I've always wanted to come to the beach with you, Kaori!"
Sayuri's innocently enjoying herself.
Kaori: "Then you could've just said something. Like, we could have come out when you were a student on summer vacation, or something..."
Sayuri: "We couldn't have. When I was in school, I decided I'd leave all my play for after I became a nurse."
Kaori: "Y-You could've loosened up a little..."
But really, I just love Sayuri so much, and how serious she is, too...
Sayuri: "Well...we actually have Kohaku to thank for this. She told me something, a little bit before she left the hospital."
Kaori: "She did?"
Sayuri: "She said that...even though she'd been looking out to sea every day from her window, ever since she met Clarice, it looked completely different."
Oh, Sayuri had been talking with Kohaku without me.
Sayuri: "And when I told her that probably happened because she'd fallen in love..."
Kaori: "Yeah...?"
Sayuri: "She went red and smiled."
Kohaku's really reserved, so that sounds like her... I smile and sip the tea Sayuri made us, imagining Kohaku's scene playing out with a warm heart.
Sayuri: "Back when I was a patient there,, Kohaku was just a little girl. She was always negative and crying, but..."
Sayuri: "People really do grow, don't they? She actually told me with a smile that she'd confess her love on the day she gets discharged."
Kaori: "Wow... Kohaku really isn't a little kid anymore..."
Sayuri: "So then, she asked me to give her tips on going out with another girl..."
Kaori: "Uwah?!"
I choke on my tea a little.
Sayuri: "Hm? Kaori, are you all right? You could slow down with your tea..."
Kaori: "S-So, uh, what did you tell her?"
Sayuri: "*Giggle*... Well, it's easy."
With a cheerful smile, Sayuri looked away from me and to the sparkling sea.
Sayuri: "Be honest with yourself about how much you love her....That's what I told her."
Kaori: "......"
Sayuri: "Clarice was cold to you because she was jealous of you, I think."
Kaori: "Jealous? What for?"
Sayuri: "Kaori, you...you really are dense! Come on, you know it's because she figured out I love you, don't you?"
Sayuri: "...But more than that, she was probably jealous that you had someone give you 100\% of their feelings."
Kaori: "...But I love you, too, Sayuri."
Sayuri: "Well, I'm extreme. To put it bluntly, as long as I have you, I don't care about anything else."
Sayuri: "But you're not like that, right?"
Sayuri: "You're a lot greedier. You want to have Fujisawa, Yamanouchi, the Chief, AND me."
...You know, she's probably right.
Sayuri: "So I won't be selfish and tell you to only look at me. But, if you take your eyes off me when it's just the two of us..."
Kaori: "If I do...?"
Her face comes closer.
Sayuri: "*Giggle* I'll throw a tantrum like you won't believe."
Kaori: "Now, we can't have that! Would you calm down if I gave you mouth to mouth and blew a bunch of love into you?"
Sayuri: "Do give it a try."
Kaori: "Yeah? Then, here goes. Mm...mmm?!"
Waiting for after I'd breathed into her, she breathes right back into me.
Kaori: "S-S-S-Sayuri?!"
Sayuri: "*Giggle*... You know...I think that instead of having love blown into you, it might be better to blow and suck."
Sayuri: "I feel like the more you get your love sucked up, the more it pours out from deep within you."
Kaori: "...Sayuri, that sounds kind of suggestive."
Sayuri: "*Giggle* That was on purpose. Don't like me when I'm being dirty?"
She giggles at me. She really is a handful. But...  "How could I not like you?   I love you enough that I want to suck up your heart   until I'm completely full of your love."
         "...*Giggle*... Oh,          Kaori, I love you..."
       She's a handful, but she sure is cute.         What am I going to do?         Sayuri's just too cute!
====================scr01001.kgo====================
Yamanouchi has become my preceptor. With a crafty old fox like Yamanouchi teaching me the ropes I can become every bit the pro she is!! Yeah, I've got to seize this bull by the horns!! ...But I can only get so far by psyching myself up.
Kaori: "Urgh..."
The fried egg in my lunchbox tastes of despair. It turns out that Yamanouchi's teaching style is at odds with Senpai's; she leaves her charges to "think for themselves."
Yasuko: "Do ya get why we use an intradermal injection before setting an antibiotic drip?"
Kaori: "Hwah...? Erm... No."
Yasuko: "Then consider finding out your homework. Ya come back with an answer and I'll hear ya out."
Yasuko: "I'm not setting ya a deadline, though mind I won't be letting you near an intradermal drip until I've got an answer."
Kaori: "Wha..."
I figured out that we use intradermal injections to check for allergic reactions to antibiotics almost straight away, so I'm allowed to make them again. I try my best to follow Yamanouchi's lead but, the more progress I make the more questions are thrown my way. By the time work is finished I'm exhausted. I've gotten a handle things now, but that doesn't stop me from tensing up whenever Yamanouchi checks over my work. And worse, I've been getting nasty doses of vitriol from Miss Sakai since she was returned to my care... Urgh. But I'm not giving up!! One day I'll be the super partner that Yamanouchi always wanted. She'll be yelling it from the rooftops!! And when that happens I'm sure Miss Sakai's complaints will run dry. Two birds with one stone!!
Kaori: "I...I won't give up!!"
I gulp down what I'm chewing and head for the nurses station a fraction earlier than usual.
Kaori: "...Hm?"
Is it just me, or is the ward busier than usual...?
Yasuko: "Sawai, sorry to cut ya break short, but grab an emergency cart from the outpatient ward and hurry on back!"
Kaori: "Wasn't there an emergency cart in the internal medicine ward as well?"
Yasuko: "Mr. Ryukaku and Mrs. Amino lost consciousness at dang near the same time! Our cart is stuck in room 312 right now!"
Meaning we can't use our emergency cart to help Mrs. Amino in room 301...!
Kaori: "Understood! I'll get the cart from the outpatient ward, ASAP!!"
It's outside of regular surgery hours right now so their emergency cart shouldn't be in use!! If I explain the situation to the outpatient nurse on duty she should let me borrow it, right...?
Hatsumi: "Good job, everyone..."
We managed to wriggle out of a tight spot thanks to the Chief taking lead on Mr. Ryukaku's sudden change, and Yamanouchi taking lead on Mrs. Amino's. As Yamanouchi's preceptee I was part of Mrs. Amino's successful response team, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't panicking and lost at first. But when Yamanouchi started firing off orders and I realized she knew exactly what she was doing, I could focus on what I needed to do. Mrs. Amino's situation stabilized and Mr. Ryukaku's breathing returned to normal because Yamanouchi had our backs. They're in the clear, for now.
Kaori: "For a moment I thought the worst. We're lucky they sprang back."
Yasuko: "Huh? ‘Lucky?’"
Yamanouchi rips her eyes from the instant coffee Senpai had poured her to glare at me.
Yasuko: "Remind me how long you've been a professional, again? Did it never occur to ya to take a gander at what's happening and think for yourself?"
Yasuko: "It doesn't take a nurse to stand there twiddling their thumbs. What do you come in everyday wearing that white uniform for?!"
Kaori: "..."
Yasuko: "Mind telling me what ya spent three years as a student, and months on top as a nurse doing? If yer going to stand there like a deer caught in headlights then go on and leave!"
Kaori: "..."
I can't believe what I'm hearing. My eyes begin to sting. I choke down the welling tears. I can't cry here. Yamanouchi shifts targets from me to Senpai.
Yasuko: "Fujisawa. Look, I see that yer trying to be a stand up preceptor, but all ya done is go easy on her and shower her with praise."
Yasuko: "Having yer charges screw up is to be expected. But if they screw up because yer going easy on them you have to be prepared to accept full responsibility. Are ya?"
Nagisa: "...S-Sorry... I think it was the right choice that you took over as her preceptor..."
Senpai looks as ready to cry as I feel it. It's my fault. Senpai is being reprimanded for my shortcomings...
Yasuko: "Ya dummy. That's not what I wanna hear! Think like a professional first if you want to act like one!"
Yasuko: "Y'all need to understand the importance of having each other's backs when ya working! She's following yer lead so ya better whip yourself into shape!!"
Nagisa: "S-Sorry..."
Kaori: "..."
I stand helplessly, watching Senpai bite down on her lip, crying. Senpai, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean for you to take flak for my screw up.
Yasuko: "Quit yer blubbering. Yer in for a shock if ya think crying over spilt milk will do ya any good."
Nagisa: "I...know that!!"
Hatsumi: "They've had enough, Yamanouchi. Given the unusual circumstances we faced today you can hardly blame them."
Yamanouchi haughtily averts her gaze.
Hatsumi: "...But Yamanouchi is right, Fujisawa. You can quit being Sawai's preceptor, but as her senior you can't quit being someone she looks up to."
Hatsumi: "Both Sawai and the patients look up to you for support... You'd do well to remember that."
Nagisa: "I-I understand..."
Hatsumi: "And you, Sawai. As long as you're wearing that white uniform you're a professional nurse. Never forget that."
Hatsumi: "Your inexperience comes with the territory, but if you search yourself you'll find you have ‘something’ to compensate for it."
Kaori: "‘Something?’... Like what?"
The Chief lets out a giggle.
Hatsumi: "You wouldn't be searching yourself if I told you, would you? I have high hopes for you. Keep your chin up!"
On the one hand I'm ecstatic that the Chief took my side, but on the other I hate myself for screwing up so badly.           Is this...a dream?           I see a girl. She's babbling something incomprehensible at the vacant space in front of her.
Kaori: "..."
???: "I recall being irritated. Why, you might ask? Because I couldn't escape the sense that I was being forced to watch myself limp along. That's why."
...Is she quoting a novel, or something?
Kaori: "Who are you? What are you doing over there?"
???: "I couldn't contain my irritation. I have the power now. But knowing that doesn't stop me from getting irritated. That's my weakness."
My voice doesn't seem to reaching her. Or maybe I'm just being ignored? I deserved the tongue-lashing I got yesterday. But that's in the past now! Today's a new day!! Yamanouchi's a pro with several years under her belt, and I'm a newbie. I shouldn't beat myself up because I can't hold a candle to her. I'm lucky to have her as a preceptor. I'm going to take any harsh criticism she has on board and pilfer every trick she knows!
Kaori: "Oh, the IV bags have been filled and checked! In that case I'll go set up the drips!!"
Nagisa: "S-Sawai...?"
Kaori: "Yamanouchi, you have your hands full with delicate cases like Mrs. Amino and Mr. Ryukaku, so I'll do anything else I can. Just name it!"
Yasuko: "Is that right? Alrighty, I'll leave the IV's to y'all then."
Nagisa: "Sawai... Can you handle all that? You don't have to overdo it, you know?"
Kaori: "I'm fine, really! I made a choice to do everything I can!!"
I know the cheer is a facade. But they say fake it until you make it, and that's exactly what I'm going to do!!
Kaori: "It's time for your IVs! Turn on your side, please!"
Kaori: "...See, I managed to set up IV drips for the six patients in the large room without missing a beat!"
Yasuko: "......Ya mean you did what was expected of ya? Try putting yourself in their shoes. How'd you feel if it didn't go off without a hitch?"
Urgh...!
Kaori: "W-Well, it would REALLY rub me up the wrong way if I was poked with a needle several times..."
Yasuko: "Right? Making a clean injection is the bare minimum, the most basic of skills for a nurse."
Yamanouchi barks, then ejects herself from the nurses station.
Nagisa: "...Th-The nerve!! It wouldn't kill her to throw a little praise your way!!"
Kaori: "...It's fine, Senpai. Yamanouchi is just reviewing the fundamentals so they sink in for me."
That doesn't mean I'm able to hide my disappointment, though... *sigh* Today, I did the routine bottle switch. When I ran into Miss Sakai she was her usual frosty self. I thought taking responsibility for her again would change that. Another sigh leaks out.
Kaori: "...*Sigh*"
Sayuri: "...Sighing in front of your patients? You aren't nurse material. Called it."
Sayuri: "You don't act like a professional. Scratch that, aren't one, period."
Kaori: "..."
I bow out of Miss Sakai's room in defeated silence. I crouch down in an empty stairwell. I don't want to go back to the nurses station.
Kaori: "I'm...a complete screwup..."
Don't cry. For now...all I can do is stiffle the urge to cry a little. I'll go back to the nurses station once I've pulled myself together... The moment I get back the Chief leads me by the hand and stuffs me into the break room.
Hatsumi: "I won't ask what happened. Just drink this for now."
She hands me a urine sample cup filled with piping hot coffee.
Kaori: "...Why a urine sample cup?"
Hatsumi: "Why...? Because it reinforces the working-in-a-hospital-chic?"
Kaori: "I kind of...see where you're coming from?"
Guess I should be grateful she didn't fill it with green tea. I put my lips to the cup. The flavor of coffee and tickle of hot water seeps into my bones....The Chief's coffee's way too weak... Still, I can't look a gift horse in the mouth.
Kaori: "Erm... Can I ask you something?"
Hatsumi: "Like what?"
Kaori: "Am I...cut out to be a nurse?"
Hatsumi: "...Would you quit if I told you that you weren't?"
Kaori: "..."
I stare at the steam wafting from the coffee, totally off kilter at having the question redirected at me.
Hatsumi: "Why do you do this job? For props from Fujisawa and Yamanouchi? You know that's not why."
Kaori: "..."
I nod, not speaking a word. I love having my hard work recognized. But that's not why I put on the white uniform.
Hatsumi: "We do this job for our patients."
Hatsumi: "We're expected to discharge our duties, even if our praises go unsung."
Hatsumi: "It's our job to help our patients get healthier by the day. Wouldn't you agree?"
Kaori: "..."
I feel something stir inside me that makes me look up.
Hatsumi: "There's nothing like that high you get when you're thanked for only doing what's expected of you, is there?"
Her eyes shine kindly at me.
Hatsumi: "You don't have the experience to know this firsthand, but the longer you stick with this profession, the more rewarding it becomes."
Hatsumi: "If you were to quit before then...you'd be missing out."
Kaori: "Missing out...?"
Hatsumi: "You honestly would. It's true that being a nurse comes with plenty of hardship. But it's outweighed by the joy you get from it."
The Chief smiles gently, lost in reverie.
Hatsumi: "In most jobs you just leech, giving nothing in return. But how many jobs let you give back, and really make you feel alive? ...I don't think you'll find many."
Nagisa: "Aaand that's a wrap!!"
I wanted to hear Yamanouchi's input, but as always, she left as soon as her duties ended. Instead I was, and I feel weird saying this, "straddled"
with, Senpai.
Kaori: "Good job."
Nagisa: "What's biting you? Where's your gusto, Sawai!"
Kaori: "I...I'm fine. Maybe you're imagining things?"
Nagisa: "You're really giving it your all, lately! You sure the stress isn't getting to you? Now rest your head on Aunt Nagisa's bosoms and tell her what's wrong!!"
Senpai praised me... But, truth be told, I'm not gushing with glee about it.
Kaori: "Really... I'm fine."
Nagisa: "Why you! You implying my bosoms aren't big enough for you?!"
Kaori: "...That's not...what I meant..."
It's not her validation I want...
Nagisa: "Say, isn't Yamanouchi laying into you kind of hard recently? You holding up okay? I could have sworn she was going a little easier on you before."
Yamanouchi has her reasons. You're right...
Kaori: "I'm sure Yamanouchi has her reasons."
Nagisa: "I suppose that makes sense; her attitude might have changed a little because she's your preceptor now."
Kaori: "You're right... It has."
Nagisa: "I can't figure out what's going through her head for the life of me."
Nagisa: "In fact, I don't get the first thing about her! One minute you've got her pegged as a clown, the next she's dead serious."
"So you figure she's serious at heart, and then she's sexually harassing the nurses!"
Kaori: "It's hard to get a read on her, huh? But the Chief seems to place stock in her."
Nagisa: "I hear that Yamanouchi used to drift from one place to the next until the Chief begged her to stay here."
Kaori: "Oh wait... That rings a bell..."
Nagisa: "I even heard that Yamanouchi was doing better for herself drifting around."
Nagisa: "And yet, somehow, the Chief managed to talk her into staying here... The Chief must have played a good hand."
Kaori: "..."
I can't imagine what it must be like to just...drift between hospitals.
Nagisa: "Ah! It wasn't her hands that seduced Yamanouchi, it was her boobs!! They're humongous."
Kaori: "S-Senpai?!"
Nagisa: "Ahaha. I'm toying with you. Hmph, Yamanouchi's sexual harassment must be contagious!"
Senpai playfully slaps my back and shoulders.
Kaori: "S-Senpai, that stings!"
Just joking around like this again lifts my spirits a little. I should be grateful to have her as a Senpai.
====================scr01002.kgo====================
And so, Mrs. Amino ultimately passed away.
Hatsumi: "...Sawai, do you have any After Death Care experience?"
I answer with a heavy shake of the head.
Kaori: "...None."
Hatsumi: "I see... In that case, Yamanouchi, you walk her through it. The nursing assistants should have the essentials ready."
Kaori: "...Understood..."
I follow Yamanouchi, my mouth locked, and my gaze fixed on her back. This doesn't feel real. All Mrs. Amino wanted...was to go home and see Gramps...
Yasuko: "...My condolences. Can I ask her loved ones to wait in the hallway for a moment while we make final preparations?"
Mrs. Amino's family members stand to leave, some pausing to hold her hand, others to stroke her hair. One of them, a tall grey-haired man, casts a sorrowful smile at us before he shuffles out of the room.
Kaori: "..."
That was probably Mrs. Amino's husband.
Yasuko: "...Sawai. First we wipe the body down. Douse a towel in hot water..."
Kaori: "S-Sure thing..."
I don't have time to cry. I observed After Death Care in progress once when I was a student. This is the last thing we nurses can do for our patients. It has to be a heartfelt gesture......
Yasuko: "Hey, Hana. Ya didn't make it home to Gramps, but ya have a heck of a family to be proud of."
After we wipe the body down with a warm towel we change it into a fresh pair of clothes.
Kaori: "Was that tall elderly gentleman earlier Mrs. Amino's...?"
Yasuko: "Bingo. He had a stroke, too. Hana had a spring in her step back then -- would come to see Gramps every day."
Yasuko: "But his stroke was localized; it only inconvenienced him a mite in his day-to-day life, so we was discharged faster than you could spit..."
Yasuko: "Then the next month rolls 'round and Hana has a stroke. Gramps beat himself up over that... Those were hard times."
I take the cotton and disposable chopsticks handed to me. The cotton is for plugging any and all of the body's orifices. When vital activity ends the human body decomposes and the cell structure begins to dissolve. It's critical to properly plug cavities with cotton to contain cell tissue leakage that might soil the body. It's current practice to use plastic that hardens to air exposure, but it comes with the price tag you'd expect, so we use the tried and true method here. I stuff Mrs. Amino's nasal cavities with cotton, careful not to alter the shape of her face. Meanwhile, Yamanouchi makes conversation as she bundles cotton into the ear canal with the chopsticks.
Kaori: "I...had an incident where Mrs. Amino soiled herself in front of her family..."
Yasuko: "Right. The episode when the Chief took you to case for it, and ‘diaper gate’ incident that what followed."
Yasuko: "Hana's tough as a box of nails. If she could speak she wouldn't be fretting over what's gone and done."
Kaori: "...You really think so?"
Yasuko: "She's the kind of person that might think ya a snot-nosed brat, but she'd never let her face say it."
...I'm not sure if that makes me feel better or worse... Still...
Kaori: "..."
I wipe away the tears, but they stubbornly keep coming back.
Yasuko: "That's what it means to be a woman: Ya might have fierce anger in ya head, but you act cool, and keep the peace..."
Yasuko: "Ya could say Hana was a woman's woman. Made a young 'un like me look up to her, ya know?"
Kaori: "...Egh..."
I brush the tears away, only for more to follow. I can't work at all. I can't be like this now...!!
Yasuko: "I won't tell ya to quit yer blubbering, but don't think crying will excuse not doing yer job, ya hear?"
Yasuko: "It doesn't matter if you keep on crying. If you can gussy up the patient and return them to their family then you've got After Death Care down."
Kaori: "O-Okay... I'm sorry..."
A smile broadens on Yamanouchi's lips as she applies the finishing touches to the make up.
Yasuko: "Say, what kind of lipstick did Hana prefer, ya reckon? She was a kind and gentle soul, so I reckon orange would suit her nicely."
Yamanouchi traces vivid color back onto her colorless lips.
Yasuko: "And for the cheeks...a fetching shade of brown. She said she didn't really like pink... Someone's looking good, ain't they, Sawai?"
Kaori: "S-She looks...great... *hic*"
Yasuko: "Hear that? The youngest nurse in the hospital says you look swell. When Gramps sees ya his eyes will pop out of his head. I bet y'all be hit on left and right over yonder."
Kaori: "..."
Yasuko: "Don't be getting up to any hanky panky until Gramps has seen ya off, ya hear? ...Just hold your horses a little while longer."
As weird as it sounds, Mrs. Amino's face seems to relax at Yamanouchi's risque bedside manner. Once we pass Mrs. Amino to her family I just can't hold it in anymore. I find an empty stairwell and wail under my breath. The way Gramps couldn't shed a tear as his family filed out replays in my mind. It's too much, the tears won't stop.
Ami: "U-Um, Kaorin? Is everything all right?"
Kaori: "..."
I'd love to look her in the eye and tell her everything's fine, but I can't keep myself from sobbing into my arms. Every time I open my mouth to say something I feel the urge to wail... I'm vaguely aware she's has left the stairwell. I'm sorry, Ami. Right now all my thoughts are with Mrs. Amino. All Mrs. Amino wanted...was the go home and see Gramps... Gramps even promised he'd wait for her... And now he's going to live in that large, empty house on his own... It makes me painfully aware that there's nothing I can do. I'm not cut out to be a nurse.
???: "You stay sitting there and the cold will seep into your organs through your butt. I'd expect a professional to know how to take care of themselves."
Startled, I look up to see Miss Sakai, exasperated, and Ami crying next to her.
Sayuri: "I heard that Mrs. Amino passed away. You aren't seriously going to tell us about it in this freezer, are you?"
Ami: "R-Right after Sayurin was hospitalized we'd wander the wards together. Aunt Amino would give us candy."
Sayuri: "You don't have to tell her everything!!"
Ami: "Sayurin doesn't like cinnamon flavored sweets, but she'd force herself to down them in front of Aunt Amino. The faces she'd make!"
Sayuri: "Geez! Shut it!"
It's surreal to think that only moments earlier a patient of mine died, and I saw off her grieving family. And now the ward is the same as ever...
Kaori: "..."
Sayuri: "You're in no place to laugh at me. But...if you tell us about what happened to Mrs. Amino I'll permit it, just for today."
Kaori: "...Sure. It's a deal."
I watch Miss Sakai, her face turned away in a pout, and feel the gap between us has closed... Or maybe it's just my imagination? The three of us reminisce about Mrs. Amino in Miss Sakai's room. When I mention that Mrs. Amino went with a smile on her face, almost as if drifting off into sleep, Ami breaks down and cries.
Yasuko: "...Say, Sawai."
Yamanouchi catches me off guard, calling out my name partway through filing Mrs. Amino's records. She didn't so much as look up as she called, so I rationalized my mind was playing tricks on me. Guess I was wrong.
Yasuko: "How about coming over to my place tonight?"
Are you...sure? Erm -- you mean to help out again? I didn't think she'd ask me to come over with Mrs. Amino having just passed away.
Kaori: "Erm... Are you...sure?"
This time, Yamanouchi looks up.
Yasuko: "Whaddya mean?"
The truth is I want to go...
Kaori: "I mean, look around. Is it really okay to party it up with what's happened with Mrs. Amino...?"
Kaori: "Whoa?!"
Yasuko: "Bless yer heart, but ya should know the world of the living and the dead ain't the same."
Kaori: "Ahh..."
She's right. It depends on how you look at it.
Kaori: "...In that case, and since it's been while, maybe I will..."
Kaori: "Erm, you mean to help out again?"
I enunciate bluntly, despite being overjoyed at the long-awaited invitation I'm not in the mood to hang out at Yamanouchi's place after having seen Mrs. Amino off. But, deep down, I'm happy for the invite. Yamanouchi finally looks up, a mischievous smile playing across her face.
Yasuko: "Huh, what's that, now? You getting mouthy with me, Sawai?"
Kaori: "No. Whatever gave you that idea?"
Yasuko: "Whoa, where'd ya get those cajones? Ya get a little sharp at your job and it goes to your big, mouthy head!"
She lays into me with a noogie.
Kaori: "Cut that out, ow-ow-ow!"
It really does hurt... Wait, did she just say I've gotten "a little sharper"
at my job, just now?!
Hatsumi: "...I'll remind you two that you're still on the job?"
Yasuko: "Whoa, heya Chief. This isn't what it looks like."
Yasuko: "I'm administering care to my darling little preceptee who's gone red-eyed over Hana. That sterben shock'll get ya."
Hatsumi: "...In that case, fine."
Nothing about this is "fine"! I give the Chief a piece of my mind...in my mind. Obviously, I don't have the courage to scold her out loud...
Kaori: "So, what will I be doing today?"
Yasuko: "Hmm... We'll talk about that later, ya hear?"
At some point we settle on going to Yamanouchi's place after work. I glance at Senpai, and catch a bitter expression on her face as she turns away.
Yasuko: "Make ya'selves at home."
Kaori: "Oh... Sure..."
It's been a while since I've been in Yamanouchi's room.
Yasuko: "Here."
She holds an envelope out to me.
Kaori: "What...is this...?"
The legend "Comic Queen,"
and the Himeyuri Editorial Department logo are emblazoned on the envelope.
Yasuko: "The short version is they asked me to debut as a manga artist under their brand. Compensated, too."
Kaori: "D-Debut?! This is huge!!"
Yamanouchi loves to draw manga. She's given years of her life to the art form. So this could be the big break she's been waiting for!!
Kaori: "Yamanouchi, this is awesome!! You're going to be a pro manga artist!!"
Yasuko: "Hmm... But I ran into one teeny-tiny problem..."
Kaori: "A problem? Your pen name?"
Yasuko: "Bingo! The heck is wrong with Moe Sukapontine!!"
What's "not"
wrong with it? ...I wish I was brave enough to actually say that to her face... And for those who are lost: "Moe Sukapontine"
is Yamanouchi's manga pen name. Taking the opportunity to change it might not be the worst idea in the world. Maybe she has some attachment to that name?
Yasuko: "Besides, if I do make a debut I'll be spending far more time drawing manga than ever... Which means I won't be able to hold down a 9-5."
Kaori: "Yeah... I guess?"
Why have we gone from talking about her pen name to her...work hours?
Yasuko: "What I'm getting at is, I won't be able to work as regular staff. Regular staff hours are full time hours. I'd have to work part-time hours."
Yasuko: "And if I quit being a regular I'll have to move out of these dorms. Don't even get me started on what a pain in the butt finding a new place will be..."
Kaori: "...Wha...?"
Move out of the dorms...? In other words, things aren't going to be the same anymore... But when all is said and done that's not going to stop Yamanouchi from drawing manga... So she's telling me this because she's already decided to accept the debut offer...? Yamanouchi steals a glance at me. What am I supposed to tell her? ...You're not going to quit being a nurse? Wow!
Kaori: "U-Um... You're not going to quit being a nurse, are you?"
Yasuko: "Huh?"
Kaori: "We'll still work together in the same ward, even if you switch to part-time, and live somewhere else, right?"
Yasuko: "..."
Yamanouchi watches me expressionlessly.
Yasuko: "...*Sigh*"
What is she...
Yasuko: "Ya think as long as yer happy it's all peachy, don't ya? And I thought ya'd be happy for me... Hmph."
Kaori: "Th-That's not what I meant...! I'm really happy that you'll be making your debut!!"
Yasuko: "Ya don't say... Well, I've gotta give them my response. Door's that way."
Yamanouchi points at the door, a cold twist on her lips.
Kaori: "U-Um..."
Yasuko: "Ah, look at the time."
Yamanouchi turns her back on me and begins riffling through some kind of file. Seems she doesn't want to interact with me at all.
Kaori: "..."
I'm happy for Yamanouchi making her debut. I really am....But we've finally become close. And I've gradually come to love her. Is it wrong of me to be upset that we might not be able to work together again?
Kaori: "W-Wow!! This is your big break!! You can't turn this offer down!!"
The truth is this debut is the last thing I want. I want her to stay mine, to work together with her from here on out, even to help her with her drafts now and then. But... I can't say it.
Yasuko: "Well... Ya know how to make a girl go bright red."
I could never tell her. Just look at how her face is lighting up.
Yasuko: "Well, you've wrangled my arm Sawai. You know, maybe I will make that debut."
Kaori: "Y-You absolutely should take my advice! I'm you're number one fan, after all!"
I shoot her a toothy grin, hiding my discomfort.           I open my eyes groggily.        A lone girl stands in a world        of nothingness.           Ah, I'm having that dream again...
???: "Should I accept their offer, or turn them down? I posed the question to myself, like I'd become Hamlet himself."
Kaori: "...What are you...?"
I blurt the words out. But the girl continues reading out loud. Apparently, my voice isn't getting through to her.
???: "But I want to try it. If I can't escape from the real world, where's the harm in looking for salvation in dreams?"
???: "I can forget the harshness of reality in a dream."
I don't have a clue what she is talking about, or trying to communicate.
====================scr01003.kgo====================
_RE
Kaori: "U-Um, Yamanouchi..."
Yasuko: "If you have a question ask someone else. I'm busy."
Urgh, I can't find an in.
Kaori: "Sure. Sorry......"
I slump down, notepad in one hand.
Nagisa: "...Hey, did something happen with you guys?"
Senpai peers over a medical record, looking worried about us....But...I have no idea what to tell her... Yamanouchi's not one to hold a grudge. But I seem to have changed that... Did my resistance to her making a debut upset her that much? Should I have hidden my feelings and celebrated with her?
Nagisa: "..."
A tissue box is set down in front of me. I pluck a tissue and place it against my cheek, realizing for the first time that I've been crying.
Kaori: "Th-Thank you..."
Nagisa: "Don't beat yourself up too much over it, okay?"
I follow Senpai's gaze, and catch a glimpse of Yamanouchi. She's having a serious talk with the Chief about something. She doesn't so much as glance in this direction.
Kaori: "..."
I'm jealous of the Chief. I love Yamanouchi. I've uncovered some of Yamanouchi's mysteries by working under her, and spending time with her off the clock. And there's so much more I want to know....And I want her to know the real me, too.
Kaori: "..."
The Chief glances this way, picking up on my gaze.
Hatsumi: "..."
It's not the Chief's pitying gaze I want, but Yamanouchi's. I don't care if she looks at me with contempt, or hatred. I just want her to look at me!!
Yasuko: "Sawai, if ya got time to stand around slack-jawed, ya got time to make a round."
She doesn't turn to speak to me face-to-face....Does just looking at me sicken her?
Kaori: "...Sure..."
Hatsumi: "Sawai, you should freshen up before you step out of the nurses station."
I thank the Chief for her advice. Yamanouchi sticks around, still talking to the Chief about something....I would kill to be the Chief right now... The moment the night nurses finish their reports Yamanouchi disappears from the ward without a trace. I know that's business as usual, but it feels like she's withholding even the possibility of a conversation from me.
Hatsumi: "Sawai, have you done your records?"
Kaori: "I've processed everything until 3pm, but late afternoon reports are..."
Hatsumi: "So you've done most of them. How many are unfinished? Did you note the patients down?"
Kaori: "Three left... I noted down who. I can't write their records otherwise..."
Hatsumi: "Show me."
Kaori: "Whauh?"
I pass the notes of the three unreported patients to the Chief. What on earth is she thinking?
Hatsumi: "...Hmm... This will be enough. Sawai, you can go home."
Kaori: "B-But the records aren't--!!"
Hatsumi: "I'll use your notes to fill them in. All you have to do is check and countersign them tomorrow."
Yasuko: "...Yeah? What do ya want?"
I'd taken the Chief up on her offer to leave early and made straight for Yamanouchi's room. Yamanouchi'd opened the door when I knocked and let me into the room after. But then...
Kaori: "...I...I came here to...tell you something..."
Yasuko: "Well I don't wanna hear it."
At this rate we'll get nowhere. I ball up my fists and stand my ground.
Kaori: "I...love you!!"
I gnash my teeth after getting the words out. I have to, to keep my body propped up on its shaking legs.
Yasuko: "...Ya dummy."
That's all she says. I hesitantly look up. Her cold glare is now brimming with warmth that is part appalled and part awkward. My eyes cloud up. I've missed being looked at fondly by her so much.
Kaori: "...Maybe I am a dummy to fall in love with an ice queen."
Yasuko: "Maybe? Who's the honest dummy, now? What in the heck have ya found to love about me?"
Yamanouchi is right in front of my eyes. Smiling at me. I rattle off what I love about her on a tide of glee.
Kaori: "You have your patients' best interests at heart, even when you're goofing around. And you take your manga seriously, too."
Kaori: "You put on a detached front, but deep down you have everyone in the ward on your mind, including me."
Kaori: "You make a song and dance of goofing around, but under it all you're serious to the core. I find that part of you irresistible!"
Yasuko: "Sawai, you want to know what I hate?"
Kaori: "...Wh-What?"
Yasuko: "I hate folks who don't know diddly-squat about me talking like they know me through and through. It makes me sick!"
I can almost hear the sound of my heart being sliced in two. But that won't stop me!! I'm used people telling me they hate me!! The tongue-lashing Miss Sakai gives me would make most people's ears bleed -- it's no skin off my nose at this point if Yamanouchi takes a jab!!
Kaori: "I don't care if you hate me! I just wanted you to know that I love you! That's all!"
Yasuko: "...Sawai..."
Yamanouchi flaps her gums before settling on a giggle.
Yasuko: "...Love, huh? Yer honest to a fault, ain't ya?"
Yasuko: "Yer just torn up about folks you've been working with moving away, is all. That's ain't love. You're just been swept up by your emotions."
Kaori: "Now who's talking like they know everything! Fine! I was swept up in my emotions for a moment, but that doesn't change my love for you!"
I desperately cling to each word, hoping to convince myself as much as her.
Yasuko: "...I bet the moment I let myself fall for ya, yer heart will find someone else..."
Kaori: "I'd never--!"
Yamanouchi guffaws under her breath before I can finish. Her chilling grin freezes my lips.
Yasuko: "...Folks change. Things only last forever in dreams and fairytales, ya hear?"
A deep-seated darkness broods behind Yamanouchi's arctic grimace.
???: "My dad was weak-willed. Threw himself into gambling and alcohol. He got himself neck-deep in debt, and up and died in a pool of his own blood."
Oh, I'm having this dream again...
???: "My mom was stupid enough to marry a guy like my dad. Let herself depend on him, telling herself she was supporting him. She made that her life's work."
Hold on... Isn't this dream a little too lucid?
???: "Mom didn't just shoulder Dad's debt, she acted as a guarantor for our relatives, too. Blindly believing the best in people."
???: "My big sister took the chance to leave home when she graduated. I hated her for it for a while, but I know now she made the right choice."
???: "Mom was a hopeless fool, but she must have had her reasons. One cold winter morning we found her at the local park, hanging from the neck."
Kaori: "!!"
The story paints a vivid picture. I'm not sure if I should keep listening...
???: "When mom committed suicide I felt that things would finally settle down."
???: "Then every relative that had ignored us crawled out of the woodwork to vacuum up every last crumb of life insurance."
Kaori: "...That's horrible..."
???: "It was a relief. Nothing left to cling on to. It was reassuring finally knowing for sure that blood isn't thicker than water."
???: "That the only person you can trust is yourself... No one else!!"
I jump out of bed with gasp.
Kaori: "...*Pant*...*pant*...!!"
Sweat lines my chest. It runs down my forehead, off of my chin, onto the sheets below. I don't want to hear anymore of what she has to say. I'm too scared to hear the rest....But still...
Kaori: "Who is...she? And what was she doing in my dreams...?"
====================scr01004.kgo====================
_RE
Kaori: "Good morn--!!"
I try to finish, but can't. The sight of Yamanouchi and the Chief glaring daggers at each other in the nurses station break room silences me. Senpai sneaks towards me warily. Her bag is still on her shoulder, meaning she's as reluctant to go into the break room as I am. The part-timers and temps stand around with their bags, exchanging uneasy glances. Meanwhile, the night shift nurses lethargically watch the deadlocked pair.
Kaori: "Wh-What's gotten into them...? They look ready to kill at the drop of a hat."
Nagisa: "They're split on Mr. Ryukaku's terminal care..."
Yasuko: "Gramps is saying himself he wants to go naturally, without the intubation! He even signed off on it. Ain't that good enough?!"
Hatsumi: "His family is strongly in favor of prolonging his life! Doctors must respect the patient's family's wishes! As a nurse, you should know that!"
Yasuko: "I stuck to freelancing because I wanted to look out for my patients, not be a cog in some machine!"
Yasuko: "We had a deal that I'd join Yurigahama under the condition that I worked for my patients, didn't we?! Ya going back on yer word, now?"
Hatsumi: "..."
Yasuko: "Hatsumi, ya said yerself ya wanted to work for the patients! Yer telling me that was a mess of lies?!"
Hatsumi: "I meant it. It's just that..."
Yasuko: "...Yer telling me I've been had? That ya see patients as walking wallets?"
Hatsumi: "No! My feelings haven't changed! But in this case the financial reality makes granting the patient's wishes unfeasible!!"
Yasuko: "Hmph. So ya mean every time some loaded old folk roll into the hospital, it's gonna be the same thing? Gimme a break."
Yamanouchi cuts the Chief's position down in one fell swoop.
Yasuko: "But hey, let's not take my word for it. Let's ask what everyone else thinks. Fujisawa, you first."
Yamanouchi turns around and points blindly in my general direction, but by sheer accident, at Senpai specifically. Senpai titters.
Nagisa: "H-His family has a position on this... And when you factor in post-treatment risk the intubation...might be safer."
This time Yamanouchi's gaze pins a timid part-timer.
Nurse A: "That makes sense... A lawsuit's the last thing we want on our hands..."
Nurse B: "But we have a Do Not Resuscitate in writing. Isn't it best to keep the goalposts where they are?"
Several nurses and assistants chime in favor.
Yasuko: "...And you, Sawai?"
All eyes center on me. I think Senpai may have a point......Poor Mr. Ryukaku...
Kaori: "Well... I think Senpai may have a point. The hospital doesn't stand to benefit from additional complications."
Yasuko: "Yeah, yer right, who cares what the dead think! Can't sue the hospital when yer on the other side!"
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi! That's not something a nurse should ever say!"
Yasuko: "Do I look like I care?! I don't need the opinion of a nurse who can't put herself in a patient's shoes!"
Yamanouchi spits the words out disgustedly, before striding off furiously.
Hatsumi: "......*Sigh*"
Kaori: "...I feel sorry for Mr. Ryukaku."
Yasuko: "That's not an opinion."
Kaori: "I know, it's just... I don't know how to explain it but, if Mr. Ryukaku was conscious I'm sure he'd be up in arms the moment you tried an intubation."
Nagisa: "S-Sawai, this isn't the time or place...!"
Kaori: "S-Sorry."
Hatsumi: "......"
With the Chief lost in thought, and Yamanouchi rigidly refusing to make eye contact, an oppressive mood settles thickly over the nurses station. In the end Mr. Ryukaku is connected to an artificial respirator by intubation.
Kaori: "...Mr. Ryukaku. Time for a wipe down!"
I press a hot towel against Mr. Ryukaku's chest, which falls and rises to the tempo of the respirator....There's no response from him. If Mr. Ryukaku was conscious he would have told me how great a hot towel on cold skin feels.
Kaori: "...Did we really do the right thing?"
I know that Mr. Ryukaku had expressed that if death should come knocking he'd follow.
???: "...Your reunion with Grammy's been postponed, eh Gramps? All thanks to your knuckleheaded kids."
I turn to see Yamanouchi standing there.
Yasuko: "Ya make a record of your wishes, hoping that the medical professionals will grant them when time comes to. But it falls on deaf ears. Happens all the time in medicine."
Yasuko: "Living folks watching from the sidelines, or crooks after a dime will twist and the situation however it suits them."
Kaori: "...But... This is his son and daughter? They must be grateful to him for raising them, even if he had to do it alone."
Kaori: "They must have wanted him to live, even if this is the life he'll lead."
Yamanouchi giggles tiredly.
Yasuko: "You're too pure for this world, Sawai. Really gets my goose."
Kaori: "...I'll see you tomorrow."
There's no loose ends to tie up today so I leave without doing overtime. The same scene as always. Patients come and ago through the same hospital ward. It's so familiar that you could almost forget that in one corner of this ward an old man is being kept alive against his will. The thrum of my phone in my bag alerting me that I've got mail snaps me back into reality.
Yasuko: "If you really love me come to my place after work."
Yasuko: "...Yer here. So I guess you did mean it?"
Kaori: "Yes, I do. I don't want to hurt the people I love."
Yasuko: "Is that right?"
A cynical smile sits on Yamanouchi's face. So she still doesn't believe me.
Kaori: "What can I do to get you to believe me?"
Yasuko: "Let's see..."
Yamanouchi sits on her desk, flaunting a masochistic smile. She casually raises one of her legs at me.
Yasuko: "How about you get on ya knees and kiss my feet for me?"
I can't. I'll do it. I don't care about my pride. I want her to know that I'm serious about her. I immediately drop onto my knees, cup her foot in my hands, and gently press my lips to it.
Kaori: "......"
When I glance up, I find Yamanouchi staring down at me in shock.
Yasuko: "...I didn't think ya'd actually go and do it..."
Kaori: "I told you I meant it! And I'll prove it if I have to!"
Yamanouchi chuckles.
Yasuko: "...Now that, is what I call an honest-to-goodness dummy."
Yamanouchi looks on the verge of tears as she swears me in to her good graces. I want to tell her she doesn't have to cry anymore. But the situation isn't right, so I do the only thing I can: I hold her tightly in my arms. I'm overjoyed that doesn't push me away. In the confusion that follows we somehow end up drinking. Yamanouchi drunkenly relates her painfully sordid family history to me.
Yasuko: "My pa kicked the bucket when I was in middle school. Went out like the alcohol-dependant gambling-addicted trash he was."
Yasuko: "Ma should've left him to drown in his own blood. Instead, she called an ambulance, and racked up a medical bill for life-prolonging treatment on top of the debt she already had."
Yasuko: "He made us suffer while he was alive, and after he kicked it, too. He was trash beyond saving."
Yasuko: "Money was tight as it was when I was in high school, and then Ma got tricked out of her last pennies by our relatives. The debt piled up higher! She was too naive for her own good."
Yasuko: "The debt collectors had the sense not to turn up at my high school. But they'd harass my big sister, who was working an office job back then."
Yasuko: "One day she left a note for us and just up and vanished."
Yasuko: "I got fed up with Ma and landed a job at a nursing school with a dormitory lickity-split. Ma got conned again while I was working there."
Yasuko: "The debtors turning up on the hospital doorstep must have been the last straw for Ma cos she went and hung herself after that."
Yasuko: "Wonder if she actually felt responsible for ruining her daughters' lives... Too little, too late even if she did."
Yasuko: "I tracked down my sister, but she didn't turn up to the funeral."
Yasuko: "Can you blame her? Ma and Pa darn near ruined her life for her. She said herself that even hearing their names pissed her off."
Yasuko: "But Ma, Pa, even my big sister taught me one valuable thing: Don't trust nobody. You'll only get stabbed in the back."
Yamanouchi lets out a drawling sigh.
Yasuko: "Now you know the kind of woman ya in love with. So, ya turned off yet?"
Yasuko: "I was over the moon when Pa died, and straight up relieved when Ma hung herself after toiling away for years... Despicable, right?"
I want to tell her to stop doing this to herself. But what I say instead is...
Kaori: "...I don't find you despicable, at all."
Kaori: "You're able to put yourself in your patient's shoes because you've seen people's fragility, and felt their sorrow up close."
Yamanouchi sighs heavily.
Yasuko: "...You know how to sugarcoat things."
Kaori: "I'm not sugarcoating anything! I really mean it!!"
Yasuko: "Uh-huh. Sure, fine... That door's over there, by the way."
Kaori: "........."
Nothing I say is sticking. I decide to quietly leave. That's all I can do for today. She told me about her past. Does that mean she's opened up her heart to me a little?           I am having that dream again.        A girl is reciting what sounds like a novel        into the void.        The girl stops reciting,        and lets out a sighing breath.
???: "...If anyone... Just one person... If just one person had reached out to me then..."
Why do this girl's words make my heart ache? I stretch a hand out towards the girl. This girl has to be--!
Kaori: "Ya...Yamanouchi...!"
The girl looks at me. Her eyes are vacant. She vanishes in the moment before I reach her.
====================scr01005.kgo====================
It's been three days since Yamanouchi opened up to me about her past. The number of times I have talked to Yamanouchi personally since then has hit rock bottom. Yamanouchi is in the ward when I arrive today, getting ready to end her night shift.
Hatsumi: "Everyone's present. We'll begin reports. Night nurses, take it away."
Yasuko: "Ya gotcha. Taking away: Today Mr. Ryukaku in room 312 went to see his beloved Grammy this morning."
Sound is momentarily siphoned out of the nurses station.
Nagisa: "Oh... Mr. Ryukaku's..."
Yasuko: "Sooo, ten Stretchers, six Escorts, eight Walkers. One check out during the night, bringing us to six Empties, for a total of 30."
Everyone is rooted to the spot, unable to return to regular duties after their reports have been done.
Nagisa: "He couldn't hold on, even with the artificial respirator..."
Hatsumi: "We can't say for sure until we run an autopsy, but it was likely multiple organ failure. His body must have already been at its limits."
While us day shifters stand around dejectedly, Yamanouchi stretches nonchalantly.
Yasuko: "Shucks, and I had soft spot for old Gramps. Glad I could see him off."
She flashes a smile. The Chief looks at Yamanouchi, worried....I bet Mr. Ryukaku would have been happy, too, knowing Yamanouchi was the one who saw him off. I go to Miss Sakai's room to conduct the usual bottle exchange, but she's down in the dumps.
Sayuri: "...It ended so quickly."
I don't have to ask who or what she is talking about.
Kaori: "Yeah... Even an artificial respirator can't keep things going for long."
Sayuri: "Medicine isn't a magic bullet, huh..."
Thinking about Mr. Ryukaku is painful. I seriously want to cry. But I can't cry in front of Miss Sakai -- in front of a patient. So I hold the tears back. I'm sure Miss Sakai is more rattled by this than I am. And I'm sure that if I cry I'll put Miss Sakai at greater unease.
Sayuri: "...Is that going to happen to me, too? Am I going to fizzle out strapped to an artificial respirator?"
Kaori: "You'll be fine! You're still young, and full of vitality! Mr. Ryukaku just...ran his lifespan."
Life ends. No amount of human effort or medical advancement will change that.
Sayuri: "...Lifespan, huh..."
Kaori: "You have things you want to do. All sorts of dreams and stuff, right?"
Sayuri: "Dreams...?"
Kaori: "You wanted to become a pediatric nurse, right?"
Sayuri: "...Yeah, sounds like something I said."
Miss Sakai smiles indifferently. The smile's abruptly transitions into a sad grimace.
Sayuri: "I...do, but... Right now I just want to avoid being hurt... I guess..."
Miss Sakai is being uncharacteristically frank. Her true feelings must be showing through. Something Yamanouchi said comes to mind.
Yasuko: "Gramps is saying himself he wants to go naturally, without the intubation! He even signed off on it. Ain't that good enough?!"
Kaori: "Mr. Ryukaku's last wish...was to pass away painlessly... We...took that from him..."
I've been telling myself not to cry. But the rush of tears can't be held back any longer.
Kaori: "S-Sorry... I didn't want to...cry in front of...you."
Sayuri: "Please. Like I'd...be affected by you...tearing up..."
Now Miss Sakai is crying, too. We cry for a while. Then, Miss Sakai breaks the silence.
Sayuri: "...Mr. Ryukaku cared for his son and daughter, didn't he?"
Sayuri: "I think he would have happily accepted the intubation as inevitable."
Miss Sakai's consolation extracts a smile from me.
Kaori: "You're...being nice to me...?"
Sayuri: "Just for today. I'm not evil enough to push someone grieving over good old Gramps."
Miss Sakai haughtily turns away with an expertly-honed scowling smile. She brushes away the tears with a hand. After the day nurses report in to night nurses, I write up all my outstanding records. That's everything done for today. The way Yamanouchi gave Mr. Ryukaku's sterben report with a gleaming smile has been weighing steadily heavier on my mind since this morning. Is Mr. Ryukaku's death simply something Yamanouchi can shrug off with a smile? Or did she force herself to bottle up her feelings for the departed, and act as if everything was normal out of her sense of duty as a nurse? ...It won't stop bugging me. But wouldn't going to Yamanouchi's place be taken as a sign of worry? Wouldn't that be taken as a lack of trust in her? But then what should I... Don't go to her place. Go to her place. If she can wrangle a smile like that then she must be fine! She doesn't need me! No way!!
Nagisa: "...Shame about Mr. Ryukaku."
Kaori: "...Tell me about it..."
Thinking about Mr. Ryukaku still makes me want to cry. Will this feeling dull with time...?
Nagisa: "I heard that Yamanouchi was bawling her eyes out in the nurses station until the Chief clocked in."
Kaori: "Wha..."
I feel a chill run down my spine.
Nagisa: "Yet when it came time to do reports she's business as usual. She should be in line for an Oscar!!"
Kaori: "!!"
She's not fine at all!!
Nagisa: "S-Sawai?!"
I hear Senpai's voice echo somewhere in the background. Sorry Senpai, but...I have to hurry!! No, something's off! It's not like Yamanouchi to sport a happy-go-lucky smile like that! She could be crying right now, alone. I might not be able to console her, but I have to be there for her!!
Yasuko: "What now? Geez... Can't a lady get some shut-eye after work?"
Yamanouchi yawns like a bear.
Kaori: "I heard you were crying until the Chief clocked in!"
Kaori: "Why would you fake a smile when you're in so much pain on the inside?!"
Kaori: "You're not being real with me! Inside you're hurting like hell at losing Mr. Ryukaku!!"
Yamanouchi glares down at me, her stare sharp enough to cut.
Yasuko: "...Like you'd understand."
Kaori: "I do understand! I've been watching you the whole time...!"
I gingerly close the distance between us.
Kaori: "For example, I know weren't getting any ‘shut-eye.' You couldn’t sleep, right?"
I reach out to Yamanouchi. She doesn't resist. I halteringly wrap my arms around her. Yamanouchi doesn't move a hair. I bring my lips closer.
Kaori: "...Ou--!!"
Just as our lips touch I am torn away by my hair.
Yasuko: "Don't go getting funny ideas, ya brat."
Kaori: "Yamanouchi... You don't have to put on a brave face. You don't need to..."
Watching her stretch herself thin stings far worse than the shock of rejection. If I could cry for her I would...
Yasuko: "Don't go bawling ya eyes out like that..."
She brushes the tears streaming down my cheek with a tender kiss. I recoil, pushing her away on reflex.
Kaori: "I don't get you! Are you accepting me?! Or rejecting me?!"
Yasuko: "Hell if I know. Work that one out for yerself!!"
Kaori: "You're the one whose supposed to work that out! You always push the responsibility onto me!"
Kaori: "Whether you accept or reject me is your decision, isn't it?! What's left for me to work out?!"
Yasuko: "Why do I have to fret on your account?! Come to your own conclusions!!"
We shout at each other, fully swept up in the flow of our emotions.
Kaori: "If things were the way I wanted we'd be deeply, madly in love!! Can you handle that kind of crazy?!"
The words coming out of my mouth are gradually making less and less sense.
Yasuko: "I'd consider it if you helped me with my draft!! But every time I ask you whine about it!"
Kaori: "If you were deeply, madly in love with me I wouldn't have anything to whine about!!"
What's going on? Are we having "fun"
slinging our raw emotions at each other...?
Yasuko: "If you aren't whining you'll be neighing like a horse!"
Kaori: "Don't confuse me with Senpai!!"
Yasuko: "Why you...! Ya got lot of nerve selling out your respected Senpai like that!!"
Kaori: "You're the one who calls her Horseysawa!!"
Yasuko: "Sawai, you snot-nosed brat!!"
Kaori: "If I'm a snot-nosed brat then you're a poser!!"
Yasuko: "........."
Surprisingly, Yamanouchi goes quiet.
Kaori: "........."
I follow her lead into silence. We both look at each other.
Yasuko: "Eww! Man, that's the last time I come out straight about my feelings! Don't suit me no way, no how!"
Yamanouchi cackles at the idea.
Kaori: "Huh? What's strange with that? I'd adore the REAL you!!"
Yasuko: "Yuck, phooey! That might work for a cute girl like you, but me?! No way, no how!!"
Yamanouchi erupts into eerie, rapturous laughter. The tear sliding off of her face among the laughter doesn't escape my notice.
Kaori: "Y-Yamanouchi...? Did I...cross a line...?"
Yasuko: "Naw, it's fine. It's true; I am poser."
Yamanouchi's look suddenly changes to one of nostalgic reminiscence.
Yasuko: "Back when Gramps was alive he'd tell me ‘you aren't honest enough with yourself’... I finally get what he meant, now."
Kaori: "Huh?"
More must have happened between Yamanouchi and Mr. Ryukaku than I realized... Back when Mr. Ryukaku was still with us.
Yasuko: "I've made a decision!!"
Kaori: "Whau?!"
Yasuko: "I'll continue being a nurse! And I'll take up that pro debut offer and draw manga to boot!!"
Yamanouchi wipes her tears away to make a her grand proclamation. Wouldn't continuing being a nurse AND drawing manga mean leading the same life she has until now? On second thought, "something"
may have changed inside Yamanouchi for her to make a brazen proclamation like that. For Yamanouchi, her life before and after this point may be fundamentally different.
Kaori: "O...kay... How?"
Yasuko: "That's classified!!"
Kaori: "......"
Urgh, if you're going to keep the details a secret, keep the plan a secret, too! It's going to bug me like crazy, now!!
====================scr01011.kgo====================
Hatsumi: "Is everyone here?"
Reports are about to start as usual. The Chief looks around at the assembled staff. Yamanouchi brings things to a standstill by requesting a moment.
Hatsumi: "What's on your mind, Yamanouchi? Keep it short, as we have reports to make."
The Chief reluctantly consents. Yamanouchi glances in my direction and flashes a smile. Urgh, that smile gives me a really bad feeling...!!
Yasuko: "Urm, *cough*. Thank you for giving me the time to speak. I, Yasuko Yamanouchi, have an announcement to make."
Yamanouchi grabs my hand and drags me out in front, leading me by the shoulder.
Yasuko: "From today onward, as Kaori Sawai's senior in work and life, I will be her life's guide, her other half!!"
Kaori: "Whau?!"
Nagisa: "Whaaaa--?!"
My mind freezes, overwhelmed. D-Did she just call me her "other half"?! She did, right?!
Yasuko: "I thought I'd be real with my feelings. Just like how ya are."
Her determined gaze pierces my soul.
Kaori: "Y-Yamanouchi..."
Nagisa: "W-Wait! What's going on?!"
Yasuko: "Nothing odd. It's just like I said."
Nagisa: "‘Nothing odd'...?! Seriously, what's going on!? Weren’t you two fighting?!"
Yasuko: "What's wrong, Fujisawa? Yer ears ringing? Me and Sawai here are merrily entangled."
Hatsumi: "...Yamanouchi, even I know no one says that anymore..."
Nagisa: "N-No way..."
Senpai is stood stock still. The other nurses and nursing assistants are watching us, beaming. I tug tensely on Yamanouchi's cardigan sleeve.
Yasuko: "What's up, Sawai?"
Kaori: "I'd appreciate it if you'd said those kinds of things when we're alone..."
If there were two Yamanouchis one of them would be wolf-whistling at this scene. Fortunately, Yamanouchi's the only one here likely to tease me. Instead, we have...
Hatsumi: "...Good for you. Can we get on with reports, I wonder?"
...the Chief, looking exasperated at us. Word of Yamanouchi's marriage-proposal-esque announcement spreads through the ward.
Sayuri: "Are you two morons?"
Urgh, I got called a moron...!
Ami: "Having someone come out as your ‘other half’ in the sanctity of your work place! So dreamy!"
Yasuko: "Let's get some champagne in here!"
Sayuri: "...Champagne? I don't think that's something you should urge a patient, and especially a minor, to do."
Yasuko: "Heheh, sweet naivety."
Sayuri: "Wh-What?!"
Yasuko: "Nurses have better things to celebrate than patients recovering and walking out of here on their own two feet."
Yasuko: "For a nursing student yer pretty dense, aren't ya?"
Sayuri: "Grr!!"
Yasuko: "Ya got a long way to go before ya can stand toe-to-toe with me! Hurry up, get better, and become a real nurse already, will ya!"
Sayuri: "L-Like I need you to tell me. I'll be on my feet and on your tail in no time!! I'll take the treatment! You'll see!!"
Miss Sakai rises to Yamanouchi's challenge, making a bold promise in the bargain.
Kaori: "Erm...Miss Sakai? By treatment you mean...?"
Sayuri: "Staying on conservative treatment is a dead-end. I can't yank myself back from the brink unless I go nuclear!"
Yasuko: "Well how about that? Ya gonna take the immunosuppressant treatment, then?"
Sayuri: "Didn't you listen to a thing I said?! Getting hard of hearing in your old age, Miss Yamanouchi?!"
N-No way! Did she really just take a swing at Yamanouchi...!! I chance a look at Yamanouchi and see she's...in high spirits and donning the cheesiest grin.
Yasuko: "Yeah, that's what I want to hear. Y'know, you're all right, princess."
What the...? Yamanouchi just had a jab taken at her age and she's...smiling...?
Sayuri: "I'm going to undergo treatment, go back to nursing school, become a nurse, land a job at this hospital, and then I'm going to pester you professionally!!"
Miss Sakai, bright red, flicks her gaze away. Did Yamanouchi's praise embarrass her? Yamanouchi is gleefully reveling in Miss Sakai's snobby return to form. Meanwhile, Ami and I look at each other and exchange covert smiles. Ever since making her announcement Yamanouchi has taken to calling me "Kaori"...
Yasuko: "Heya Kaori. Can you go ask if Mr. Gorin's kidney stones are out?"
Nagisa: "......"
...So I steel myself to call Yamanouchi by name, too.
Kaori: "Sure, Yasuko!"
Yasuko: "Don't ever call me by that name!"
Kaori: "Eergh?!"
Yamanouchi hurls the stack of documents she has at hand.
Yasuko: "The next time ya try calling me that it'll rain blood in the nurses station!"
Senpai attempts to cheerfully soothe over Yamanouchi's prickly attitude.
Nagisa: "Do you hate the name ‘Yasuko,’ Yamanouchi?"
Yasuko: "It's the name of one of my Dad's ex's. Can't make this stuff up! I seriously considered changing name because of it!!"
Kaori: "Oooh......"
Definitely best for the both of us that I don't call her that again... Senpai has the wind knocked out of her sails by Yamanouchi's heavy revelation.
Nagisa: "...Yamanouchi has mysteries lurking in the quirkiest of places. What do you think we should call her?"
Kaori: "Maybe ‘Yacchon?’ Something along the lines of what Ami calls her?"
Nagisa: "Nah... It doesn't quite click."
Yasuko: "Names are all for show. Bigshots would do well to remember, I reckon."
Kaori: "...Come again?"
Yasuko: "Say, why's Horseysawa part of our lover's spat? Ya ask me, that's the real mystery."
Nagisa: "I...I...I was just doing my part as Sawai's Senpai to keep her from stepping off the righteous path..."
Hatsumi: "Honestly, does it matter whether we call her Yama, or Yacchon, or even Yamachi for that matter? Get back to work, now!!"
The Chief's thunderous roar sends us scattering from the nurses station.
Yasuko: "Kaori!"
I stop at hearing my name.
Yasuko: "We'll continue this at my place...ya hear?"
Kaori: "Ah... Urgn!"
The kiss that accompanies the whispering at my ear takes me by surprise. I yelp out incomprehensibly.
Nagisa: "Grrr... I don't approve of this! I won't, you hear me!!"
====================scr01012.kgo====================
In the end we went to Yamanouchi's place to lounge around, her nickname still undecided.
Yasuko: "Lookit."
A sketchbook is put under my nose as I sip on my iced cocoa.
Kaori: "What's this...?"
Yamanouchi is looking away, her mouth hidden behind her mug. Her ears are crimson.
Kaori: "Y-You didn't--?!"
Every one of the sketchbook's pages are filled with a gamut of my facial expressions. Many of them are chibi-style artwork, but others could pass for photos.
Kaori: "A-Are you stalking me?!"
Yasuko: "Ya dummy!! If ya got nothing nice to say keep yer mouth shut!!"
Yamanouchi swats me over the head. Then, she plucks the sketchbook up and hunkers down next to me.
Yasuko: "Truth is I knew about your feelings for me. I knew you wouldn't betray me, either. I was just scared to let you in."
Yasuko: "But...I'm over that now. I decided not to lie to myself anymore."
Kaori: "Yamanouchi..."
The tenderness of her hand gliding through my hair is startling.
Yasuko: "...Can I...kiss you?"
Kaori: "Yes, please...!"
Yasuko: "...Ya dummy. You're being awfully clingy."
Kaori: "...Hn... Is that...it?"
Yasuko: "Course it ain't. Can I?"
Kaori: "Sure... We're lovers so you can touch me freely."
Yasuko: "Ya sure know how to tell a lady what she wants to hear."
We lock lips, firmly. When I come to, my fingers are sprawled on the floor, brushing against a chunk of paper.
Kaori: "Is...this...?"
Yasuko: "Ya betcha. It'll be the draft for my pro debut, once I get my name cleared."
Kaori: "Whoa."
I turn the draft over. I know the pen name Yamanouchi writes under. But what I see there is almost unfamiliar.
Kaori: "Um... Where did ‘Moe Sawanouchi’ come from?"
Yasuko: "They wouldn't let Moe Sukapontine, so I changed my name."
...Still, did she have to go with "Moe Sawanouchi"? Boy, this is embarrassing...
Yasuko: "Don't fret. I secured a pen name for you, too. You'll be credited as my assistant!"
Kaori: "Wha--!? For me?!"
Yasuko: "Your pen name is ‘Bakaori’!!"
Kaori: "Hey!! I hate that!!"
Yasuko: "Why you! You think because you're my lover you can turn down the pen name I forced on you whenever it suits you!?"
Kaori: "Rejected!! You don't get my feelings at all y...you Moe!!"
Yasuko: "......"
Yamanouchi is actually gobsmacked.
Kaori: "U-Um, Yamanouchi? Did turning down the name hit you that hard?"
Yasuko: "I-It's not that! C...Call me like ya just did again."
Like I just d--Ah!!
Kaori: "Moe...?"
Yasuko: "A-Again... Again..."
...Wow, she's so far gone in some ways that I can't help her...
Kaori: "Moe. You'll drop Bakaori, won't you, Moe? Pretty please?"
I try to say it all cutesy to match the heart at the end of the name.
Yasuko: "F-Fine. Then how about ‘Kaori Yamai’? There, happy?"
Kaori: "Sure, let's go with that!"
I gulp down my iced cocoa and shoot her a smile. Yamanouchi... I mean, "Moe"
stares up at the ceiling, basking in the moment.
Yasuko: "Dang it... It's OP..."
Kaori: "What do you mean?"
Yasuko: "Stick to calling me Yamanouchi when in the ward. You start calling me ‘Moe’ and I might cross-eyed."
The traces of a smile sneak onto my face. I'm repeatedly astonished by how multifaceted she is. She survived a cruel past, professionally she rose to be a skilled, beautiful ward nurse, and privately she's open with her kinks to a fault. How couldn't you love her?
Kaori: "But hey, won't you get used to it after a while?"
Yasuko: "Gonna be raining blood in the ward until I do, though. I just imagined the Chief calling me Moe...!!"
I poutily pinch her.
Yasuko: "Ow-ow! What's this, Kaori? We getting jealous?"
Kaori: "Affairs are out of the question! Only I get to call you ‘Moe'!! Don’t let other people exercise that privilege!!"
Moe smiles at me with knowing ease. A smile for my eyes only.
Yasuko: "Yeah, only you."
Her face draws closer to mine. Just as our lips meet the image of the girl in my dream winking out of existence replays in one corner of my mind. I won't dream about that girl again. I'm here to support Moe when she's suffering, now...
Kaori: "........."
Her feelings are communicated through the kiss, along with the sweet yet faintly bitter taste of cocoa.
====================scr01021.kgo====================
The same old work day. The same old handing off of reports to the night nurses. I think I delivered today's reports relatively smoothly....Yeah, I suppose I'm firmly on the path to developing as a nurse, one step at a time...
Yasuko: "Hey y'all. Sorry to hold y'all back right after reports are done. Listen close!"
Yamanouchi launches into a loud announcement. All eyes turn to her, curious.
Yasuko: "I want to thank y'all for everything until now!"
Nurse A: "Wha--?!"
Nurse B: "Yamanouchi, what do mean?!"
The part-timers and dispatch staff on my shift voice what I'm too stunned to. The Chief is the only with a tranquil expression and calm tongue. She's probably already been given this talk.
Yasuko: "I've been cooped up in once place for too long. Suits me best to wander here and there. And I have my own reasons besides, ya know?"
Nagisa: "Wait... You mean you're leaving?!"
Yasuko: "Bingo. My name's not on the next shift schedule, so I figured I'd just say hey... See y'all around."
Yamanouchi waves casually and glides out of the nurses station. I hurriedly give chase.
Kaori: "Please, wait!"
Kaori: "Yamanouchi, wait!!"
Kaori: "Wait, please!!"
Yasuko: "What's up Sawai? I've already said my goodbyes."
Kaori: "Why are you quitting? Do you hate me?!"
Yasuko: "It's like I just said. Besides, drawing manga AND working fulltime in a joint like this is impossible."
Yamanouchi turns aside.
Yasuko: "...It's...none of your business."
It's heart-wrenching seeing her racked with pain......! 
Kaori: "I'll do anything! I'll study to be a better nurse! I'll pull double-duty to be your assistant!!"
Kaori: "Just...don't tell me you're quitting. Please!!"
The tears I tried to hold back come flooding out.
Yasuko: "*Sigh* I've gone and made ya cry, ain't I?"
She pats me on the head. Her touch soft. It's scant consolation....The only consolation I need is for her to tell me she's not going to quit.
Yasuko: "You're a real dummy, crying on account of little ol' me."
Kaori: "Of course I am... Because you said you're quitting... Quitting...!!"
Yasuko: "Getting wrapped up with me in the first place is what makes ya a dummy..."
Kaori: "Yamanouchi... Don't leave...! Please, don't leave...!!"
I fight through the hiccups to communicate that, at the very least.
Yasuko: "That's not a wish I can entertain."
Kaori: "Why?!"
Yamanouchi momentarily purses her lips for explanation, before eventually settling on a somber smile.
Kaori: "Why aren't you saying anything?!"
Yasuko: "Anything that comes out of a quitter's mouth amounts to an excuse, is why."
Kaori: "Yamanouchi...!!"
My fingers dug into Yamanouchi's cardigan are plied off one by one.
Yasuko: "Don't go falling for another half-assed person like me, ya hear?"
She leans in with a bitter smile, and kisses my forehead. And then she turns around, and leaves. Strength deserts me. I crumple on the spot. I...I couldn't enter her heart. She wouldn't let me. The woman I love has left me alone and untrusted.
====================scr01031.kgo====================
Yasuko: "I can't let myself trust ya, after all."
How many days have passed since? When all was said and done Yamanouchi decided to stay at Yurigahama Hospital. But I'm terrified...that one day she'll have a change of heart, and just vanish...
Yasuko: "Sawai, go check 302's vitals."
Kaori: "Sure, Yamanouchi."
Yasuko: "And Sawai? Once you're done with let's grab some essen."
Kaori: "Understood. I'll join you as soon as I'm done checking vitals."
I check the vitals of the patients in room 302s Yamanouchi and I make for lunch when the Chief and Senpai confront us.
Hatsumi: "Sawai, you've been acting strange lately. You too, Yamanouchi... You're not working her too hard, are you?"
Kaori: "What do you mean, strange?"
Nagisa: "You don't see it? It's like you're dancing on Yamanouchi's puppet strings lately..."
To my side, Yamanouchi chuckless.
Yasuko: "Ya right there. She's my darlin' meat doll."
Hatsumi: "Mea...!?"
Kaori: "It's true. I'll do whatever Yamanouchi says."
Kaori: "If I don't I'll lose her heart... I'll be told I can't be trusted..."
After work I go to the room of the love of my life, Yamanouchi, and help her with her drafts, as always. Now that Yamanouchi's pro debut has been set in stone I'm swamped, but happy, being her assistant. My outfit today is bondage wear. Yamanouchi insists the cosplay motivates her. Being scantily clad is mortifying, and I still don't think I'm pulling the look off, but...if it makes Yamanouchi happy...then I guess it's fine. I'm happy if Yamanouchi's happy. Yamanouchi's smile is my happiness.
Kaori: "U-Um, I've finished coloring in the black."
Yasuko: "Hey, thanks. This one's next."
Kaori: "S-Sure."
Yamanouchi watches me glowingly. I squirm under her embarrassing gaze. Being looked at by Yamanouchi shouldn't be embarrassing for me. If anything, I should want her to look at me more.
Kaori: "U-Um... It doesn't suit me, does it?"
Yasuko: "Naw, it's not that. I was rediscovering how adorable my meat doll is."
She praised me...!
Kaori: "I'm your meat doll, Yamanouchi!"
Yasuko: "We aren't in the ward, ya dummy."
Oh yeah...
Kaori: "My mistake. I'm your meat doll, Moe. Order me to do your bidding."
I'm the only one allowed to call her by pen name. Me alone...!
Yasuko: "Heheh, ya making me blush... Wonder how long you'll keep up the schtick."
Every now and then Moe questions the integrity of my feelings for her. It's heartbreaking.
Kaori: "Forever. I'll always be Moe's meat doll. For as long as I live."
Yasuko: "Uh-huh, yeah-yeah. Keep it up, now."
Kaori: "...I will."
Why is she so reluctant to trust me? Is my attitude towards her too distant? If I made my feelings for her clearer then maybe one day I could...I will, get through to her...
====================scr01041.kgo====================
Kaori: "......"
I shakily drop to my knees. And bring my face closer to her feet... But then......In the split second before contact...something tugs at my resolve.
Kaori: "...I can't do this anymore."
Yasuko: "Huh?"
Kaori: "I don't think a relationship should be built on testing my feelings like thi--!!"
It takes me a moment to realize that Yamanouchi's kicked me aside.
Kaori: "Ya...mano...uchi...?"
I stagger to my feet.
Yasuko: "You're like all the others. All talk."
Her glare is arctic. It's the kind of contemptuous glare you'd save for a maggot-infested ditch. I know then that the door to Yamanouchi's heart has swung shut. There's nothing I can say anymore to get her to listen to me.
Yasuko: "Get lost. I don't want to see ya face."
Kaori: "...Okay... I'll leave..."
I leave Yamanouchi's room, cradling my broken heart. Yamanouchi refuses to speak a word to me. The next day I go to work, covering my bruised cheek with a skin tone compress. The Chief pauses, startled when she see's me, and then glances down apologetically.
Nagisa: "Hey, Yamanouchi has yet to come in today."
Kaori: "Huh..."
I look around the nurses station and realize she's right. Now that I think about it, her bag wasn't in the break room, either.
Hatsumi: "Looks like everyone's here. Let's begin the reports."
Kaori: "Huh?!"
How can everyone be here when Yamanouchi's still not arrived...?!
Hatsumi: "But first, I have an unfortunate announcement to make."
I heart thuds sickeningly...
Hatsumi: "As of yesterday, Yamanouchi has resigned."
Kaori: "!!"
I black out.
Hatsumi: "She was a unique asset who demonstrated exemplary consideration for her patients. But with Mr. Ryukaku's passing, among other things, I couldn't dissuade her..."
Hatsumi: "As a result there's a hole in the schedule that we'll need to scramble to fill -- the fault of my inexperience... I owe each of you an apology."
Hatsumi: "As her preceptee, Sawai... I owe you one above all else."
The Chief's voice booms from somewhere distant... I perceive only the vast surreality around me. I open the unlocked door and enter the room. A familiar room. How long as it been since I used to sit in this chair, and Yamanouchi that one, joking around and working on her drafts...?
Kaori: "...Is she really gone...?"
Nagisa: "...She said she'd send for her things once she's found a new place. Brutal of her to quit out of the blue."
Kaori: "........."
Yamanouchi's room, minus Yamanouchi. I'm sorry I didn't trust you. I'll kiss you anywhere, do whatever you say. Just please, come back. A damp sensation seeps over the compress on my cheek. Senpai watches me, concerned.
Kaori: "...Urgh... Erg..."
I can't stop the tears.
====================scr01042.kgo====================
Kaori: "Aaah. Go me! Another solid day on the job...!!"
I return to my room, and stretch theatrically. I step out of my underwear before getting into the bath when it suddenly occurs to me that I've not been assisting on Yamanouchi's draft's lately. She's making a pro debut with a pro draft. An amateur like me probably couldn't help her... The thought's saddening. I suppose I should be happy for Yamanouchi making it pro...right?
Kaori: "...S-She won't mind if I just drop by to say hi...right?"
I say to no one in particular, before turning to drop my underwear in the hamper.
Kaori: "Whau?! What the--?!"
Yasuko: "Howdy! Having a good day?"
Flabbergasted, I take the square box held out at me without a second thought.
Kaori: "Wh-What's going on...?"
Yamanouchi strides into the room, grinning, but not answering my question.
Yasuko: "I was going to stay hush, but I figured it wouldn't be fair not to let you know, too."
...Wouldn't be fair...?
Yasuko: "I'm leaving Yurigahama today. Going packing tonight."
Kaori: "?!"
For one incomprehensible moment my mind goes blank. What...did she just say...?
Yasuko: "I didn't want folks getting sappy so I got the Chief to stay quiet... But I owe you this much."
Yamanouchi grins. She has her signature plotting smile on her face. But something is different...
Kaori: "Wh-Why?! You could have continued drawing manga without quitting your job!!"
Yamanouchi chortles.
Yasuko: "Sawai... Honest to a fault."
Yasuko: "You're so pure...it's painful to watch. Makes me realize how crappy I am."
Kaori: "........."
Crappy...? That's not true. Yamanouchi's not crappy! I want to tell her, but the tears block the words. Is there...nothing I can do to stop her...?
Yasuko: "You're not at fault, ya hear? It's my fault for...being a crappy person."
Kaori: "Y-Yamanouchi..."
Yasuko: "Catch ya around, Sawai."
Yamanouchi pats me on the head, and turns her back on me.
Yasuko: "...The beautiful, honest person you deserve is out there, so don't get caught with trash like me again."
Kaori: "........."
I can't stop her. I know full well that even if I did, she wouldn't hear me out. I know her inside and out -- because I love her...!
Kaori: "...nouchi...Yamano...uchi...!!"
Tears spill down my cheeks, one after another. I crumple where I stand, tightly hugging the sweet box Yamanouchi gave me, shrieking tears. It's been several months since Yamanouchi left. It's already spring. I've become accustomed to the ward without Yamanouchi. The same can't be said for the Chief... Yamanouchi was like her right hand. It's not like she can just train another person to fill the void, or find a replacement.
Kaori: "...Hm?"
A large-ish envelope pokes out of my postbox.
Kaori: "....Comic Queen...Himeyuri Editorial Department...?"
It only hits me once I read the words out loud. This was the publication that scouted Yamanouchi...!! I dash back to my room and tear open the hard square package. There's a magazine inside the envelope. I'd recognize these drawings anywhere: I helped countless times in their creation. "Moe Sawanouchi makes their shocking debut!! The passionate collision of doctor and nurse!!"
The gigantic lettering on the cover spurs me into flipping through the pages. I find a medical manga strip. It's the story of a female doctor with ponytail on one side, and a beautiful nurse who attempt to outmaneuver each other over patient care, while being madly in love in private....Is this Yamanouchi's ideal relationship?
Kaori: "...It's true... I can't wheedle and weave like this..."
Kaori: "Staying one step ahead of my opponent, using their mindset against them, feinting compliance with their views."
A drop patters onto the Moe Sawanouchi legend. What thoughts and feelings did Yamanouchi imbue this pen name with...? I...I'm not even remotely qualified to stand by Yamanouchi... If I had been a better nurse, would Yamanouchi be at my side right now, laughing with me...?
Kaori: "...Erg."
Several color-warped blotches mark the paper.
====================scr01101.kgo====================
I open my eyes nice and slowly.            There's nothing. Only darkness.     Then, a little girl I've never seen     appears in front of me.
???: "...Hey. What are friends?"
Kaori: "What...?"
She bears no particular expression on her face, yet for some reason she seems so hurt.
Kaori: "...Friends?"
That's a tough question. People that help you. You'll understand when you grow up.
Kaori: "Friends are... People that help you when you're in need."
She gives me a sad look.
???: "No one helps me."
And with that, she disappears in a puff.
Kaori: "You can only understand the answers to such difficult questions when you're grown up."
???: "......"
A look of disappointment washes over her face before she disappears. What was that? I'm on the night shift tonight, so I can work with Senpai, nice and relaxed. There's still a little time before my shift starts, so I leisurely walk into the hospital. There are a lot of people in regular clothes in the lobby, probably because it's the weekend. They're most likely visitors for patients in here. Among them, I spot a young girl I've seen before wearing a green school uniform.
Kaori: "Hmm...? Isn't that Ami's friend?"
Nagisa: "What? Where?"
Senpai must have missed her, because she only gives me a puzzled look after following my gaze. Looks like she couldn't find her.
Kaori: "There was a girl right over there wearing a Sakuradachi High school uniform..."
Nagisa: "Huh, I must have missed her. Was it the girl that came by the other day? Her uniform is so soothing to lay my eyes on."
Kaori: "So soothing... Senpai!"
Nagisa: "What? What's so bad about that? Cute is cute! Ughh!"
She pouts her lips, but the next instant her expression is darkened, and she sighs Ami's name.
Nagisa: "Actually, I was worried about Ami because she never talks about her friends from school."
Nagisa: "Don't you think it's weird that she wouldn't talk about her friend even though she comes to visit? It's like they never even got to see each other."
Kaori: "Whoa, Senpai! You really looked like a nurse just now!"
Nagisa: "What did you say?! Are you talking trash to your senpai with this mouth?!"
She grabs my cheek.
Kaori: "Owowowow! Henpai, it hurss!"
I know it isn't just my imagination that she's squeezing my cheek harder than usual!
Nagisa: "You'll remember that I'm the head nurse of room 306! What kind of nurse wouldn't be worried about the patient she oversees directly?!"
She finally lets go of my cheek. Ooo, it stings!
Nagisa: "Ami's condition has stabilized, and she might be getting out of the hospital soon! I want to get her out of here with a smile on her face, you know?"
Kaori: "Right. I hope Ami gets out soon."
I rub my stinging cheek as I express my agreement with Senpai. Ami's parents don't come to visit her. I read in her file once that Ami said she would depend on their love too much, so she told them herself not to visit. But Senpai might be right about her friends. I hope the girl I saw in the Sakuradachi uniform gets to see Ami today.
Kaori: "Okay everyone, lights out!"
Hiro: "No! The wicked witch is here!"
Yeah, yeah. Hiro thinks I'm a witch.
Komu: "I'll melt you with water!"
Kaori: "Hey! Quit horsing around and get to bed, okay?"
I put my hands on my hips as I yell at them. Then, I feel something pull on my white uniform.
Sho: "...Umm... Ami isn't here."
Kaori: "What?!"
I rip open the curtain around her bed only to see that she really isn't there!
Kaori: "A-Ami?!"
Ami: "...Yes?"
Kaori: "Guyrah?!"
I blurt out in sheer surprise when I hear her voice behind me. It's pitch-black in here. She could have given me a heart attack!
Ami: "I just went to the bathroom. I didn't mean to make you worry."
Kaori: "Th-That's fine. I'm just glad that you're okay."
Ami: "...Good night."
I wonder what's wrong with Ami? She seemed kind of sad. Was it just my imagination? Senpai, another night worker, and I all sit down and drink some powder lemon tea Senpai made for us. Mmm, it's so nice working nights when nothing happens.
Kaori: "Oh yeah. Ami seemed kind of sad tonight."
Nagisa: "One of the day nurses said the same thing. I wonder what happened?"
The night nurse must not like hot drinks, because she's been blowing at hers this whole time. Then, she hesitantly raises her head.
Night Nurse: "Actually, I was thinking about that, too. What if she doesn't want to leave the hospital?"
Kaori: "She doesn't want to...leave the hospital?"
Night Nurse: "I was working two nights ago when her dismissal from the hospital was first brought up."
Come to think of, it, this night nurse only works nights, doesn't she?
Night Nurse: "I thought she was unhappy because of the other kids in the room. She was crying in bed at night."
Nagisa: "She was crying? But why? Shouldn't she be happy she's getting out of the hospital?"
Night Nurse: "It's pretty weird, right? Crying about getting released from the hospital... I don't think she has problems at home, so maybe she doesn't want to go back to school?"
She finally sips her cooled tea and lets a sigh escape her lips. She really doesn't like hot drinks.
Night Nurse: "Girls that age are pretty difficult, huh?"
Those words she speaks sink deep into my heart.
Kaori: "Okay, breakfast is here!"
Hiro: "Woo! Food! Pudding!"
Nagisa: "Hey! Who's pulling my apron?!"
Komu: "Pudding! Give me pudding!"
Nagisa: "No! Pudding comes after you eat your breakfast!"
Looking over, I realize that Ami's food is still on the cart. She usually comes and gets her food herself.
Kaori: "Ami, breakfast is ready!"
Ami: "...I'm not hungry..."
Kaori: "Come on. You'll feel better if you eat something."
Ami: "I might throw up if I eat right now."
What?! Does she feel that bad?!
Nagisa: "I'll take a look at her after, so could you finish handing out the meals?"
Kaori: "O-Okay."
I'm hesitant, but I switch positions with Senpai. I'm sure Ami will be more comfortable with Senpai than a newbie like me.
Sho: "Oh no! Someone ate my pudding!"
Hiro: "What?! It's your fault for not eating it fast enough!"
Komu: "Hiro, you're not supposed to eat pudding that isn't yours."
Hiro: "Wh-What? I couldn't help myself... Wahhhh!"
Sho: "Wahhhh! I hate you! Give my pudding back!"
Kaori: "No no no! Don't fight! Don't cry!"
As I falter around, the night nurse comes in and calms everyone down for me. I still have a lot to learn when it comes to stuff like this...
====================scr01102.kgo====================
Oh...            That dream again...
???: "...Hey. Why do people have to live?"
That question is for me...right? Hmm... Back when I got into my accident, why did I think I had to go on living? Rehab was so difficult, and I thought dying back in the hospital would have made things so much easier so many times. Because I didn't want to die. Because I didn't want my friends and family to be sad.
Kaori: "In my case, I didn't want to die."
???: "Why not?"
Kaori: "Because death is terrifying."
Kaori: "If I died, don't you think at the very least your mother and father would be sad?"
???: "......"
Kaori: "In my case, I didn't want to make my parents and little sister sad."
Kaori: "Plus, doesn't everyone say there's so much fun and joy to be had while you're alive?"
???: "...I think that's just a nice thing to say."
Once again, the girl poofs away without any expression ever showing on her face.
Kaori: "Pardon me! I'm going to take your tray!"
Sayuri: "...What is it?"
Kaori: "Wow, Miss Sakai! You've been eating so much lately. You even ate over three quarters of your meal this time!"
Sayuri: "Obviously. Humans are living creatures, too -- how am I going to get better if I don't eat?"
Kaori: "Hrmm? Well, yeah..."
I'm just happy that a picky eater like Miss Sakai who barely ate at all, has been eating a lot the past few meals!
Sayuri: "Don't you have other work to do? Why are you just standing there with my tray in your hands?"
Kaori: "Oh, umm... I was just happy, and was relishing the moment..."
She scoffs at me and looks the other way.
Sayuri: "Can you call the Chief to my room when you get the chance?"
Kaori: "What?!"
Is she going to complain about me again?!
Sayuri: "...Don't think too much of it. I just want to show the Chief that I'm being more optimistic about my treatment."
Sayuri: "I'm not thinking about you. What. So. Ever."
She gives me a big, toothy smile. It's kind of childish, but if I said that she'd go off for sure. I better keep my mouth shut. But still, Miss Sakai being optimistic about her treatment?
Kaori: "So you're going to do the immunosuppressive therapy?"
Sayuri: "Wow, so even you've been studying your medical books."
Ugh.
Sayuri: "I'll be transferring hospitals, so I won't have to see your face anymore, but that means I'll have no one to let my stress out on, so I might get even more stressed out..."
Sayuri: "No matter where I get transferred, I doubt there'll be a nurse as stupid as you there."
Kaori: "Haha...hahaha."
Just let it go... Whatever the case may be, it's a good thing that Miss Sakai is being more optimistic about her treatment! I'll let that be the presiding thought in my head for now. I bow to her, then go to leave, but...
Sayuri: "Oh yeah. Keep an eye on that girl that likes to give everyone weird nicknames."
I'm already in the hall before I question what she said in my own head. What she said has me curious, but I doubt Miss Sakai will tell me what she meant even if I go back inside. What could she have meant by that? I can't say it's because of what Miss Sakai said to me, but I really am worried about how Ami has been acting. She hasn't shown me that innocent smile of hers in a while, and that touchy-feely side of her she's so eager to share with everyone seems to have disappeared. She barely touched her lunch today, too... I just can't get it out of my mind, so I go up to the roof, Ami's relaxation spot.
Ami: "......"
She leans up against the barrier, staring up at the sky with her forteleu tucked away in its case beside her.
Kaori: "What's wrong? Not going to play today?"
Ami: "...I'm not in the mood."
Kaori: "That's too bad. I wish I could hear you play."
Ami: "I can't let you hear me play now. Not with the way I'm feeling..."
She chokes up and tears well in her eyes. What did I say?!
Kaori: "Wh-What's wrong? Are you hurt? Will it feel better if I rub it?"
Ami: "......"
All of a sudden, she wraps her arms around me.
Ami: "...Can you hug me?"
Kaori: "But..."
Ami: "Can you hug me and rub my back?"
How can I say no when she's crying like this?
Kaori: "...Sure."
I hold her firmly in my arms and rub her back soothingly. Ami must be dealing with something very painful. I'll do this as much as she wants if it makes her feel better, but isn't this just running away from the problem?
Kaori: "Is there anything else I can do?"
I try to get her to deal with it some other way. She looks up at me, her eyes slightly pink.
Ami: "...Can you kiss me?"
Kaori: "That's, umm..."
Ami: "Just kidding."
Despite her claim, she looks like she could burst into tears any second.
Kaori: "Ami..."
How can I say no to a face like that?
Kaori: "...Just this once, okay?"
I lean in and gently kiss her forehead.
Kaori: "Does that make you feel better?"
Ami: "......"
She blushes, turning her face bright red.
Kaori: "Your symptoms have been stabilizing, so now you need to go back to school, happy and healthy!"
Ami: "......"
However, the flush disappears from her cheeks and she looks like she's about to cry again. What's gotten into her? I really want to know.
Kaori: "Actually, I saw a girl wearing the Sakuradachi uniform in the lobby last Sunday. Did she come to visit you?"
Ami: "That..."
Kaori: "Ami?"
Ami: "That has nothing to do with you!!!"
She runs off, not even bothering to take her forteleu with her.
Kaori: "...Ami...?"
I have no idea what to do. I simply stare back and forth at the forteleu and the direction Ami ran off in. After coming back inside, I leave Ami's forteleu on her empty bed and go back to the nurses station.
Kaori: "I'm back!"
Nagisa: "...Hahh..."
As soon as I make my return to the nurses station, I'm hit with a heavy sigh from Senpai.
Kaori: "What's wrong? It's not like you to sigh like that Senpai."
I figure she'll say something like "WHAT'D YOU SAY, NEWBIE?!"
but she only sighs again and taps her finger on the temperature chart.
Nagisa: "Hmm... We might have to reconsider Ami's status to be released from the hospital at this rate."
Senpai points to the meal column that's riddled with zeroes, ones, and twos.
Hatsumi: "Sawai, you're pretty close with Ami, right? Has she told you about anything lately?"
I nearly jump out of my socks when the Chief suddenly addresses me.
Kaori: "I-I'm not..."
Yasuko: "Just when Miss Me stops being selfish, Ami comes ‘round and starts actin’ selfish now. Lordy lord."
Hatsumi: "Yamanouchi, please don't say inappropriate things like that around the younger ones."
Yasuko: "Oh, dear. Sorry 'bout that."
It's then, as I absentmindedly overhear their conversation, that I realize something.
Kaori: "...I think Ami really doesn't want to leave the hospital."
Her expression changed from that cute blush when I kissed her to that pale, fearful expression when I mentioned her leaving the hospital.
Nagisa: "Right. She did start eating less right after we told her she'd be leaving soon."
Hatsumi: "But if this keeps up, we'll have to start feeding her through a tube. I would hate to do that to a patient that doesn't even have dysphasia."
Yasuko: "Instead of talkin' ‘bout all this stuff, why don't we just shove a nose catheter up that cute lil’ button nose of hers?"
Yasuko: "It'd be so gosh darn painful and embarrassin' that she'd never act like that again."
Hatsumi: "...I'm saying all this because I don't want to do that."
Everything is the same as usual here. Yamanouchi and the Chief are so cooperative. Just as I think that, someone nudges me in the side.
Nagisa: "Hey, it really feels like I won't be able to do anything about this, so can you talk some sense into Ami?"
Kaori: "You want me to do it?"
Nagisa: "The Chief just said... You're the closest person to Ami in this hospital. Please!"
Senpai is practically begging me right there. Ughhh... I can't say no when Senpai is asking me like this.
Kaori: "Okay... I-I'll try my best..."
I agree to it for now, but I have no idea how I'm supposed to talk some sense into her! After I transfer my duties over to the night nurse, finish my records and change, I stop by Ami's room before heading back to my dorm.
Ami: "...Kaorin?"
Kaori: "Hey! Almost time for dinner, huh?"
Her expression dampens the second I mention food.
Kaori: "Ami, at the rate things are going with your food... We're going to have to stick a catheter up your nose."
Ami: "Just leave me alone!"
She rolls up into a ball in her blankets.
Kaori: "How could I do that? Hospitals are for treatment, you know!"
Kaori: "I can't just ignore a patient who tries to make themselves sick by not eating anything!"
Ami: "........."
The area around her shoulders flinches. I gently pat the bunched up blanket.
Kaori: "You don't want to go to school?"
Ami: "......"
After a moment of silence, I can see her nod under the blanket.
Kaori: "But if you start feeling better, you have to go to school."
Ami: "......"
Kaori: "Hey Ami... If I give you a kiss, will that make you want to go to school?"
Ami: "......"
Kaori: "I was in the hospital for a while once. I was so worried about school back then..."
Kaori: "I was out for 6 months and fell behind in my studies, but it helped me appreciate how good school was for me."
Ami sits up, throwing the blanket back. Her face is beet red with an ire I've never seen before.
Ami: "Can't you tell I don't want to talk to you?! I hate you! I hate you I hate you I hate you!"
She rolls herself back up in the blanket.
Kaori: "S-Sorry... I'll come back tomorrow then."
It's pretty obvious that I failed hard. But just then, I remember something the night nurse mentioned....Girls this age are so hard to deal with...
Kaori: "...Pardon me."
The usual routine, the usual IV exchange. The thing that happened with Ami yesterday clouds my mind, and I just can't seem to smile. I still have a lot to learn...
Sayuri: "What's with you?! Can't you tell that look on your face is going to ruin my mood? Are you trying to make me feel worse?!"
Kaori: "S-Sorry... I just can't get my mind off of something..."
Miss Sakai sighs exaggeratedly.
Sayuri: "...Is it about Ami?"
Kaori: "!!"
I can't hide my surprise when I hear her name.
Sayuri: "I knew it! Knowing you, I bet you tried to tackle the problem head on and failed miserably. Are you an idiot?!"
Kaori: "Miss Sakai, what do you know about Ami?!"
Sayuri: "I don't really know much. Only some trivial things."
Feeling disappointed is a reaction I can't seem to avoid. Just when I thought I might get some good info...
Sayuri: "All I know is that after she stopped coming around my room all the time, I figured she would finally get out of here, so I congratulated her. All she did was cry, though."
Sayuri: "And I know that whenever I see her in the hallway she looks depressed... And that since other kids started to come visit her she's been acting even stranger."
That's ‘all' she knows?! That’s plenty for me! The disappointment I was feeling suddenly disappears, and I'm left feeling rather impressed.
Kaori: "Way to keep an eye out, Miss Sakai!"
Sayuri: "You have a lot of time on your hands when you're confined to a bed. Oh, one other thing I haven't been able to stop thinking about..."
Sayuri: "Don't you think there's some kind of reason Ami never talks about her classmates? Don't girls her age never stop talking about their friends?"
I think Senpai mentioned that as well. I've talked to Ami a lot, and a little about her school, but I've never heard her say anything about her friends.
Sayuri: "Don't normal kids have fun in high school? I hated it, but when people ask me about it I always say it was kind of fun."
Sayuri: "She doesn't even do that, though. Isn't it reasonable to think something is going on?"
Kaori: "Hmm..."
I try to think of anything I can about what I saw in Ami's behavior or what Miss Sakai tells me. I remember talking about school. It's a prissy girl's school. She has a strict, but kind teacher. She likes the forteleu...
Kaori: "That's it! The forteleu!"
The incredible idea I get makes me jump to my feet.
Yasuko: "All right lil' girl. You can scream and shout all ya want but not at work, honey."
Kaori: "It's the forteleu! The forteleu!"
Yasuko: "...Hey Fujisawa, yer charge here is spoutin' some crazy stuff, better calm her down!"
Nagisa: "I can't be held responsible for every one of her actions..."
Kaori: "What are you guys talking about?! It's Ami! I figured out how to make her feel better!"
Nagisa: "Make Ami feel better?"
Kaori: "Ami likes the forteleu! We'll have a concert for her to try to get her spirits up!"
Nagisa: "Right... I think it's a good idea, but won't it be a little difficult to have a concert in the hospital?"
Kaori: "Then what about on the roof?"
Yasuko: "A mini concert on the roof... Sounds like a hoot! Don't it, Chief?"
It's only then I notice the Chief is in the nurses station!
Hatsumi: "It's not a bad idea. Miss Asada is about to be released, so she's no problem, but be careful with who you choose for the other participants."
Hatsumi: "It's a great season to be outside in the breeze, but patients without much resilience can't stand the strong UV rays."
Yasuko: "Ain't nothin' we can do about that. I'll take care of choosin' the participants!"
Yasuko: "Fujisawa, you can go with Sawai to cheer up Ami! Don't mess up the explanation, you hear me?"
Hatsumi: "We can't do it right now, but if the situation permits we should ask some surgery patients and temporary patients to join. It'll be good recreation for them."
Things are well under way, but I have to tell Ami about this first!
Kaori: "Senpai, we have to strike while the iron is hot! Let's go tell Ami!"
Nagisa: "Yeah! I'm sure she'll love the idea!"
Senpai and I go to Ami's room.
Kaori: "Ami, do you mind if I open the curtain?"
Ami: "...Sure."
Kaori: "Nagisa and I came to share some really good news with you today!"
Ami: "Umm... Kaorin? I'm sorry I told you I hated you yesterday. I've been so sick of myself ever since I said that..."
Senpai can't hide her surprise as she stands by me. I'd never tell Senpai that Ami told me she hated me, you know.
Kaori: "Don't worry about it. I know that you're a little more on edge than usual right now."
Ami: "You really aren't mad?"
Kaori: "Not at all! I don't have anything to be angry about!"
She must be relieved to hear it, because she finally smiles. However, she doesn't look too well, possibly due to a lack of nutrients.
Nagisa: "Anyway Ami, how about we do a concert?"
Kaori: "Wuaha?"
I nearly choke when Senpai comes right out and says that.
Ami: "What... A concert?"
See?! Ami is all surprised, too!
Nagisa: "Didn't you say you love playing the forteleu?"
Nagisa: "It'll be good recreation for the other patients, so the Chief asked us if you would do it. What do you say?"
Kaori: "......"
Whoa, lying like that?! The ends justify the means, right? Nice, Senpai! She got the topic on the table pretty handily!
Ami: "......"
Meanwhile, Ami still stares up at her blankly.
Nagisa: "She said it shouldn't be a problem for you because you're strong enough to get out of here. "
Nagisa: "The air is so nice outside this time of year, so wouldn't a concert on the roof be incredible?"
Nagisa: "If you say no, we'll have to think up something else, so you'd be doing us a really big favor if you accept."
Ami shoots me a troubled look. But I give her a big smile and one last push.
Kaori: "I'd love to hear you play again!"
Nagisa: "She's not the only one! Me, too!"
She thinks for a moment, the slowly begins to speak.
Ami: "Me playing my forteleu is recreation for everyone?"
Kaori: "Of course! It was so soothing when I heard you play before!"
Ami: "Really?!"
She smiles with such glee. She really does look best when she's smiling.
Ami: "Then can you tell the Chief that I'll do it?"
Nagisa: "Okay, sure thing! What a big help, Ami! Thank you!"
Kaori: "I can't wait, Ami!"
Ami: "Me neither!"
Thank goodness... Ami is smiling again.
====================scr01103.kgo====================
Another one of those dreams... That strange girl appears in the midst of nothingness, asking me tough questions. What will it be this time?
???: "How do you tell someone you love them?"
Just tell them. Wait until they notice how you feel.
Kaori: "It's hard to say when I don't know the details, but you could just tell them."
Kaori: "If you don't say it, you can't express your feelings. They're not something you can see."
???: "But that hurts people sometimes! You don't even care, do you?!"
She disappears, but not before I catch a glimpse of her teary eyes and angry expression....Did I say something to upset her?
Kaori: "It's hard to say because I don't know the details, but I think you need to wait until they notice how you feel through the things you do and say."
Kaori: "I know people like to say to put yourself out on a limb, but that can be so scary..."
Kaori: "If you don't want to hurt them, you just have to wait until they notice."
???: "What should I do if they don't notice?"
Kaori: "Well..."
I'm not sure how to answer that. She looks disappointed as she fades into nothing. Urgh! I didn't help at all! Ami is setting up her forteleu.
Ami: "I haven't been practicing lately. I hope I can do this."
I get so happy just watching her!
Kaori: "It's just a bunch of people you know today, so don't get so nervous! Besides, the only people watching are going to be the patients from 303 and 306, and Miss Sakai."
Ami: "Sayurin is coming, too?! Oh, I wish you didn't tell me that... Now I'm even more nervous!"
Kaori: "You'll do fine, Ami. Your music is beautiful. Have some confidence!"
Ami: "Oh no. I'm so nervous my hands are shaking now."
Her eyes are filled with expectation as she turns to me and holds out her hands. They really are trembling, so I wrap my own hands around them.
Kaori: "It's okay. These hands of yours are magic hands that relax people. Just take a deep breath...now let it out..."
Ami: "Heee... Hooo..."
Kaori: "...See? Feeling better?"
Ami: "Wow, I am. I should have expected that from someone with the healing hands!"
Kaori: "Actually, I get pretty nervous, too, so I like to hold my chest and take a deep breath. I always feel better when I do that."
Kaori: "You should try it sometimes. This little spell... Well, taking deep breaths helps."
Ami: "Umm, Kaorin? Can you do something for me that will help even more?"
Kaori: "Oh? Something that helps more?"
Ami: "You know... Kissing me on the forehead..."
Kaori: "Oh, Ami... What am I ever going to do with you?"
I check to make sure no one else is around and kiss her on the forehead. She's so cute. Her whole face, all the way down to her neck, gets red. There's just something irresistible about such pure innocence!
Nagisa: "Hey, how's the prep coming?!"
Senpai comes up to the roof with the other children and Miss Sakai. As soon as she sees them, Ami freezes solid.
Sayuri: "What are you just standing there for? We came to hear you play, so at least look happy."
Ami seems to relax when she sees Miss Sakai's usual attitude.
Ami: "You always say stuff like that! Why can't you just be honest and say you're too excited to wait!"
Sayuri: "I'm not excited! I'm as normal as ever!"
Kaori: "Okay, that's enough you two!"
Despite what she says, she gets in with all the other little kids and sits front and center....Hm, Ami might have been right. The other patients all gather round in the seats, looking very interested to hear Ami play.
Ami: "T-Today's performance will be more like an extended practice, so... Don't laugh at me if I mess up!"
Nagisa: "Okay, everyone put your hands together for Ami!"
Everyone does as Senpai says......and the concert begins! The music she plays really is wonderful. The audience seems to enjoy the music, looking like they get lost in it......when suddenly I hear someone fall over.
Nagisa: "Miko?!"
One of the patients fell on the floor. Ami stops playing while Senpai and Miss Sakai run over to Miko. Even from here I can see how deathly pale she is. Murmurs rush through the crowd of patients, and Ami is frozen at her forteleu in front of everyone. Oh no. I need to leave Miko to Senpai and take care of Ami.
Kaori: "Ami, it's okay. Everything is going to be okay."
Ami: "But..."
Sayuri: "She's got cyanosis. Lay her down and raise her legs. Miss Fujisawa, turn the clock to me!"
Nagisa: "Oh, her eyelids are so pale! The anemia is getting bad..."
Sayuri: "Pulse is 102, weak, and beating intermittently. Breath 36, distressed. Skin is clammy. It's cold sweat."
Senpai writes everything down on her arm with a pen. Meanwhile, I hold the trembling Ami in my arms.
Kaori: "Everything's going to be okay."
Ami: "But she's so pale, and it looks like she's unconscious, and I...!!"
Kaori: "It's not your fault Miko has her disease. It's not your fault she fainted, either. Don't worry too much about it, okay?"
The quiet middle schooler Miko has a congenital condition called a septal defect in her heart. They wanted to do surgery in our division, but they can't do that kind of specialized heart surgery here, so she was just admitted until she can be moved to a more specialized hospital. Her health declined, so she's recovering at internal in our hospital, but she was supposed to be far from recovery, so I thought she was going to stay in her room!
Nagisa: "Sawai, work with Miss Sakai and take care of the kids and Ami! I'll bring Miko back to the wing...hup!!"
Senpai lifts Miko right up in her arms and rushes back inside.
Kaori: "Okay, no dilly-dallying! Adults, please go back to your rooms on your own!"
Komu: "What about the kids?"
Hiro: "The nurses are going to carry us back, just like they did with Miko!"
Kaori: "What?!"
Do they really expect me to do that in this kind of situation?!
Yasuko: "Sorry y'all. This little accident canceled the concert. Sorry 'bout that, Ami. Okay, time to head home!"
Sho: "Nurse, carry me!"
Yasuko: "Carry ya? Was your sickness so bad you can't even walk?"
Hiro: "But they carried Miko inside!"
Yasuko: "Hmm. Well, Miko has a big 'ol hole in her heart, so she needs it. I can put a hole in yer heart if you want to be carried!"
Hiro: "No, I'll die!"
Yasuko: "That's right! She's fightin' for her life against that disease! You still think it's not fair now?"
Ugh, Yamanouchi is acting like such a child! The kids must do some thinking, because they all shut up pretty quickly.
Ami: "A hole in her heart...? She has such a terrible disease? She's always so quiet, looking so happy... I had no idea."
Sayuri: "All patients are different. You can be shocked if you want, but I'm sure she only wants some understanding."
Kaori: "Miko's condition is very serious, but that's not your fault, Ami! It's not your fault she fainted, either!"
I wrap the pale Ami in my arms while Miss Sakai looks expressionlessly into the sky. Ugh, I know they're both upset by this! Why didn't I say something more helpful?!
Ami: "But if I didn't do this concert, Miko would have stayed in bed and this never would have happened!"
Sayuri: "Is that what you need, to have someone tell you it's not your fault over and over again?"
She looks down at Ami with disdain in her eyes.
Sayuri: "You just pretend to be so weak and let other people protect you. What an easy, boring life you must have!"
Ami: "!!"
Kaori: "Miss Sakai, that's taking it too far!"
Sayuri: "Oh, forgive me. This tragic heroine play Ami is putting on just left a bad taste in my mouth."
Ami: "......"
Yasuko: "...You know, from over here it looks like you two are just about the same."
Sayuri: "!!"
Here we go. Yamanouchi!
Yasuko: "All right all right. All the good boys and girls from 306 come with me now!"
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai eyes her with such malice that it looks like she's actually trying to kill her with her glare alone as Yamanouchi goes inside.
Kaori: "Ami, we don't want you catching a cold. Let's go inside. You, too, Miss Sakai. We don't want you catching a cold after you just recovered."
Sayuri: "You don't have to tell me that!"
The ire in her face doesn't subside, even as she turns and goes back inside. I help Ami pack up her forteleu as she cries, then help her back inside.
Ami: "......"
Ami has been so depressed since then. Miko was moved from room 306 to the intensive care room, 301. Luckily, Miss Ryu, who was suffering from dementia, was just moved to another facility, so there was an open bed in 301. It was the one saving grace of her dire situation, because if there was no open bed we would have had to move her to the next building where the child surgery department is. We won't know for sure until some detailed tests are run, but she should be fine as long as she gets the proper care and rests in room 301.
Kaori: "Ami... It really isn't your fault."
Ami: "......"
Kaori: "I'm sorry there won't be another concert anytime soon. I should have paid closer attention to who came out on the roof."
Ami: "My performances only hurt people."
I thought I misheard her for a second, but it turns out I didn't.
Kaori: "What do you mean?"
Ami: "I mean exactly what I said."
With that, she curls up in her blanket. Something about what she says really stings my heart. Come to think of it, I'm pretty sure I've heard her say something similar before. As I think about the meaning behind Ami's words, I return to the nurses station and find the Chief berating my crying Senpai.
Kaori: "Senpai! What's wrong?!"
Hatsumi: "How could you say that in a situation like this?! One wrong move and it could have been a huge disaster!"
Nagisa: "...*Sniff*..."
Hatsumi: "Did you not look at her record? She has a congenital heart disease! Did you know that when you led her out of the room?!"
I can't see why the Chief is so upset...
Hatsumi: "She's small, and her growth has been delayed. That's why the doctor has been thinking to opt out of an operation and keeping her in doors!"
Hatsumi: "Yet he didn't, and waited for her to grow. Now, this summer, when she was finally ready for her operation, you do this?!"
Hatsumi: "Don't you realize that you ruined this whole plan of getting her in the best health possible before bringing her to child surgery?!"
Nagisa: "I'm...sorry... She wanted to join so badly... She promised she wouldn't push herself..."
Hatsumi: "She may be a middle schooler, but she's been banned from recreational activities for a long time. Of course she'd push herself!"
I see now. So even though Miko wasn't on Yamanouchi's list, she begged Senpai to take her... Senpai must have had to think long and hard about that. What would I have done if I were in her shoes? Could I have said no if Miko begged me like she did Senpai?
Kaori: "But Chief! Just knowing she's been banned from recreation activities this whole time makes it that much harder to say no!"
Hatsumi: "Sawai, we're nurses. We don't work here to make our patients like us. Sometimes we just have to be the bad guys."
Nagisa: "...*Sniff*..."
Hatsumi: "Fujisawa... Think about priorities. One she gets her operation done, she'll be able to listen to as many concerts as she wants."
Hatsumi: "Until then, she needs to be patient. No matter how much she cries or says she hates you, your job is to make her endure."
My mind knows that the Chief is right. But knowing how badly Miko wanted to go to the concert and that Senpai was just being kind, I simply can't agree. We have to be the bad guys... I understand it, but can I really do it when the time comes?
Hatsumi: "Fujisawa, after transferring duties today, I need you to write an incident report, and then you'll be suspended and confined to your apartment for three days."
Kaori: "B-But it wasn't Senpai's fault!"
Yasuko: "Of course it was ya idiot!"
Yamanouchi smacks me in the head.
Yasuko: "Are you so stupid that you don't even know how bad Fujisawa's muck up was this time?! What ya even got a head for when you just let yer emotions control ya?!"
Yasuko: "If somethin' bad happened to her, Ami would have been scarred for life!"
Kaori: "!!"
I think back to Ami and how she curled up in her blanket. She's already hurt, and to add something on top of that...!!
Hatsumi: "Sawai. It looks like you need to cool off your head as well. Think about that for three days in your apartment."
Yasuko: "I reckon y'all know this, but yer not allowed to go to each other's rooms while y'all are on suspension. No phonin' or textin', neither."
Yasuko: "Ya both need to think about how bad your mistake was, and how stupid you sounded sayin' all that stuff, respectively!"
====================scr01104.kgo====================
This dream again...         One little girl,         standing in the middle of nothingness. She looks straight at me.
???: "My friend called me a harbinger of death that only brings misfortune to people. What should I do?"
That's so mean! That takes skill.
Kaori: "That's so mean! You can't just take that lying down!"
???: "Why are you angry? No one said that to you."
Kaori: "I know that! If someone called me or my friend that, I wouldn't be able to keep quiet about it."
???: "...Thanks."
She smiles as she fades into the nothingness.
Kaori: "If you really do that to everyone, I think it has to be some kind of skill. I guess it'd depend on how you'd use your skill then."
???: "......"
Her eyes widen as she stares at me.
Kaori: "...D-Did I say something wrong?"
???: "...I never thought about it that way."
She smiles and disappears into the nothingness. Just as the Chief and Yamanouchi told me, I think about what I did in my room. I think back to the concert. It feels like I'm enveloped by the pure melody of the forteleu. After hearing that sound even once, I can see why Miko would be so desperate to hear it again. But the Chief is right. She'll have plenty of opportunities to hear it after her operation. Senpai should have denied Miko's request, and I shouldn't have taken Senpai's side in all of this. I finally realize that now. All I can do now is be sorry for what I did and never again let my emotions get the best of me and compromise the patients' priorities. I'll leave Miko to the doctor and my senior nurses while I reflect on what I've done. Maybe after Ami gets out we can go visit Miko is she's up for it. Knowing Ami, I'm sure she would be willing to.
Kaori: "...Ami."
I think back to how energetic she was during the concert. A sadness and yearning well up inside my heart when I think of her. Do I love her like a little sister maybe? Or as another girl? Suddenly, an image of her with a darkened expression flits through my mind. Ami felt responsible that it all happened during her concert. She was really hurt by it all. Despite already knowing she was in a fragile mental state, we ended up making things even worse for her. I wonder if she's skipping meals again. What if she's huddled in her blanket, crying all by herself?! I want to stay by her side and tell her it's okay. But, I'm supposed to be confined to my room. Go visit Ami. Stay in as you were told. I lift my head up at the idea. If someone finds out, I'll definitely get an earful. I might have my suspension extended, or even worse... I could be fired. But... I'm just too worried about Ami. I'll just go for a minute, get a look at her, then come right back! No, I shouldn't. I'm on suspension and confinement to my room for a reason. I need to think about that. I'm worried about Ami, but there are part timers and other nurses, not to mention the Chief and Yamanouchi in the hospital wing. I'm the new girl, so I'd stick out like a sore thumb being there. What I need to do is think about what I've done....I can't believe I actually came. But I'm not here as a nurse! I'm here as Ami's friend that wants to visit her! I might get reamed out if someone found me, but just because I'm suspended it doesn't mean I can't come for a visit, right? ......... Umm... I probably shouldn't do this, but I really regret what I did before. Plus, I'm much more worried about Ami! I sneak up an empty staircase...
???: "Why is someone on suspension here?"
RED ALERT! I slowly turn around.
Kaori: "M-M-Miss Sakai..."
Sayuri: "And without your uniform, no less. Trying to blend in with the other visitors, are you? What a rash plan."
Kaori: "There's a reason I'm doing this...!"
Sayuri: "Pff, a reason? What, you wanted to see Ami because you're worried about her? Come on, tell me I'm wrong."
Sayuri: "Are you some kind of moron? Don't you understand what suspension means? Oh, but knowing how dumb you are you probably don't."
Kaori: "Urgh..."
Miss Sakai is as thorny as ever! I may have gotten used to it, but it still hurts to have things like that said about you!
Sayuri: "...Now, enough with the jokes."
What?! What jokes?!
Sayuri: "Don't you think Ami might be upset seeing you? Can't you ever think of anyone but yourself?"
Sayuri: "Can't you see that patients aren't just here to satisfy your every desire?"
Kaori: "I've never thought that in my life! I'm really worried about Ami..."
Sayuri: "And I'm saying maybe she doesn't need you to worry about her. Did you really not think about the real reason you were suspended and confined to your room? You're such an idiot."
Kaori: "Stop calling me that!"
Sayuri: "What's wrong with calling an idiot an idiot? Actually, idiot doesn't quite describe your stupidity."
Ami: "...Sayurin, who are you talking to?!"
Kaori: "Ami!!"
I can see the blood drain from Ami's face. Miss Sakai steps in front of her as if to protect Ami. Just then...
Sayuri: "Wah...?!"
Miss Sakai loses her footing on the stairs.
Kaori: "Watch out...!"
I reach out to try to grab her, but I end up losing my footing as well, and go tumbling over.
Ami: "Kaorin!!"
As I see the ceiling come into my view, I feel someone catch me in their arms.
???: "No!!"
A shout echoes in my head. That someone that shouts wraps me in their arms and tries to protect me from the fall. Actually, I feel like I've experienced this in the past. Back then, someone important to me protected me... Ten years ago, at the time of my accident, there was a girl who got in between the car and I. I can't remember her face or name, though.
???: "Kaori!"
I hear her voice in my head again. My eyes open very slowly. Right before my eyes is an unconscious Ami. The precious girl who tried to protect me and fell down the stairs with me. Despite her already being so hurt, she still tried to protect me. Oh, she doesn't look too good. She probably isn't eating again. Just then, I hear a voice in my head.
???: "...Goodbye, Kaori."
Kaori: "......"
The voice from my dream...
???: "Now that you're better, you don't need me anymore. I had a lot of fun. Thank you."
Kaori: "...!"
I wanted to call out her name. But I don't know her name. How can I not know how to respond to the sweet girl that calls my name?
???: "Kaori... Take care."
I feel enveloped by something so incredibly warm. But that warmth slowly removes itself from me. It's gone... For some reason, I cry.
???: "This way! Hurry!"
???: "Split the work between available people, and take Ami to her room! Call for a doctor and get a portable x-ray! Put Sawai in an empty bed in 306!"
My conscience fades as the panicked voice of Chief Hatsumi runs through my mind.
====================scr01105.kgo====================
She really reamed me out after that.
Hatsumi: "You come into the hospital without your uniform while you're supposed to be suspended and then cause an injury to a patient?! What the hell were you thinking?!"
I feel so incredibly bad. One fortunate thing in all of this was that neither Ami nor I were hurt....I'm sure it's because that girl in my head protected us.
Hatsumi: "...It may have ended up being a good thing for Ami, though."
Hatsumi: "She had the gall to try to cut a deal with me when I said your suspension would be extended."
Hatsumi: "She said she'd eat all her food if I didn't punish you. I guess all's well that ends well."
Ami: "Kaorin, how are you feeling? Thank you so much for coming to see me even though you were suspended."
Ami: "Chief Hatsumi promised she wouldn't extend your suspension, so tomorrow is your last day. I can't wait to see you the day after that."
Ami: "Miko seems all right, too, and tomorrow she's coming back to room 306. Isn't that great?"
Ami: "I can't wait to see you again. I want to talk with you about so much. From, Ami."
Kaori: "......"
Ami... Today I'm back to work! I should go check on Ami in 306 before heading to the nurses station!
???: "Guess who?"
Someone puts their hands over my eyes from behind. Hehehe, I wonder who would play a trick like this?
Kaori: "Hm, who could it be? Can I have a hint?"
???: "What? Do you really not know it's me?"
Kaori: "Of course I know who it is. I was just messing with you, Ami!"
Ami: "Ahaha! You got me!"
I turn around to see Ami with a big smile on her face.
Kaori: "I'm so sorry for getting you involved in all that trouble..."
She swiftly puts her index finger to my lips.
Ami: "Stop right there!"
Ami: "I'm sorry, too. For hiding things from you and giving you so much attitude... I guess we're even, huh?"
Kaori: "But..."
Ami: "I'm doing my best to eat all my food. I'm trying to face reality...I won't run away anymore. So, I'm leaving the hospital soon."
Ami: "That's why I have a favor to ask you. We can do this later, but...will you listen to my story?"
Kaori: "Yeah, I'd love to!"
Ami: "I'm so happy..."
She's so cute, the way she blushes and smiles. It takes everything I have not to wrap her up in my arms right there.
Hatsumi: "Good morning. Fujisawa and Sawai are back from their suspensions today. Please give them a warm welcome back."
Nagisa: "I realized that I still have a lot to learn. I'm very sorry I was absent for three days."
Kaori: "I feel the same way. I'll work harder than ever from now on. I'm very sorry everyone."
We both bow to everyone.
Yasuko: "I'm gonna wring you girls dry for the three days you missed! You better be ready for it when I come to get ya!"
Everyone laughs.
Hatsumi: "Now, night workers, please exchange duties."
Then, my shift starts just like it always had before.
Kaori: "I-I'm here to change out your IV..."
Sayuri: "...*Sigh*..."
Ugh... She's sighing like that on purpose, I know it. This is so awkward...
Sayuri: "...So?"
Kaori: "Heea?!"
Sayuri: "What are you getting all scared for?! You cause all that commotion and then you can't even tell me anything, the one who took the brunt of it all?!"
Kaori: "...Wait, you want to know what happened?"
Sayuri: ".........!!!"
Whoa! That is the scariest look I've ever seen someone give me!
Kaori: "I-I'm not so sure about all of it, but because we fell down, Ami started feeling better. I'm going to see Ami a little later."
Sayuri: "Hmph."
...I went out of my way to explain things to her and she doesn't even respond.
Sayuri: "I heard the girl that fainted at the concert returned to room 306, by the way."
Kaori: "Yes, Ami told me. I'm glad it didn't turn out to be very serious."
She scoffs in a bored tone.
Sayuri: "I have a message from her. She says because she pushed herself to watch the concert, she built up the courage to undergo her surgery."
Kaori: "Oh?"
Sayuri: "They're going to open up her chest and heart and sew it up. No matter how ready you might think you are, it's only natural to be scared of something like that as a human, right?"
Sayuri: "And she's still only a middle schooler. It's not out of the question to think she'd rather run away than face a surgery like that."
Kaori: "......"
Right... She has a good point. But if that's the case, then what Senpai did wouldn't have been wrong after all... It might be that old saying that every success starts with a failure. Man, being a nurse is hard.
Sayuri: "She also said to arrange another concert for when she gets better. You better tell that to Ami!"
Kaori: "...Yeah! I will."
Why can't Miss Sakai tell her herself? She should be more honest with her feelings.
Sayuri: "Also tell her that I got a lot of courage, too."
Kaori: "No matter how much you don't like seeing her, you should really tell Ami something like that yourself..."
Sayuri: "Y-You don't have to tell me something like that! I'm just giving you more ways to tell Ami she did a good job, you nitwit!"
Kaori: "Excuse me?"
She blushes and abruptly averts her gaze. She seems so different somehow. She's as spiteful as usual with her words, but I can tell she's thinking a lot about me and Ami. After lunch, the patients get a little free time. Work today is comparatively relaxed, and after scarfing down my lunch I go up to see Ami on the roof.
Ami: "The breeze is so nice. Being close to the sky like this makes me realize how close summer is."
Kaori: "Summer... I'll probably be too busy with work to go to the beach or anything."
I stand next to Ami for a moment in silence, staring out at the sea on the horizon.
Ami: "Hey, Kaorin. I'm thinking about going back to school before summer vacation starts."
She sounds determined.
Kaori: "I think that's a good idea."
I tell her casually.
Ami: "Back in March, I got into a huge fight with two of my good friends."
Ami: "I said some awful things in the heat of the moment."
Ami: "When I was admitted into the hospital in April, I was so worried about that."
Kaori: "Oh yeah, weren't you admitted on some kind of chronic stomach pains?"
Ami: "I knew I was just running from my problems."
Ami: "I came to the hospital and all the nurses were nice to me if I was a good girl. It was so comfortable..."
Ami: "Even though you and all the nurses were only being nice because that's your job..."
Kaori: "That's not true, Ami."
Ami: "Huh...?"
Kaori: "It is true that part of the reason is because it's our job, but that's not all. We're nice because we want to be nice."
Kaori: "I also regret one thing... Telling you not to call me big sis."
Kaori: "But now that you're leaving the hospital, I don't think I'll get mad if you call me that. What do you say?"
Ami: "Kaorin..."
Kaori: "Oh, but just you! It's a secret to everybody, okay?"
Ami: "...Okay..."
Kaori: "Especially Miss Sakai, don't tell her! It would be a little intimidating having Miss Sakai call me big sis."
Ami: "...Psh...hahaha!"
I guess the mere thought of Miss Sakai calling me that makes her burst out laughing.
Ami: "Ahaha! That's the funniest thing I've ever heard, Kaorin!"
Her pure laughter mixes with tears, so I hold her tightly in my arms.
Ami: "I've never been very good at being honest. Even my teacher told me to apologize after I said that mean stuff to my friends."
Ami: "She said because the forteleu is a reflection of your heart, if I played for people without coming clean, I'd only make my listeners uncomfortable."
Ami: "That's when I heard my friends say that my playing brought people misfortune and that I was a harbinger of death."
Ami: "It hurt so much... I couldn't even deny it because I was playing in such a terrible mood..."
Kaori: "Did your nephrosis get worse from the stress?"
She nods.
Ami: "Even when my teachers or friends came to visit, I would always run off to the roof or the basement. I didn't want to see anyone."
Ami: "I was totally done with school. All I needed was for you to tell me that you liked my music... That made me so happy."
Kaori: "Well, it's such a cute sound that tries to be mature, like you."
She looks up at me with a smile, but she has tears in her eyes.
Ami: "My friend came to see me recently. She apologized for calling me a harbinger of death behind my back."
Ami: "I wanted to make up, but neither of us would fess up, so we just stood there being annoyed at each other. I figured that even if she apologized now, it wouldn't mean much..."
Ami sighs vaguely, then looks up at me.
Ami: "But the time has come for me to face reality. Surgery, recovery...everyone is fighting their own battle."
Ami: "I have to fight mine, too."
Her eyes are filled with strength. She still looks like a little girl, but Ami is well on her way to becoming a woman.
Ami: "Kaorin... I have a favor to ask you."
Kaori: "What is it?"
The strength in her eyes seems to waver, and she looks away.
Ami: "Please give me the strength to face reality."
I think about it for a moment before taking her slightly trembling shoulders in my arms.
Kaori: "The strength to face reality, to fight..."
I kiss her briefly on the forehead.
Ami: "......"
It takes everything I have in me not to giggle at her pouty lips when she looks up at me.
Kaori: "I don't think so, Ami."
Kaori: "You'll get a kiss on the lips as a reward for trying hard. You're still at the starting line, Ami!"
Ami: "Ugh, you're so mean! You could just hook me up with a little something extra!"
Kaori: "Then I'll rub your head."
Her cheeks flush a deep red.
Ami: "Getting undressed up on the roof is a little too much, huh..."
Kaori: "A-Ami...?"
Ami: "Ahaha! Just kidding!"
She steps away from me with a hearty laugh.
Ami: "Once I get out, I'll make up with my friends, make even more friends, and then I can put on a big concert!"
Ami: "When I do... Please come to watch me, big sister!"
Kaori: "Of course! I'll be there!"
====================scr01111.kgo====================
Nagisa: "Mm, Ami's music is so relaxing!"
Hatsumi: "Yeah. I don't know much about music, but this makes me want to listen to it all day."
Nagisa: "Doesn't it? It's so good that even Sawai stays after an all night shift to hear it."
Kaori: "Of course I do! I'm the one that put the concert together, after all. I'm also Ami's biggest fan."
Sayuri: "...Oh, brother."
Ami's concert ends without a single problem. She bows to the patients that came to see her, then she walks off with a kick in her step.
Ami: "Kaorin! How was my concert?!"
Kaori: "It was awesome! The best I've ever heard, no doubt!"
Nagisa: "Chief, did you see that? Ami ran right up to Sawai!"
Hatsumi: "Hehe, yes I did. I wonder if Ami can't even see us right now."
Nagisa: "Even though we worked so hard on the preparations?"
Sayuri: "I've been watching you for a long time, and I've never seen you work hard."
Nagisa: "Excuse me?!"
Sayuri: "If you don't want to hear that, do your best at work and for plans like this. Don't just half-ass things like you usually do."
Nagisa: "What?! Chief!! Do you hear the kind of things she says to me?!"
Hatsumi: "She hit you where it hurt, did she Fujisawa?"
Nagisa: "Ughhh! Why won't you recognize how hard your employees work, Chief?!"
Senpai pouts, pretending to cry while the Chief smiles. Miss Sakai, nearly on her way out of the hospital, is as vicious with her words as ever. It'd probably be much more chaotic if Yamanouchi were here... Did I say chaotic? I meant fun. Yeah, fun.
Hatsumi: "Miss Asada, thank you for providing some recreation for the patients. They all seem very pleased."
Hatsumi: "Word got around and the audience grew to numbers we didn't expect with the outpatients and surgery people coming in. It wasn't too stressful for you, was it?"
Ami: "Of course not! I'm happy so many people enjoyed my concert!"
Ami leaves the hospital before summer vacation starts, making it back for the last of the first semester just in time. She makes up with her friends, and as she enjoys her student life again, she offers to do another concert. She gathers her friends and teachers during summer vacation and holds a concert after countless hours of intense practice. Word is if she performs well, she'll be able to hold concerts regularly. It started as a concert where only patients from internal would come, but rumors must have spread and a lot of people said they wanted to come. The new Chief of Surgery, Kobayashi, who started working in September was an underclassman of our Chief. And Tokiwa started double duty as the outpatient head nurse, as well. I'm sure they were spreading word.
Nagisa: "Ami, you're so good when it comes down to the wire! I was worried about you at first because of how nervous you were though."
Ami: "Oh, Nagi! Don't remind me!"
She blushes and writhes in embarrassment. Yeah... She was so nervous she spilled her tea, put a wet towel on her head, used the nurses station as a dressing room, and did lots of other meaningless things. But once the concert started, she didn't seem nervous at all! I feel so much more confident in myself just watching Ami play so well!
Hatsumi: "I'd love to have you back some time. Would you be able to do that?"
Ami: "Yes, I can do that! Once you figure out some dates, just let me know! I'll practice a lot more in the meantime!"
Hatsumi: "Thank you, that would be so great. Now, we day shifters have to get the other patients back to their rooms!"
The Chief heads off while the other nurses take the wheelchair-bound patients inside.
Nagisa: "Ami, your concert was great! You've improved since the last time I heard you! I think you're going to keep getting better!"
Ami: "You really think so?! I'd be happy even if you were just trying to flatter me."
Nagisa: "It's not flattery! I should probably get your autograph now while I have the chance!"
Ami: "Hehehe, oh Nagi!"
Kaori: "......"
Urgh, Senpai is such a groupie!
Kaori: "Senpai, shouldn't you be bringing in the other patients like the Chief said?"
Nagisa: "Wha...! Sawai, you're so cold!"
Nagisa: "You're just saying that because you want to be alone with Ami as soon as possible!"
Kaori: "Ugh...! That's not really it!"
Kaori: "The Chief went back inside already, so she's going to yell at you if you don't hurry up!"
Kaori: "I'm just trying to help you not get yelled at anymore."
Nagisa: "I bet you planned to have a night shift the night before the concert just so you could set this all up. Way to mix business and pleasure, Sawai!"
Kaori: "Well... We have to talk about the next concert and stuff, so..."
I end up blushing, as Senpai has hit the nail right on the head.
Ami: "K-Kaorin..."
Ami blushes, too, for some reason.
Nagisa: "Aw, you're so cute. You look like two sisters when you blush together like that."
Two sisters, huh? Ami and I discreetly exchange glances with a smile. After the concert, we celebrate at my apartment. With no alcohol, of course. Ami isn't old enough to drink. I just got off a night shift, so I'm not drinking, either. We sit side by side and have a toast with our juice.
Kaori: "Good work today, Ami."
Ami: "Oh, I should be thanking you!"
We clink our glasses together again.
Ami: "Did you notice what Nagi said about us?"
Kaori: "Yeah, she said we looked just like sisters."
We both giggle.
Ami: "I'm okay with being your little sister, but I'd rather be..."
Kaori: "Rather be what?"
I already know, but I want to tease her a little. She looks so cute when she blushes.
Ami: "Ugh! You're so mean!"
She smacks my shoulder a couple times, but it doesn't hurt at all. She's just playing. I wrap my arms around her as she pouts exaggeratedly.
Kaori: "...You're still only in high school, you know?"
I give her yet another kiss on her forehead, and I can't help but get giddy over that unsatisfied look on her face.
Ami: "...Kaorin..."
Kaori: "No making that face now."
Ami: "I want to have a real kiss with you."
Having someone so young test my self control is very trying, especially when she says things like that. It does make me happy, though.
Kaori: "I do, too, but we decided we'd wait until you graduated, right?"
Ami: "Well yeah, but...!"
Uh oh, she's getting angry. But she looks even cuter when she puffs her cheeks out like that!
Kaori: "Oh, what am I going to do with you, Ami?"
I caress her head, my arm still wrapped around her shoulder. She takes a breath. I think she's a calmed herself a bit.
Ami: "I love it when you touch my head like that."
Kaori: "But it doesn't feel good like it used to, does it?"
When we fell down the stairs and that voice in my dreams disappeared, apparently so did my healing hands. Many of my patients stopped telling me I make them feel better, but...I guess this is how things were supposed to be. I am a little disappointed to find out that my healing hands were just a placebo. I'm worried about that girl that disappeared from my dreams as well.
Ami: "It doesn't feel like it used to, but just knowing you're touching me..."
Kaori: "Hehe, you're such a bad girl."
I run my finger down her cheek, then her neck.
Ami: "Ohhh!"
Kaori: "Hehehe! We can't kiss, but how about something like this?"
Ami: "...It's embarrassing, but when you touch me my heart tingles..."
Kaori: "Hehe, that's a placebo effect. I'm just tickling you a little."
Ami: "That's okay with me. I'm just glad when you touch me."
The way she looks at me with those puppy-dog eyes really tests my self control.
Kaori: "You're always so adorable, Ami."
I hug her tightly and kiss her on the forehead. I'm happy just holding each other like this. We'll take things further when Ami is an adult.
====================scr01121.kgo====================
Work ends, and I go home and take a bath. It should be coming tonight. There it is!
Kaori: "Good evening, Ami."
Ami: "How are you, Kaorin?"
After all that, Ami left the hospital before summer break started and went back to her all girls Sakuradachi High School. Then she made up with her friends and told them about me. Now she really calls me big sister instead of big sis. When she first left the hospital, she was calling almost every day, but nowadays she calls about once a week. Apparently the fact that she liked me is a common occurrence between patients and nurses, and that feeling only lasts for so long. That only makes sense. Now that she's back in the real world, she can't let herself be stuck in her old hospital life. It is a little lonely, though. But to be honest, I think I like being called big sister. Ami talks the whole time as I think to myself.
Ami: "And someone read the secret note I wrote when I wasn't paying attention!"
Ami: "Oh, and someone asked me out today...! I hope you can understand, big sister!"
A chuckle slips out.
Kaori: "I understand how a young girl in love feels."
Ami: "Great! I knew you would have the heart to understand, big sister."
Today's call is mostly about how her crush likes her back. She told me she liked someone not that long ago. Did she even think about how that might make me feel? Well, I guess that's not very mature of me.
Kaori: "Yeah, I know. Your heart beats fast for no reason, and you can't help but think of that person."
Ami: "Exactly! I can't focus on my homework or practice or anything! What am I to do, big sister?!"
Kaori: "...So you called to brag about how in love you are, huh?"
Ami: "Well, you're the only one I can talk to about this stuff! Everyone else just ignores me!"
"Everyone,"
huh...? Ami is nice and used to her school again, and that makes me very happy as her "sister."
Kaori: "I don't really mind, but wouldn't it be more fun to talk about it with your friends at school?"
Ami: "Heh, heh... I actually went to my friend's house after school today and talked about it over drinks!"
Kaori: "Oh, really."
She's as cheeky as ever. First she celebrates with her friends, then she brags about it to me? I guess this means I've been dumped. She is only a high school student, though, so I guess this is for the best. This might be a sign from god himself for me to focus more on work.
Ami: "Ugh, Kaorin! I mean big sister! Are you even listening?!"
Kaori: "Hehehe, I'm listening."
And... It is nice to know your little sister is happily in love, right?
Kaori: "To celebrate your new love, you should bring her over next time. I'd love to meet your girlfriend, Ami."
Ami: "But wouldn't we be intruding?"
Kaori: "Would a girl who called me up just to brag about her girlfriend really care about that?"
Ami: "Ugh, you're so mean, big sister! If you keep being mean, I won't bring her over!"
Kaori: "Now look who's being mean. Tell me, what's she like?"
Ami: "Hehehe... Well, she's..."
She talks about her girlfriend for two hours. I think I'm going to be rubbing the sleep out of my eyes tomorrow at work. This must be one of the struggles of being an older sister. She sounds like a very nice girl, and as her big sister I can only pray for her happiness and try to celebrate for her. Congratulations, Ami. It's fine that she's happy and in love, but soon she's going to have to get serious about her entrance exams, so I'm a little worried about her. Although she should be fine with the way her current grades are. Ami has infinite possibilities waiting for her in the future. I think I'll be happy just watching over her.
====================scr01131.kgo====================
When we fell down the stairs, Ami broke her right wrist. They didn't have enough people in surgery at Yurigahama and there were no orthopedic surgeons on hand, so she was moved to Mizusawa Emergency Medical Center to get surgery on her right hand. Time passes, and it's spring again. Ami transferred from Sakuradachi High School to a local school near her home, and is a senior there now. Her dream is to become a professional forteleu player. There was no telling if she can become a pro, but her broken right wrist will keep it from coming true. She can't play like she used to, so being a normal girl again, she decided to transfer to a normal high school. She tells me she sometimes sees her friends from Sakuradachi in the streets, but she doesn't have anything to talk to them about so it only makes her sad. Seeing as she transferred as a senior and spent most of her student life playing the forteleu, she doesn't have much in common with her classmates and she feels lonelier than ever....I'm the only one that can cure her loneliness.
Ami: "Well, here I am again."
She's wearing a brand new sailor school girl outfit. There on her shoulder is a bag I already know the contents of. Her forteleu.
Kaori: "Welcome, Ami. Come right in."
Ami: "...Sorry for coming over again."
She sets up her forteleu right inside my apartment.
Ami: "My mother always cries when I practice at home..."
Kaori: "Yeah, I know. You can practice as much as you want here."
Ami: "...Thank you."
She may not be able to play like she used to, but she can still play simple songs. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, Ami. I want to say it, but that won't change reality. The rehabilitation helped her move her hand again, but she faces the forteleu with an expression of frustration and pain as she can't play like she used to. Watching her breaks my heart.
Kaori: "......"
But seeing Ami face her painful reality is my punishment. Ami has it so much harder than I do, so I shouldn't cry, but... I wrap my arms around her from behind, not wanting her to see my tears.
Kaori: "......"
She smiles as tears roll down my cheeks.
Ami: "Please don't cry, big sis. I'm still happy, you know."
She seems to have forgiven me, but that doesn't make my guilt feel any lighter.
Kaori: "Ami..."
Ami: "You're the only one that will listen to me play."
Ami: "You're everyone's big sis, but for now, just for now... I can have you to myself."
Kaori: "Yeah... And I can have you all to myself."
I force a smile, and she smiles back at me with eyes full of joy.
Ami: "I love you, big sis... I really do. As long as I have you, I don't need anything else."
Ami: "Big sis, will you only have eyes for me? Will you stay with me forever?"
Kaori: "Of course."
Kaori: "I'll stay around and watch over you forever... I'm your big sister, after all."
I hug her tightly as she smiles. The sad sounds of the forteleu surround us.
====================scr01141.kgo====================
Time to get back! I should go see Ami before I go though.
Kaori: "Good morning Ami."
Ami: "Good morning. Your suspension is over?"
!! What happened to Ami's smile?!
Kaori: "Sorry about everything that happened with Miko. Senpai and I really regret it."
Ami: "...Do you."
Huh, something's not right... We're talking, but Ami doesn't seem to be here in spirit at all.
Kaori: "I realized how inexperienced I was. It was unfortunate what happened this time, but there'll be another chance. I'll plan it all out, so let's do it next time!"
Ami: "......"
Kaori: "I really want to hear you play again."
Ami: "......"
Huh... Something is definitely not right. Has Ami ever smiled like that before?
Hatsumi: "Good morning. Fujisawa and Sawai are back from their suspensions today. Please give them a warm welcome back."
Nagisa: "I realized that I still have a lot to learn. I'm very sorry I was absent for three days."
Kaori: "I feel the same way. I'll work harder than ever from now on. I'm very sorry everyone."
We both bow to everyone.
Yasuko: "I'm gonna wring you girls dry for the three days you missed! You better be ready for it when I come to get ya!"
Everyone laughs.
Hatsumi: "...There's one more thing I need to inform you about before we exchange duties."
I get a bad feeling.
Hatsumi: "This may seem sudden, but Miss Asada will be released from the hospital this afternoon."
Kaori: "!!"
Hatsumi: "We already worked out her food, bill, and other necessary things this morning."
Hatsumi: "Her parents say she will be periodically visiting the hospital as an outpatient, but she may completely change hospitals."
Hatsumi: "So, Fujisawa. I know you just got back, but I need you to write up her summary."
According to the Chief, this morning a request came from Ami's parents to continue her treatment at home. They were already talking about releasing her, so it's no hindrance to her treatment. But...
Ami: "...My forteleu only brings misfortune to people..."
Ami: "Good morning. Your suspension is over?"
Ami: "......"
Ami doesn't smile like that. However...I think Ami is out of my reach. She won't listen to me anymore. All I can do now is hope that her treatment at home goes well.
Kaori: "Ami..."
As Senpai writes up the summary, I do my best to ignore the intense bitterness in my heart.
====================scr01201.kgo====================
...Wait, where am I? In the vast emptiness, across the plain of mysterious darkness, stands a young girl.
???: "That person is suffering a much worse fate than I. I want to help her. You'll be fine on your own, right Kaori?"
Kaori: "...What?"
I'm not sure what she means, but I guess I have to answer. Yeah -- I'll be fine. What... I won't be fine.
Kaori: "Umm... I'm not sure what you mean, but I'll be fine."
I tell her with a smile.
???: "Oh, good..."
She gives me a smile of relief and fades away as she appeared.
Kaori: "What... I don't know. I might not be fine."
I mean, I haven't grown enough to say that I can do anything on my own.
???: "...Oh."
She gives me a look of disappointment before fading away, just as she appeared.
Hatsumi: "Good morning. Let's start the morning reports...is what I want to say, but before that..."
Hatsumi: "Starting today, Sawai will be the nurse in charge of Miss Wakamoto. Everyone, please give her your support."
I go to jot down what the Chief says, but stop when I realize what she's actually saying.
Kaori: "What?"
Nagisa: "Wow, Sawai. Looks like the queen of the wing has taken a liking to you!"
Queen of the wing?
Kaori: "Umm... Is that so?"
Hatsumi: "There's something about her. You should ask her about it yourself, though."
Night Nurse A: "We'll start the morning reports now."
They announce what happened that night before I even get a grasp of what's going on....Huh, no answer. That's weird. I know she doesn't have any special tests to run today, so she should be in her room.
Kaori: "Mayuki...?"
Mayuki: "......"
She is in there. She's watching TV. She must not have heard me knock because she's wearing headphones. I should try a little louder.
Kaori: "Mayuki!"
Mayuki: "!!"
She startles at the sound of my voice. Her angry expression turns into a pleasant one when she turns around and sees me.
Mayuki: "Hey, it's you...!"
Kaori: "I'll be the nurse in charge of you starting today."
Mayuki: "Oh, yes. I asked the head nurse to do that."
Kaori: "R-Really..."
Mayuki: "Oh, and I've been thinking this for a while. You don't have to knock anymore. Treat my room as if it were your own."
Kaori: "Are you sure? But..."
Mayuki: "So that's it for knocking. Now..."
Mayuki returns to her bed with a smile, then pats the mattress right next to her.
Kaori: "What...?"
She wants me to sit down? On the patient's bed?
Mayuki: "You're my nurse now, so let's watch some TV together!"
Kaori: "Wh-What?!"
Watch TV?!
Mayuki: "I don't have to fear my headaches when you're around. Come on, let's watch!"
Watch TV right now? I'm on duty, though.
Kaori: "But if the Chief finds out I was watching TV with a patient..."
Mayuki: "She doesn't have the gall to complain to me. I wouldn't let her anyway. Come on, what do you say?"
Kaori: "Well... I'm not sure..."
Mayuki: "Going against my word, are you?"
Kaori: "Umm..."
As I contemplate what to do, Mayuki's confident expression softens into sadness, until she looks like she's about to cry. Right. She's been in the hospital for so long, she probably needs the recreation.
Kaori: "Oh, all right."
I plop myself down on the bed.
Mayuki: "Hmph. Acting all high and mighty. How impudent!"
Kaori: "I'm the older one here, so I'm allowed to be!"
I pinch her little nose. Actually, I remember pinching my little sister's nose when she called me cheeky.
Mayuki: "Angh?!"
Kaori: "Heh, heh! Let's watch some TV then!"
I sit down next to Mayuki and watch TV. Thinking for a moment that I can't hear it, Mayuki offers me one end of her earphone. Using one pair of earphones between two people... It makes it feel like we're so much closer.
Mayuki: "Patroclus!"
Kaori: "What?!"
A quiz show plays on the TV. Mayuki gets question after question correct. I don't know the answer to a single one.
Mayuki: "Hm? What, have you never read the ‘Iliad’?"
Kaori: "Umm..."
Ohh... I feel like I've heard that name somewhere...but I don't know...
Mayuki: "It's a story about the Trojan War. It's a famous classic that everyone should read at least once. They translated it into Japanese, too."
Kaori: "Oh, really..."
Mayuki seems incredibly smart. All I can remember about the Trojan War is some doctor from medical school using it to make some tasteless pun. The next question comes up as we talk. This time the question is who is the narrator of One Thousand and One Nights... I don't know that!
Mayuki: "Heh, this one's easy."
She looks at me, hoping I'll agree, but...
Kaori: "Umm...?"
Mayuki: "It's Scheherazade, right?"
Kaori: "Schehewho...?"
I look up at the TV and find the contestant answering the same thing Mayuki does. Actually, all the contestants are buzzing in, so it must be a pretty easy question.
Kaori: "Mayuki, that's amazing."
Mayuki: "What?"
Kaori: "You know the answer to every single question. You know so much!"
Mayuki: "You think so? This is like common knowledge. Besides, you have a lot of free time when you're in the hospital."
She lifts her head high. Mayuki is so cute the way she soars when I compliment her. I feel like I hear the door open, and turn to see the Chief peeking inside the room. The smile...actually the entire expression on Mayuki's face disappears.
Mayuki: "......"
Hatsumi: "Oh dear... Sorry to interrupt."
She quickly shuts the door.
Mayuki: "...Hmph, good for nothing..."
Kaori: "What...?"
I can hardly believe my ears for a moment. Good for nothing... Is she talking about the Chief?
Mayuki: "Bosporus strait!"
Mayuki is focused on the TV as if nothing ever happened. Hmm... What's up with her? I know Mayuki hates the Chief, but do they really have that terrible of a relationship?
Kaori: "I'm back."
Hatsumi: "Good work. Looks like you get along nicely with Miss Wakamoto. Good for you."
The Chief tells me with a smile. Her smile seems different right now, though...
Kaori: "Well, I don't know if I'd say we get along yet..."
The image of Mayuki calling the Chief a good for nothing flashes across my mind.
Kaori: "Umm... Did something happen between you and Mayuki, Chief?"
She smirks.
Hatsumi: "Yeah, you could say that. You could also say nothing happened at all."
That sounds like a riddle to me.
Kaori: "What is that supposed to mean...?"
Hatsumi: "You like to ask your questions straight to the point, don't you?"
Now she's laughing at me?!
Hatsumi: "I know of her past, which is why I keep my distance from her. I don't want to repeat the sadness of her past."
Still sounds like a riddle...
Kaori: "The sadness of her past? So something did happen?"
Hatsumi: "Miss Wakamoto will tell you when the time comes. It's not something I have the right to share."
Kaori: "*Sigh*..."
Everything about Mayuki seems to be shrouded in mystery.
Hatsumi: "I need to go to the director's office. If anything happens call me on the extension there."
Yasuko: "Yup, see ya 'round!"
I don't quite understand Mayuki and the things she says. And the Chief is acting so hesitant...
====================scr01202.kgo====================
Wait...           This emptiness again...           Am I having the same dream as before? The girl that appears before me wears a serious expression.
???: "What can I do to save her?"
Kaori: "Save who?"
???: "Hey, what should I do?"
I don't know who ‘she’ is, but I should give her some advice, right? Why don't you ask her yourself? Help her when it's necessary.
Kaori: "Umm... What if you asked her yourself?"
The expression disappears from her face.
???: "If I could do that, I wouldn't have this problem."
Kaori: "Umm... Why don't you watch over her and help her when the time comes?"
???: "......"
She stares at me so intensely I'm not sure what to do.
Kaori: "Umm...?"
Then she smirks.
???: "People can heal their sadness by forgetting. But a wound that time can't heal...don't you think that's terrible?"
Another riddle-esque question. It is. Is it?
Kaori: "It is."
I have to agree. Time heals all wounds... I heard time is the best medicine when you lose someone important to you. Not that I've ever experienced something like that.
Kaori: "It's so sad thinking about the fact that my parents, sister, and friends would mourn my death for so long."
She smiles with a sadness in her eyes before silently disappearing.
Kaori: "Is it?"
I find myself disagreeing with her.
Kaori: "I think it's harder forgetting something you don't want to."
She never says a word, and disappears with a sad smile on her face. I feel uneasiness in my heart. It feels as though I'm forgetting something very important. Something I don't want to forget. What could this feeling be? She told me not to knock, so I walk right in.
Kaori: "Hello..."
Mayuki: "Hi..."
She wears a dark expression as she turns off the TV and removes her earphones. I wonder if she was watching some depressing news story.
Mayuki: "...Have you ever thought you wanted to die?"
How could I know what to say to such a crazy question? She doesn't sound like she's joking, so I should try to answer seriously.
Kaori: "...I've thought about wanting to live before, but never the opposite."
Mayuki: "I see."
Her expression softens.
Mayuki: "They were talking about how suicide is on the rise on the news."
Kaori: "Oh... Right."
Mayuki: "There's no need to rush. Everyone dies some day. What a waste."
Kaori: "......"
She can be so philosophical.
Mayuki: "When a person knows how much longer they have to live, they do everything they can to stay alive."
Mayuki: "Maybe they commit suicide because they don't know how long they have to live."
Kaori: "Mayuki...?"
She makes it sound like she knows how long she has to live. She smiles suddenly.
Mayuki: "Don't you think if you're going to die, you might as well give your healthy organs up to science?"
Kaori: "......"
I don't know what to say. A long time ago, I suffered a terrible accident, but I lived. I heard that someone else's organs were transplanted in order to save me. I can understand wanting someone else's organs when you're on the verge of dying. Actually, if someone hadn't been there to lend me a liver or kidney, I wouldn't be standing here today. The thought sends a shiver down my spine. Thinking about that, I'd want it so badly I could probably taste it. I don't want to die. Should I be saying that to someone as young as Mayuki, though? Plus, this whole topic seems strange to me. How could a girl so young have such a cynical smile? It's like she's aware of life in its entirety.
Mayuki: "I know you just got here, but I'd rather be alone today."
Kaori: "Oh... Okay. Just use the nurse call if you need anything."
Mayuki: "Right."
Sayuri: "......"
Miss Sakai watches my hands intently as I switch out her IV bottle. Ughh... She makes me so nervous...
Kaori: "......"
What Mayuki said to me earlier suddenly pops into my head.
Mayuki: "Don't you think if you're going to die, you might as well give your healthy organs up to science?"
I couldn't say anything about that, but maybe Miss Sakai can?
Kaori: "Umm... May I ask you a question?"
Sayuri: "...Make it short."
Kaori: "They were doing a story on the news about the increase of suicide. Do you think if you're going to die, you should at least donate your healthy organs?"
Sayuri: "......"
She looks disgusted and angry.
Sayuri: "Why would you ask me that? You are the definition of oblivious, aren't you?"
Kaori: "Urgh..."
Oh no... I think I stepped on a landmine this time!
Sayuri: "You've never thought that you wanted to die, have you?"
Kaori: "Ummm..."
I remember wanting to live when I was in critical condition, but I've never thought that I wanted to die. But what does that have to do with anything?
Sayuri: "*Sigh*... Sweet summer child. And you call yourself a nurse?"
Sayuri: "If you thought about it for just a second, you'd be able to see that people who want to die don't think about donating their organs."
Kaori: "......"
I guess that means Miss Sakai has thought about suicide before.
Sayuri: "I hate that hypocritical thought process of yours. Are you just unable to put yourself in other people's shoes when you think of them?"
Sayuri: "That's what makes you a hypocrite, oh kind Miss Sawai."
Kaori: "Urgh..."
A hypocrite...
Sayuri: "If you're done here, could you please leave? I'm getting sick just looking at your face."
Kaori: "Oh, yeah. Sorry..."
A hypocrite...? It hurts, but I can see why she would call me that. I'm curious about Miss Sakai's thoughts of suicide, but... Why did Mayuki say that to me in the first place? I don't think her illness is one that could kill her anytime soon.
====================scr01203.kgo====================
This dream again...        The girl stands there as she always does,        with a sad smile on her face.
???: "Time heals. It blurs even the most vivid memories and softens the sting of sadness."
???: "A long time ago, she was hurt by someone she loved, and she can't heal that wound."
???: "Right now, it's only her sister and you that support her."
I still have no idea who ‘she’ is. Could it be Miss Sakai? Or maybe Ami? I don't know who it is, but if I'm supporting them, I have to do my best. As I make my way to Mayuki's room, a woman in her 50's makes her way out and says something to me.
Woman: "...Thank you for everything you do."
Kaori: "Oh, um... Are you a family member?"
She gives me a placid, yet sad smile.
Woman: "She seems to be to be having so much fun lately. It's all thanks to you, I'm sure."
Kaori: "No, she's just a cheerful girl."
Kaori: "I'm sure she'd be even happier if she had some more friends."
Woman: "You might be right about that."
She lowers her eyes so sadly.
Woman: "I couldn't do anything for her, so I seek forgiveness by coming here, but she seems to suffer even more just seeing me."
Woman: "This may be a lot of trouble for you, but please make it so she can spend her time smiling joyfully."
Kaori: "I'll do my best!"
I watch the woman walk away, her head down, all the way until she enters the stairwell....So she can spend her time smiling joyfully... There are many families who all have their own reasons for doing what they do. I'm sure Mayuki's family is no different. Having a loving family member that comes to check on you like that must be so nice, though. Mayuki has been stuck in bed with a bad fever since early this morning. I've been going back and forth between Mayuki's room and the nurses station all morning.
Mayuki: "*Wheeze*..."
Kaori: "38.5..."
I suddenly remember her records. Mayuki apparently suffers from severe fevers like this occasionally. The records said that antipyretics should be given at 38.5 degrees and above, but it's only been 4 hours since her last dose. I need to go back to the nurses station, report to the Chief, and ask the doctor what to do next.
Kaori: "I'm going to report to the Chief and ask the doctor for advice. Sit tight, Mayuki."
As I go to get up, her small hand grabs me.
Mayuki: "Don't go."
Her eyes, teary from her intense fever, look straight up at me.
Mayuki: "I don't need that useless medicine. Just stay with me."
Her eyes are filled with such apprehension and pain. There's no way I can ignore them. It goes against everything I know as a nurse to let my emotions take control, but I can't bring myself to brush off the little hand clutching the skirt of my white uniform.
Kaori: "Okay. I'll stay here for a little bit."
I sit back down in the chair and put my head up to Mayuki's forehead.
Mayuki: "...Your hand is cold... It feels so nice."
Kaori: "Oh, my hand isn't cold. Your head is just burning."
Mayuki: "Ah, yes... Your hand is usually so warm, isn't it?"
Kaori: "You know, they say people with cold hands have warm hearts. Does that mean I have a cold heart since I have warm hands?"
Mayuki: "Heh... The warmth of your hands only depends on your circulation. This heart people speak of or whatever romantic implications there are simply don't exist."
Kaori: "You think so?"
Huh...?
Mayuki: "You're a nurse, so you should know. I'm sure your basal metabolism is quite high."
As she speaks, I start to feel a little dizzy, but it's nothing, right?
Mayuki: "You may go... I'm feeling much better."
Kaori: "Don't be so modest. You look like you're in a lot of pain."
I'm dizzy again. Maybe Mayuki is right, and I really do have healing hands. Before, I wouldn't have thought either way if I had something like that or not. But right now, I think it would be great to have that. If only my healing hands really could make people feel better. I don't know how it'd work, but I would do it even if it meant that I had to give my vitality to them each time. If only I had real healing hands, Mayuki would feel better.
Mayuki: "I'm fine. Let go of me."
Kaori: "No, it's okay."
I stop her as she tries to sit up and give her a cheerful smile. I remember someone holding my hand like this in the past. "You need to live."
Each time I came to, I would hear those words and feel that gentle touch on my forehead. The memory of it comes back to me so suddenly. I remember how safe and happy it made me feel to have someone by my side. There's no way I could repay them for their kindness, but I'm paying it forward by staying here for Mayuki.
Kaori: "It's okay. This is mostly for me anyways."
Mayuki: "But...!"
My fingers start getting colder. Maybe Mayuki's temperature is rising. Or...
Mayuki: "Kaori!!"
Mayuki calls me by my first name... I think this is the first time she's ever done that...
Mayuki: "You're so stupid. So incredibly, terribly stupid."
She sounds like she's crying. It's okay. I'm just a little dizzy. I want to tell her that, but I can't open my eyes.
Mayuki: "Why would you do this for someone like me...?"
Mayuki caresses my hair as I lie collapsed on the bed next to her. Maybe my healing hands gave her the strength to sit up. I sure hope it did. That's the last thought that runs through my head before I lose consciousness. I slowly open my eyes.
Kaori: "Huh...?"
Is this...the break room? I find the Chief in front of me.
Hatsumi: "We got a call from Miss Wakamoto saying you had fainted on her bed."
Hatsumi: "...Why would you push yourself like that?"
Kaori: "I wasn't pushing myself. All I did was put my hand up to Mayuki's forehead..."
I stop myself when I realize something. Something crosses the back of my mind.
Kaori: "What is it...? What is Mayuki's actual disease?"
Kaori: "Her records only say that she has angina pectoris and that she gets migraines from a lack of oxygen."
Kaori: "But... There's more to it than that, isn't there?"
Hatsumi: "I'm not at liberty to say anything other than for you to not push yourself too much."
Kaori: "What's pushing myself too much? Mayuki says I have it, but do I really have healing hands?"
Hatsumi: "Why would I know something like that about you? Solve your own problems by yourself."
Kaori: "......"
I silently clutch my blanket.
Hatsumi: "You need to get some rest."
She turns around to leave, but continues speaking with her back to me.
Hatsumi: "Just to let you know, I have no right to stop you from looking into the past of our patients."
Hatsumi: "All the old reports are in the filing cabinet in the back of the office."
Kaori: "Th-Thank you!!"
Hatsumi: "Don't thank me. I haven't done anything."
Hatsumi: "I should be happy that my staff members would be so interested in their own jobs as to study their patient's history."
Senpai and Yamanouchi are teaming up for the night shift tonight. I transfer my duties to the night shift, and my shift is over. The dizziness I was feeling is gone as well.
Nagisa: "...Sawai, what are you doing with all those reports?"
Kaori: "Sorry, Senpai. I'll make sure to stay out of the night shift's way."
Yasuko: "Well now, just the fact that a day timer is hangin' around is enough to get in the way, you hear?"
Yasuko: "Well, I can let it slide for you, Sawai. You better 'preciate it!"
Kaori: "I do! Thank you!"
I take my mass of files into the corner of the break room to stay out of the way of the night crew. For the time being, I have until the night crew comes in for their nap at 11:30!!
Kaori: "Huh...?"
I have hospital reports dating back 2 years right now. After reading for a while, I feel something isn't quite right. These reports are only two years old, yet somehow they make Mayuki sound like a high school student. Maybe it's just in my head, though.
Kaori: "...?"
It gets me curious, so I go back 5 years.
Kaori: "Huh...? Eyesight degradation possibly due to typing job...?"
Typing job? Eyesight degradation? This is Mayuki's file, right? This all seems so strange. What could it be? I grab a report one of the doctors has written.
Kaori: "Nngayahh?!"
What the heck are all these scribbles?! There's no way I can read this! Can you even call these things letters?! I know I haven't had a chance to look at too many reports written by doctors, but do they all write this sloppily?! We might not have made the switch yet, but I can see why other hospitals have switched to electronic reports.
Kaori: "Ughhh...! I can't read this at all!"
I give up on the doctor's reports and go back to the strange nurse reports.
====================scr01204.kgo====================
I slowly open my eyes. A girl stands in the nothingness. Oh, this dream again.
???: "Don't worry. If anything happens to you, I'll protect you."
She looks so determined. This girl knows me. But I don't know her.
Kaori: "Who...are you...?"
She disappears with a hollow, sad smile on her lips. Miss Sakai suddenly starts talking as I change out her IV bottle.
Sayuri: "...I've made up my mind."
Kaori: "Wh-What?! About what?"
Surprised, I ask her hesitantly. She turns so me with a strong gaze.
Sayuri: "I'm going to do immunosuppressive therapy. Tell the Chief I'd like to continue my treatment."
Kaori: "......!!"
Immunosuppressive therapy is a double-edged sword. The treatment isn't always effective. Even if it does work, it could trigger another illness years down the road.
Sayuri: "...Hmph. With an expression like that, I see you've done your homework on it."
Kaori: "O-Of course I have. I'm your nurse, Miss Sakai."
Sayuri: "Not if I had a say in it."
Kaori: "Wha...?!"
That hurt. But when I look down, she casts a gentle gaze on me.
Sayuri: "I heard you're Miss Wakamoto's nurse now. I hope that monster toughens you up and teaches you a lot."
Monster...?
Kaori: "What? Mayuki isn't a monster."
Sayuri: "...You really think that people are good, don't you?"
Kaori: "Huh? I'm not sure what you mean."
It's like she's trying to say Mayuki is a bad person. I don't like that. I wonder if Miss Sakai and Mayuki had some words before. It seems like they know each other somehow. I bet Miss Sakai caught an earful when that happened. Knowing her, she probably took Mayuki lightly because she's so young. Mayuki is really smart, after all.
Sayuri: "Oh, my sweet summer child. I can't believe you don't know how scary she can be."
She smiles wryly. I can tell she's making fun of me...but whatever. If that's what makes her feel better, I'll take it.
Kaori: "That's not a bad thing!"
Just like I thought, she gives up with a sigh and sinks back into her bed under the covers.
Sayuri: "*Sigh*..."
This loss is a win in the end! It doesn't feel that great, but oh well. Mayuki's room is a little dim.
Kaori: "You're watching TV with the curtains shut again!"
Mayuki: "...It's too bright."
She complains as soon as I open the curtains.
Kaori: "It's so nice outside, Mayuki. With the sunlight getting stronger, it really feels like summer is coming."
Mayuki: "I'm inside all the time, so what should I care what season it is?"
Kaori: "Even still, you can see the changing scenery from your window, right?"
Kaori: "Plus, there are a lot of people here born in the summer. I might just go broke!"
Mayuki: "Why would you go broke?"
Kaori: "Well, I'm not going to give gifts to people I don't know, but I'm planning on giving close friends birthday presents. Nothing expensive, of course."
Mayuki: "...Really."
Kaori: "You might think it's pathetic for someone my age to get excited about birthdays, but it's fun celebrating."
Mayuki: "Birthdays..."
Kaori: "Isn't your birthday January 29th? We should celebrate next year."
Kaori: "I'll get you a present, so I hope you're looking forward to it. Don't expect too much, though..."
Mayuki: "It's fine."
Kaori: "Yeah, I'm saying I won't be able to bring you such a fine present."
Mayuki: "That's not what I mean. My birthday is an abominable occasion, so I don't need a present."
Kaori: "What? Abominable?"
Mayuki's vocabulary is so big that I barely even know that word. It takes me a second to remember what it means.
Mayuki: "This is just hypothetical, but let's assume the doctor tells you that you will die three years from now on your birthday."
Mayuki: "There's no way to avoid it. So how do you approach your fateful day? Will you celebrate it like any other birthday?"
Another tough question, as usual. So, she's asking me if I would still celebrate my birthday even if I knew it'd be my death day as well? I think about it for a moment, then turn to her with a smile.
Kaori: "I'd celebrate it. My birthday becoming my death day is just an unfortunate outcome, that's all."
Kaori: "At the very least, I'm glad to have been born into this world, and am thankful for my parents for that. That's something to be happy about."
She looks like she isn't sure what to think, then smiles.
Mayuki: "Something to be happy about..."
Kaori: "Sorry, but I went back and read your past reports."
Kaori: "There was a lot I didn't understand, but I could tell that you've gone through some very hard times."
Kaori: "But still... I'm glad I got to meet you. I am...a hypocrite, after all."
Mayuki: "A hypocrite? You?"
She bursts out laughing. I don't understand what's so funny.
Kaori: "M-Mayuki?"
Mayuki: "Then maybe I can ask this hypocrite for a birthday present."
Mayuki: "I don't need you to buy me anything. I just want you to be mine and stay with me until I die."
Hers? As in... Be her head nurse? So she wants me to be her sole nurse, so that only I'd be taking care of her. And until she dies...
Kaori: "Umm..."
I think for a minute before answering her request. What about a one-day maid coupon? Okay -- I'll be your personal nurse.
Kaori: "I'd have to talk to the Chief about that, so how about a one-day maid coupon?"
I can come in on my day off to do whatever Mayuki wants for the whole day.
Mayuki: "My maid? I hope you're not talking about bringing me across the River Styx."
Kaori: "I'm not so sure we're on the same page here, but whatever."
Kaori: "You know what a maid is, right? They wear cute outfits and do whatever you tell them."
Mayuki: "Yes, I know what a maid is. Like a servant, right?"
Kaori: "Servant doesn't conjure such a good image. Maids wear cute outfits and say ‘welcome home, Master.’"
Mayuki: "Ah yes, that seems to be popular nowadays. I see it on TV fairly often."
Mayuki: "That sounds... Nice..."
That's nice, is it? Well, as long as it makes her happy.
Kaori: "Sure, I can be your personal nurse."
She laughs boisterously again.
Mayuki: "Hahaha, you really are a hypocrite! I feel for that young lady."
Kaori: "What...?"
Mayuki: "It was Sayuri that called you a hypocrite, wasn't it?"
How did she know?!
Mayuki: "She's busy relishing in her own misfortune, trying to run away from reality, when all of a sudden someone who thrusts reality in front of her shows up. I can see why she'd be upset."
Mayuki: "She's duller than I thought, though. No matter what you do, you can never run away from yourself."
I'm not sure what Mayuki is saying. But, I can tell she's worried about Miss Sakai. Miss Sakai called Mayuki a monster... I bet it's because she lectured her like this in the past.
Mayuki: "Forget about Sakai. Think about the problem at hand. Who is it that employs you?"
Mayuki: "Unless your employer ordered you to do so, you're in no position as an employee to prioritize one patient so highly."
Kaori: "......"
Mayuki: "I was only joking. Forget about being my personal nurse."
She smiles, but her glare is sharp. She's only a child, so how does she know the ins and outs of society like this? It's like she's an adult... As soon as I leave Mayuki's room, I find someone crouched down outside in the hallway.
Kaori: "A-Ami?!"
I run right over to her. Her face is pale as she clings to the hallway railing for dear life.
Ami: "I'm okay... The pain will go away if I don't move."
Kaori: "But...!!"
I look down at my own hands. If my healing hands can take her pain away... If I can just take a little of her pain away!
Kaori: "Where does it hurt? Your kidneys? Then let me feel your back."
I caress her back gently.
Kaori: "How does it feel? Getting any better?"
Ami: "...Agh...!"
However, her pain doesn't seem to recede like it had before. I've always been able to make patients smile by doing this, ever since I was in medical school! Was my power really just a placebo?!
Kaori: "Why... Why isn't it working?"
Ami: "I-I'm fine... Please go back to work, Kaorin."
Kaori: "I can't leave you like this!"
Please... Please make her pain go away! I rub her back over and over as I pray. There are no nurse call buttons in the hallway, so no one would just happen to walk by. I want to stand her up and get her back to her room, but I'm not even sure if I should get her to move in her state.
Ami: "...Ah..."
She looks up at me and then stands up.
Ami: "I-I'm fine now. I feel a little better...thanks to you!"
Kaori: "Wait, Ami?!"
She clutches the hand rail as she runs off to her room, seemingly scared of something. Thinking it strange, I turn around and find Mayuki poking her head out of her room.
Kaori: "Mayuki..."
I look back and forth to room 306 and Mayuki. It's almost like Ami was afraid of Mayuki... Not long ago they were close enough to visit each other in their rooms... What happened between them? What if Mayuki gets the wrong idea about what Ami just did?
Kaori: "U-Um, Ami was..."
Mayuki: "Don't worry about it. I'm used to being hated. No need to be so upset about it."
She makes it sound like she's not hurt at all. But...
Kaori: "Used to it..."
Mayuki: "Normal people tend to react that way."
Kaori: "...I'm a normal person."
Mayuki: "Oh yeah, that's right."
Kaori: "......"
I find something so strange about what she says. It's like Mayuki thinks we're not normal people. I'm a normal person. Mayuki is normal, too. Does Mayuki not think that?
====================scr01205.kgo====================
Oh... It's this dream again. The girl is smiling so calmly today, though.
???: "You said before that you'd be okay on your own."
???: "I need your help to save her."
Although I don't know who ‘she’ is, I nod in agreement. There's something so incredibly familiar about this girl that appears in my dreams so often. I can't remember her now, but we must have been connected in a previous life. She must have been very important to me.
Kaori: "Okay, I got it!"
Kaori: "Good morning!"
Night Nurse A: "Oh, morning Sawai. The Chief has been waiting for you."
Kaori: "What?"
She eyes the break room, then me. I peek inside and find the Chief and some other day workers.
Kaori: "G-Good morning..."
Why would she be waiting for me? Did I do something wrong again?
Hatsumi: "Good morning, Sawai. Sorry, but we don't need you to work today."
I freeze as I go to put my bag down.
Kaori: "...Huh?"
Hatsumi: "I wasn't told why in detail, but you're to undergo examinations today."
Hatsumi: "There are a lot, so it looks like you'll be busy all day. That's why you won't be working."
Nagisa: "What, just Sawai? I've never had to do those examinations!"
Hatsumi: "Don't you think that's because you didn't have many problems, Fujisawa?"
Nagisa: "So she's doing it because there's something wrong with her?"
Yasuko: "Judgin' from their personalities, I'd reckon Fujisawa has a lot more wrong with her!"
Nagisa: "Hmph! What do you mean by that?!"
Yasuko: "No slackin' for you! Can't you do a little extra work in your adorable junior's place!?"
Nagisa: "Yamanouchi is being mean! Hmph!"
Yasuko: "Quit yer neighin', Horseysawa! Come on, let's go!"
Yamanouchi drags Senpai out of the break room.
Kaori: "......"
Umm... If I'm not working, then there's no need to transfer duties, right?
Hatsumi: "I told you everything you need to know. Here's the schedule of examinations."
She gives me a sheet of paper.
Kaori: "...Umm... Okay..."
...Do these examinations count under my job's benefits? Just like the Chief said, the examinations last until the evening. The CT/MRI ended relatively soon, but the electroencephalographic examination lasted forever! After they put the nodes on me and took all sorts of information, they said they wanted to examine my brainwaves while I slept, too. Thanks to the meds they had me on during the examinations, my head is still all fuzzy. For the time being, I go and tell everyone in the nurses station that my examinations are over, then meander over to Mayuki's room.
Kaori: "...Huh?"
The door...is ajar? When I open the door, all I hear is massive shouting!
Mayuki: "Yeah, I bet! You don't care at all!"
Mayuki: "You don't understand how I feel at all! If there's even a slight chance, I want to take it!"
???: "And what's going to happen if it fails?! Are you going to take responsibility?!"
That voice! Mayuki is arguing with...the Chief?
Hatsumi: "I know that you're trying to use her healing hands. This is as far as I'm willing to go, though. No more."
Hatsumi: "I'm not going to expose my employee to danger anymore, even if it's a direct order from the Chief Director!"
Her employee... That's me, right? Expose me to danger? I suddenly remember the little girl from my dream. Now I finally get it. That girl wanted to help Mayuki. And what about me? I ask myself. Do I want to help Mayuki with my healing hands even if it means chipping away at my own life? Yes. I do...but I can't.
Kaori: "......"
I do want to help her! Even if it means my healing hands disappear. Even if it's really hard! If my ability can help someone's illness...! I take a step inside.
Mayuki: "You...!"
The Chief abruptly turns around when she sees Mayuki notices me.
Hatsumi: "Sawai! How long have you been there...?!"
Kaori: "I...I want to help Mayuki."
Hatsumi: "Don't take this so lightly! No one knows if it can succeed or not! If it fails..."
Kaori: "I have to admit, I didn't fully believe in my own healing hands."
Kaori: "But, if I really have the ability, it should be used to help people."
Kaori: "If there's a way, as a nurse and a human being, I think they should be helped, just like I was helped in the past!"
Hatsumi: "Sawai..."
The girl from my dreams suddenly crosses my mind.
???: "Kaori..."
She's happy. I made the right decision.
Kaori: "If it fails, then it fails. It would just mean I don't have the ability to help people."
Kaori: "A newbie like me should be scolded for being so audacious as to assume she could help someone anyway."
Kaori: "No matter what happens, it's my decision. I take full responsibility for my own actions."
Hatsumi: "......"
A tear slides down the Chief's cheek. Why is she crying?
Kaori: "...Don't cry, sis..."
I only realize it after I say it. I felt the same way during my entrance ceremony into the hospital. Why does the Chief bring back so many memories for me?
Hatsumi: "Since when was I your sister?"
Kaori: "S-Sorry!"
I quickly bow to her.
Hatsumi: "Sorry about losing my composure. The results of the tests you took will be ready next week."
Hatsumi: "I'm not sure what the treatment might involve, but I'll try to make sure it's as convenient as possible for you."
The Chief turns to Mayuki as she puts her hand on the doorknob, just before she leaves.
Hatsumi: "Sawai is a very important employee to me. Please, don't forget that."
Mayuki: "You don't need to tell me that."
I'm so confused just listening to them. It's almost like Mayuki is in a higher position than the Chief. Without saying another word, the Chief leaves the room.
Kaori: "Umm...Mayuki?"
Mayuki: "Forgive me, but could you leave me alone for now?"
Kaori: "Oh, sure..."
She falls into deep contemplation, and I can't say anything else to her.
Kaori: "I'm on your side, Mayuki."
Mayuki: "......"
Kaori: "......"
I want to help her. But what can I do? The Chief and Mayuki are fighting inside, but I close the door. Just then, beside me, I see the smiling girl from my dreams.
???: "It's okay... I can do this by myself."
Kaori: "What?"
???: "Thank you for everything, Kaori."
That's all she says before disappearing. When I get back to my room, I think back on the day. All the examinations I didn't understand, Mayuki and the Chief fighting... There was so much I didn't understand, including my own healing hands. I'm so confused. I want to talk to Senpai about all this, but I have no idea how to explain everything.
Kaori: "Eeeek!!"
I snatch up my phone....It's the hospital?
Kaori: "Hello, this is Sawai speaking."
Hatsumi: "Sorry to call you off-hours. It's Otsuka."
Kaori: "Chief, is everything okay?"
Something about her voice sounds urgent.
Hatsumi: "Miss Wakamoto has gone missing. Do you have any idea where she might have gone?"
Kaori: "Sh-She's gone?"
I never spoke with Mayuki about anything like that. Actually, we spoke about a lot, but the only things I know about her are what are written in the records!
Hatsumi: "If you don't know, I guess it can't be helped. Thank you--"
Kaori: "Wait! I'll look for her, too!"
Hatsumi: "Honestly, that would help, but she has a lot of money. She might have gone somewhere very far away."
Hatsumi: "If she took a plane somewhere there's no way we could find her on our own."
Kaori: "B-But..."
Hatsumi: "We're going to search around the hospital, but we'll also report it to the police."
Hatsumi: "If you don't forget about the fact that you have work tomorrow, I would appreciate it if you searched around your area as well."
Kaori: "I will! If I find her, I'll call you immediately!"
Hatsumi: "Please do."
It looks like it's about to rain outside. As soon as I get outside to the crosswalk, I see a familiar, small figure.
Kaori: "Mayuki!"
Mayuki: "......"
She looks up at me, expressionless. The first thing I feel is relief. The next thing I feel is...
Kaori: "You idiot!"
Mayuki: "......!"
Kaori: "Do you know how worried you made us?! Me, the Chief, the night workers?! They even went to the police!"
Kaori: "Why did you leave the hospital like that?!"
Mayuki: "...You were...worried about me?"
Kaori: "Of course I was! I couldn't sit still thinking I might never get to see you again!"
I embrace her tightly in my arms. That warmth I thought I might never feel again is safe in my arms. It's so incredibly dear to me...
Kaori: "...I'm so happy... I'm so glad you're okay!"
Mayuki: "......"
She silently hugs me back. Her thin arms and small shoulders. I don't know what kind of burden she bears, but if she'll let me, I'd love to share the burden with her.
Kaori: "Let's go back to the hospital."
When I look into her eyes, I find her staring right back into mine, which is a bit unusual, but she quickly averts her gaze.
Mayuki: "......"
Kaori: "You don't want to go back?"
Mayuki: "That place...is a prison."
Kaori: "......"
I hesitate for a moment, but take out my phone. Her expression of defeat stings my heart.
Kaori: "This is Sawai from internal medicine. Please put me through to that ward."
Mayuki: "......"
Kaori: "Chief Otsuka? It's Sawai. I have Mayuki with me."
Mayuki bites her lip.
Kaori: "Yes, she's fine. She must have fallen somewhere, and her clothes are all wet..."
That's a lie. Mayuki notices and looks up at me.
Kaori: "My room is closer than the hospital, so I'll have her stay at my place for the night and bring her back to the hospital tomorrow."
Mayuki: "......!"
I smile at her as she stares at me, more wide-eyed than I've ever seen her, and I nod to her. Mayuki isn't wet or dirty at all. I just figured it'd be a good excuse for her to stay at my place. How could I send Mayuki back to the hospital when she looks at me like that?
Kaori: "She might be more willing to explain everything to me in a place besides the hospital, so..."
Kaori: "...Yes, I understand. I won't let you down, Chief."
We talk for a little longer, then I hang up the phone.
Kaori: "Now, shall we go?"
I put away my phone and reach out to Mayuki.
Mayuki: "...To where?"
Kaori: "To my place... Well, my apartment in the dorm."
Mayuki: "...Are you sure I can go, too?"
Her eyes, wavering with uncertainty, stare up at me.
Kaori: "I'd be glad to have you over. I still haven't finished unpacking and it's virtually empty in there, so it's a little embarrassing, but..."
Mayuki: "What about the hospital...?"
Kaori: "The Chief will take care of it! She's definitely going to yell at me, though, so apologize with me when we go back tomorrow, okay?"
Mayuki: "......"
Mayuki very hesitantly reaches out to take my hand. With her tiny hand in mine, we walk together back the way I came by myself. It feels so strange having Mayuki in my apartment. That Mayuki I know so well from the hospital sits silently inside.
Kaori: "There's not much here, but try to make yourself at home."
I give her a cup of tea and some cookies I bought on the way back. Suddenly, Mayuki looks up at me with a serious expression.
Mayuki: "...There's something I need to tell you."
Kaori: "What is it?"
It sounds pretty serious, which makes me start to get nervous. After hesitating several times, she finally begins to speak.
Mayuki: "...You may not believe this, but I'm actually 45 years old."
Kaori: "......"
I freeze, unsure of what she actually means.
Kaori: "S-Sorry... Umm... I know this isn't really the time for jokes, so..."
If that were true, she'd be older than my own mother.
Mayuki: "No, it's fine. It's only natural for you to have that kind of reaction."
Mayuki: "I wouldn't believe it either, if it weren't happening to me."
She grins. It's such a mature, self-ridiculing grin.
Mayuki: "Normal people age with each passing year. However, I grow younger by 4 years each revolution of the earth around the sun."
Mayuki: "It's still a mystery to everyone as to why that happens."
I suddenly remember the Chief using very polite language with Mayuki. I'm not saying I don't believe it, but thinking about her knowledge and the way the other nurses treat her... I think I have to believe it.
Mayuki: "When it first started, I looked in the mirror and couldn't have been happier, but..."
Mayuki: "...But it wasn't that simple. Getting younger and younger makes it terribly difficult to hold down a job in public."
Her job...? Didn't her past reports say something about degenerative eyesight?
Mayuki: "There's a limit to how much you can hide with makeup. Even the one I love can't stand to see me any longer. You can't hide things like this from women."
Mayuki: "The one I loved so long ago saw me as a monster and ended things with me. It was...so hard..."
Kaori: "......"
Mayuki: "The Chief Director... The Director back then, was researching hidden powers within people at another institution. I heard they experimented on young children, even."
Mayuki: "When research started on my rare disease, I remember a pair of sisters being worked on suffered an unfortunate accident, and the younger sister died."
Kaori: "An unfortunate accident?"
Mayuki: "Of course I couldn't ask what kind of experiment it was."
Mayuki: "I may be over thinking things, but I found myself thinking that it could have been a sacrifice in the research of my own rare disease."
Mayuki: "However, with the younger sister dying and the older sister not a good research specimen, the research was aborted and the facility was shut down."
Kaori: "Then you're..."
Mayuki: "The Chief Director did all she could for me."
Mayuki: "In order for me to stay out of society's sight, she built a brand new hospital here in Yurigahama."
Mayuki: "It was a hideout of sorts so that I would never be subject to experimentation again. It was also a prison I couldn't escape from."
Kaori: "...A prison..."
Mayuki chuckles.
Mayuki: "I had given up. I have 3 years left. On my birthday 3 years from now, I will die."
Mayuki: "I planned on leaving all of my belongings and money to the sister I caused so much pain to, because of this rare disease I suffer from."
Mayuki: "But when I saw the power you have, I thought to myself that there still might be a chance."
Kaori: "...My healing hands?"
Mayuki: "Yes. With your power, I might not have to die."
Mayuki: "Maybe it will help me relinquish this curse of youth!"
Kaori: "......"
I listen to her silently. She clenches her fists tightly, looking like she's about to cry.
Mayuki: "I wish...you were a more deplorable person."
Mayuki: "If only you were a horrid person I could use to avoid my own death sentence, then it wouldn't hurt me so badly..."
Kaori: "But I...!"
I try to argue back, but she puts her finger to my lips.
Mayuki: "Don't say a word. The thought is more than enough, Kaori."
Mayuki smiles vaguely.
Mayuki: "I like you, Kaori. That's why there's no way I could ever use you like that."
Mayuki: "Being with you for the same, brief period of time may just be dream I was having."
Kaori: "...No, it's not...!"
Mayuki: "It's late now, and you have work tomorrow. You're a nurse, and I'm not your only patient."
Kaori: "But...!"
Her hand suddenly shoots up in front of my eyes. Before I lose sight of everything, I see a tear drip down Mayuki's cheek.
Mayuki: "You don't need to concern yourself with this. Things happened this way because I got this strange disease, and that's fate."
Mayuki: "I am simply a pawn to my own fate. No responsibility falls on you."
I find myself shaking away her hand as she talks so calmly and coolly about it.
Kaori: "I like you, too, you know! I like you, too, Mayuki!"
I scream at her.
====================scr01211.kgo====================
The next thing I notice, I'm in a completely empty world.        Is this that dream I always have? That girl is standing before me, with Mayuki by her side.
Mayuki: "Things are fine this way. I don't need treatment."
Mayuki: "I'll be happy spending my remaining time with the one I fell in love with."
???: "No, Mayuki! You have to say what it is you really want!"
Mayuki: "But...!"
???: "You can't just think it! If you don't say what you feel, the other person can't know!"
Mayuki: "But how can I say that! I only have 3 more years to live!"
Kaori: "Mayuki..."
I gently place my hand on her shoulder. I want to let her know that I'm right here.
Mayuki: "So you're saying I can want this? Wanting something I can never have isn't a sin...?"
???: "It's fine, Mayuki... There's nothing wrong with wanting something."
???: "Besides, you suffered so much, I'm sure a little selfishness on your part will be forgiven!"
Mayuki's shoulders begin to shiver.
Mayuki: "I want to live... I don't want to die... I want to live for much longer."
Mayuki: "I don't want my decrepit body to waste away! I don't want to be in a position where I can't attend my parent's funerals or watch my sister grow old!"
???: "Yes, that's good, Mayuki."
The girl smiles, then disappears. I hear a voice somewhere.
???: "I'm leaving forever now, Kaori. Please take care of Mayuki."
Kaori: "...You...!"
I try to call out her name. The name I nearly remember, but never can. I come to, and I'm back in my apartment. The girl's voice... Hazuki's voice is still in my ears.
Kaori: "Hazuki..."
Why did I forget? We were so close before.
Mayuki: "Kaori..."
Mayuki clutches my pajama pants.
Mayuki: "Hazuki disappeared instead of me."
A silent tear runs down Mayuki's cheek. Hazuki disappeared in place of Mayuki...
Kaori: "So that wasn't just any dream..."
I'm not sure what Hazuki did exactly... All I know is that Mayuki's disease has been cured. She smiles, looking so relieved.
Mayuki: "You have work tomorrow. We should sleep."
Kaori: "But..."
I start to worry that Mayuki might be gone when I wake up in the morning.
Mayuki: "Don't make that face. I'm already..."
She stops suddenly and gives me a bright smile.
Mayuki: "I'm already prepared for death, because I can spend the rest of my time with you."
You both go to the hospital the next morning. As I go to walk by the nurses station, I see the Chief standing there.
Kaori: "Ch-Chief!"
Hatsumi: "......"
She looks like she's about to cry. But she fights the tears back and smiles at us.
Hatsumi: "You don't have to say anything. Isn't it great that Miss Wakamoto is better now?"
I really thought she was going to yell at me for letting Mayuki sleep at my place, so I have to say I'm a little disappointed. But...
Kaori: "Chief, how do you know that?"
She knows that Mayuki's disease is better? The Chief smiles vaguely as she stands there, not answering. I guess I shouldn't have asked that.
Mayuki: "I owe a lot to you, Hatsumi. I really took my frustrations out on you."
Hatsumi: "Did you? I can't seem to remember that far back."
They both smile. I don't have enough time under my belt to get in between these two. Even me, someone who's usually pretty slow, can tell that no amount of strong emotion alone is enough to get you through that.
Hatsumi: "Well, work is about to start, so get in the nurses station, Sawai. Miss Wakamoto, please return to your room."
Hatsumi: "I had the night worker submit a permission of overnight stay last night."
Hatsumi: "I'll have Sawai bring it to your room later, so please sign it."
She turns around, and I just have to ask her something.
Kaori: "Ch-Chief, who is that Hazuki girl that was inside me?!"
She starts, then turns around to face me.
Hatsumi: "...Why would you ask me that?"
Kaori: "I just figured you might know..."
The Chief thinks for a moment, then gives me a smile I can't quite read.
Hatsumi: "I'm just the Chief Nurse of Yurigahama General Hospital's internal medicine ward. No more, no less."
Kaori: "R-Right..."
I put my hands together and put them against my chest. I try to take some deep breaths, but nothing changes. I'm all alone now. My best friend Hazuki is gone...
Hatsumi: "What are you doing, Sawai? We need to start transferring duties."
Mayuki: "Hatsumi, you'll get wrinkles if you're always so angry."
Hatsumi: "Please be quiet, Miss Wakamoto!"
I watch the angry Chief head back into the nurses station, then share a smile with Mayuki.
Kaori: "I'll see you later, Mayuki."
Mayuki: "Sure, I'll be waiting for you."
====================scr01212.kgo====================
Mayuki gets out of the hospital soon after that, and while living with what looks like her older sister, she goes to middle school. Of course she doesn't need to go back to school, but apparently she wants to start her life over. A lot of people worked to set it up, and she was able to enter middle school, but......Middle school is still part of mandatory education. I wonder what her personal records are like. However, I decide it better not to ask questions and just accept the fact that she's going to middle school. It's important to let the little things slide! Sometimes, she comes to my dorm after work. Just like this.
Mayuki: "Is this that maid play you were talking about?"
Kaori: "How would you like to sit on my nice, fluffy skirt?"
Mayuki: "Hm, sounds good to me."
We snicker at each other.
Kaori: "Anyway, what about school? Is it fun?"
Mayuki: "It's despicable."
Kaori: "...Not this again..."
Mayuki: "I already know everything they talk about in class, so it couldn't be more boring. The teacher just reads from the textbook. I'd rather listen to a tape recording."
Man, all she does is complain. I feel bad for the teacher.
Mayuki: "It's not so bad being surrounded by young people while studying, though. Every day is very stimulating."
Kaori: "You know, Miss Wakamoto... I mean little miss... You're one of those young people, too."
She giggles. It's such a strange giggle. Part child, part adult.
Mayuki: "Oh yeah. I received a love letter yesterday. It made me feel like times haven't really changed that much."
Kaori: "A love letter?"
Urgh! Is she trying to make me jealous?!
Mayuki: "I turned them down, because someone already has my heart. They ended up crying, it was a mess."
Kaori: "......"
Mayuki: "What's wrong, Kaori? Are you jealous?"
Kaori: "No."
Mayuki looks up at me like she doesn't believe me.
Mayuki: "What about if the person asked for just a kiss if I was going to refuse?"
What?!
Kaori: "...Did you kiss them?"
Mayuki: "Hmph. If you were jealous, you should have just said so."
Mayuki: "I don't plan on letting anyone but you have these lips. Don't you feel the same way?"
Kaori: "Yes... I only want you to have my lips, little miss..."
If we kiss, I might not be able to stop...
Mayuki: "I'll be with you forever. You need to think the same way."
Kaori: "...Mmm..."
Mayuki is always so commanding.
Mayuki: "Let's spend time together... This time I'll be able to attend my beloved's funeral..."
Kaori: "......"
Her beloved's funeral... So she expects me to die? Well, I know I'm not going to live forever...
Mayuki: "Don't make that pathetic face. It's a matter of averages that you should die before me. I'll just be alive to see you off, that's all."
Kaori: "I understand that, but..."
How could she bring up something like my funeral when we're having so much fun?
Mayuki: "There is a possibility I'll go first. However, I do not wish the sadness of seeing their beloved go on anyone but myself."
Mayuki: "I'm used to being left behind. All I want is to be able to say my final goodbye at the funeral."
Kaori: "M-Mayuki..."
Her words pull so tightly at my heartstrings. I suddenly understand. Right... Mayuki stepped away from society because of her reverse aging disease. While she was away, her parents died and she couldn't attend the funerals. I wonder if she blamed herself for falling ill to this disease that rendered her to isolation, unable to partake in her own parents' funerals. If we're talking about averages, the next to go would be Mayuki's sister. Can Mayuki really go through so much more pain, though? Can I really allow myself to die before Mayuki, even after her own sister inevitably dies before her?
Mayuki: "You're such a fool. My illness has been cured. No need for you to look so pathetically sad."
She kisses me on the cheek, and it's only then that I notice I'm crying.
Kaori: "I'll take care of you."
Mayuki takes a deep breath.
Kaori: "I can't bear to see you in any more pain."
Kaori: "I'll stay by your side, even when I get really old, and live longer than you."
Kaori: "I'm going to live as long as I can so that you don't have to suffer the pain of being left behind again. So..."
Kaori: "...So don't leave me, even when I become an old woman before you, okay?"
I hope she understands how I really feel.
Mayuki: "Don't take me for a fool. Don't you know how long I've lived? I'm not the type to be turned off by a simple change in appearance of the one I love."
Mayuki: "No matter how wrinkly, boney, or dusty you get, my feelings for you won't change."
Kaori: "Mayuki..."
She smiles.
Mayuki: "You get it now? Let's kiss more. I love your kisses."
I smile back at her and kiss her.
Kaori: "...You only like my kisses?"
Mayuki: "Of course not. I love everything about you."
We kiss over and over again. I kiss her forehead, her cheek, eyes, her nose. Her lips, too, of course.
Mayuki: "Your kisses feel so good... They make me feel like I'm floating on a cloud."
Hearing that makes me want to keep kissing her forever.
Kaori: "I'll make you feel even better. I may not have my healing hands anymore, but I can still make you feel good, okay?"
Mayuki: "I don't need healing hands. All I need is you."
Kaori: "Right. I love you, Mayuki."
We completely forget about the maid cosplay as we lose ourselves in our long, deep kiss. I kiss Mayuki over and over, only wanting to heal the pain she's experienced over all her years. I know we'll have more time to play maid and kiss in the future, but I'm so happy doing this, I just can't let her go. The countless kisses we share turn into a sweet sensation, and as I pray for this feeling to paint over all the terrible memories...
====================scr01221.kgo====================
The next thing I notice, I'm in a world of nothingness.      Is this that dream I always have? That girl and Mayuki stand side by side. She looks at me with a big smile. Then, she disappears into Mayuki's body. It's the girl that I always saw in my dream. I was just starting to feel close to her, so I can't hide my shock when she disappears. I want to call her name so badly, but I can't remember it. Even after all those times she called me by my name!!
Kaori: "...You!!"
How could I not even be able to call out her name?! Suddenly I feel like I hear a voice in my head that says, "Don't worry about me, Kaori."
I scream, trying so hard to remember her name that's just on the tip of my tongue. I slowly open my eyes, and I'm back in my apartment. The tears I suddenly find on my cheek might draw Mayuki's attention, so I wipe them away. However, Mayuki is crying right in front of me for some reason.
Kaori: "Mayuki...?"
Mayuki: "...It didn't work..."
Kaori: "What...?"
Mayuki: "Even with Hazuki's powers, my illness couldn't be cured."
Hazuki! That girl's name was Hazuki!
Kaori: "That can't be...!"
Mayuki: "I'm sorry... I caused you...and Hazuki...so much pain."
Kaori: "That... That's not true!!"
Mayuki scoffs and smirks. Hazuki, the girl from my dreams, was my best friend when I was a little girl. How could I have forgotten my best friend's name for so long?
Mayuki: "Now, let's really go to sleep."
The next day, we go to the hospital. The Chief greets me with a sad smile, looking like she already understands everything.
Kaori: "U-Umm, Chief..."
Hatsumi: "It's fine. It's fine... We avoided the worst possible outcome. That's good enough."
A tear drips down her cheek. There's nothing I can say, so I take Mayuki back to her hospital room.
Mayuki: "I'm going to keep getting younger, like I always have, and die 3 years from now."
Kaori: "Don't worry, I'll be with you until the very end!"
She smiles with a pristine calmness in her eyes.
Mayuki: "This must be my punishment for trying to use someone's powers."
Kaori: "What else could you do?! Everyone has the right to be happy!"
Mayuki: "The right... People who say they have the right need to carry out their obligations."
Mayuki: "I don't think I've done my best to live up to this point."
Kaori: "Mayuki...!"
I can't stand to hear anymore, so I wrap her up tightly in my arms. The Chief tells me I can take the rest of the day off. Thank goodness for that, because I didn't get to sleep much last night. Then...
Nagisa: "Cheer up, Sawai..."
Senpai tries to console me up on the roof.
Nagisa: "I know it must be disappointing to have to be separated from Miss Wakamoto even though you just got close with her."
Nagisa: "But now she's going to get the newest treatment overseas, so everything worked out in the end, right?"
Kaori: "......"
In the one day that I didn't come into work, Mayuki left Yurigahama Central Hospital. Apparently the Chief explained to everyone that she'd be going overseas to get the latest treatment. But...
Kaori: "...Right."
I'm pretty sure she wanted to go and die in a land where no one knew her. I can't hear the voice anymore. I can't hear anything. She told me she loved me, then kicked me to the curb and left. The only thing she took with her was the fact that I loved her, too. Now, she's somewhere I'll never be able to reach her.
Nagisa: "Sawai, don't cry..."
Kaori: "I'm not crying..."
I know we can meet again. I have to become a proper woman for Mayuki when she gets back after her treatment is a success. I don't have time to cry. As that thought repeats in my head, I look up.
====================scr01231.kgo====================
I head into work as usual, and walk into Mayuki's room as part of my normal routine.
Kaori: "Mayuki! Wait, what?"
The familiar scene of Mayuki on her bed isn't there today. Instead, I find a little baby on its back, clutching its little fists as it looks up at the ceiling.
Kaori: "......?"
For just a split second, I feel like I see a translucent figure of a girl sitting next to the baby. It's the girl that always shows up in my dreams.
???: "I'm sorry, Kaori. I didn't have the power to heal Mayuki completely."
Kaori: "...Wait, this baby is Mayuki?!"
I can't believe it. I stare wide-eyed down at the baby.
???: "It took everything I had just to keep her alive. Please take care of the rest."
Kaori: "Take care of the rest...?"
???: "I'm sorry, Kaori... I'm..."
She disappears in a wisp of fog.
???: "...Please, take care of Mayuki..."
All that's left is Mayuki, who for some reason is a baby.
Kaori: "......"
I stand there, unsure what to say.
Mayuki: "Dah..."
Her innocent, little eyes look up at me as she reaches out.
Kaori: "M-Mayuki...?"
I take her tiny hand, then lightly pinch her cheek. She smiles and laughs so joyfully. I pick her up and hold her in my arms. She looks up at me, smiling like a little angel. Her pure, innocent smile has so much of Mayuki in it.
Kaori: "So this is Mayuki's true smile..."
I hold her tightly, but not too tight.
Kaori: "It's okay. I'll be with you to the very end, Mayuki. So that you'll always be smiling."
====================scr01241.kgo====================
Kaori: "Umm, what's next..."
Someone wraps their arms around my back as I try to decide what to do next.
Kaori: "Hyahn?!"
There's only one person who would do this!
Ami: "Hey, Kaorin! Will you give me that massage you were talking about?!"
I knew it was Ami.
Kaori: "Ugh, I guess so... Could you get off my back first?"
Ami: "Hehe, sure thing!"
Ami undoes her pajamas and lies on her bed.
Kaori: "...Okay, are you ready?"
Ami: "Sure... Go ahead."
Seeing as the bed is shut off by the surrounding curtains, it feels like we're doing something so naughty...
Ami: "Huh...?"
She sounds confused all of a sudden.
Kaori: "What's wrong?"
Ami: "Mmm... Nothing's wrong, really..."
Kaori: "?"
Ami: "Hmm... Something's just not quite right."
She gives me a confused look.
Kaori: "What's the matter?"
Ami: "Umm, I'm not sure, but it just feels different."
Kaori: "It feels different?"
Ami: "It used to feel nice and warm when you touched me, but I don't feel anything anymore."
Kaori: "......"
I stare down at my hands. They don't look any different from normal.
Kaori: "I told you it was just a placebo effect, didn't I?"
Ami: "Is it really, though?"
She looks puzzled as she puts back on her pajamas. Looks like she doesn't need a massage anymore.
Kaori: "Hello! How are you today?"
Mayuki: "......"
This is weird, Mayuki is acting strange. Her brow is furrowed and she's...glaring at me?
Kaori: "M-Mayuki, you're scaring me..."
Mayuki: "Why are you here?"
Kaori: "Umm... What?"
Mayuki: "I guess you won't understand unless I tell it to you straight."
Mayuki: "I have no need for you now that your healing hands don't work. Get lost."
Kaori: "!!"
Kaori: "...Ungh... *sob*..."
She said she doesn't need me anymore... I remember her telling me that all she wanted from me were my healing hands, but......I guess I just thought that she liked me... I can't stop crying...
Hatsumi: "...I told you Miss Wakamoto was a difficult patient."
Kaori: "Chief...?"
Hatsumi: "You lost a lot."
I look up at the Chief, who looks angry, but seems to be fighting off sadness at the same time.
Hatsumi: "This is too much for you, so I have to forbid you from seeing Miss Wakamoto again. Got it?"
Kaori: "Y-Yes..."
I'm not allowed to see Mayuki anymore... I won't ever see her again...
Hatsumi: "How long are you going to stand there crying? You're on the clock, so go wash your face and get back to work."
She turns and leaves without saying another word.
Kaori: "......"
I wipe the tears from my eyes with the back of my hands and get up. I'm a nurse. I have no time to cry while I'm on duty. I'm sad that I won't be able to see Mayuki again, but I have to use this experience to better myself in the future. I have to make sure I never get rejected from another patient again!
