*It's currently sometime in late August. Summer break is winding down, but the oppressive summer heat doesn't seem to be going anywhere.*
*It's so awful it gets above 95 some days. And what's worse, it isn't much better at night.*
*Today happens to be one of those. I'm almost dying out here.*
? ? ?: *sigh*
*It's too damned hot. I can't focus.*
? ? ?: Levy Six.
Levy 6: ......
? ? ?: Levy Six?
Levy 6: ......
? ? ?: *sigh* Satoru-kun?
Satoru: Please stick to my code name, Levy Nine... Calling me by my real name out here on the job just feels weird.
Levy 9: So, can you tell me why you were ignoring me since I now know you heard me loud and clear the first time...
Levy 6: Nah, I wasn't ignoring you.
Levy 6: This heat's just... doing things to my head. *sigh* God, I'm burning up.
*I grab my collar and start fanning myself.*
*But, unfortunately fanning in this humid air does nothing to cool me off.*
*If only I wasn't in long sleeves and wearing gloves right now... This is just torture.*
Levy 9: I know it's stuffy, but we don't have a choice. We have to wear these outfits when we're on the job. 
Levy 6: Sure, but why can't we get a summer outfit or something? I don't think that's too much to ask for.
Levy 9: Well, you hear his constant whining and complaining about our lack of money. 
Levy 6: I mean, sure, but that's no excuse to subject us to this crap...
Levy 6: How are you even managing?
Levy 9: I'm not. I'm all nasty and sweaty and my clothes are sticking to me. *sigh*... When do I get to go back to an actual air-conditioned room?
Levy 9: God, I feel so gross. I'm going to start itching like crazy if I don't get to wipe this sweat off soon...
*Levy Nine groans and wriggles in discomfort.*
*Her outfit is a long-sleeve one, just like mine, and also company-issued.*
*Though, I think she's tinkered with hers some and made some personal "adjustments."*
Levy 9: I'm just gonna have to suck it up. This is the price I pay for having this outfit look more fashionable.
Levy 6: ......
*Well, I agree the outfit looks nice.*
Levy 6: Man, I wish I could sew. You can just make whatever outfit you want. 
Levy 9: Well, I can't exactly make clothes... Why'd you bring up my sewing skills, though? What's this about?
Levy 6: Could you maybe make my outfit short-sleeved? Pretty please?
Levy 9: I guess I could, if you really wanted... But that'd be permanent. Are you sure you want to go running around in a short-sleeved outfit in winter?
Levy 6: Well, can't you just, like, resew the sleeves back on or something?
Levy 9: Ugh, that sounds like so much work, though...
Levy 9: Why not just add zippers? That way you'd be able to take off your sleeves and put 'em back on whenever.
Levy 6: Oh, I like that idea.
Levy 9: Hmm, but wouldn't it stop functioning properly if we did something like that? Maybe it's not such a good idea, after all...
Levy 6: Right. Didn't think of that.
*Our uniforms both have special "functions." That's the main point behind us wearing them.*
*Changes to the design are allowed to a certain extent, but it's safe to say that anything that messed with the uniform's function wouldn't be permitted.*
*It's a real dilemma. We might not actually be able to remove cloth and still keep the function intact.  *
Levy 6: So, uh, Levy Nine.
Levy 9: What is it, Levy Six?
Levy 6: Still nothing?
Levy 9: Nope. Our target is nowhere to be found.
*She lets out a small sigh as she stares at the tablet in her hands.*
*On the screen is video of a road. Countless cars are flying past in each direction.*
*We're searching for a particular vehicle using the N-system, but yeah... no hits yet. *
Levy 6: You sure you got the right number?
Levy 9: Yeah, unless they sent me the wrong number. Unfortunately we received the number from an outside source this time around, so... not much we can do to verify it. 
Levy 6: And they barely gave us anything else to work off of.
Levy 9: Well, remember, this case wasn't tasked to us originally. We were just dispatched as backup to make sure everything was resolved swiftly and without incident.
Levy 6: Yeah, they're usually too worried about appearances to send us in. Wonder why they choose to this time?
Levy 9: From what I heard, they found evidence during the investigation that linked these criminals to a massive crime syndicate from a foreign country.
Levy 6: So I guess we're dealing with "Astrals" then, huh?
Levy 9: Possibly, but the syndicate is their main focus. They want to use their lackeys here to gain some leads on the big guys off in that other country.
Levy 6: That makes sense.
*We obviously don't have the manpower to take on an international crime syndicate, but thankfully that's not our job.*
*All we have to do is capture our perpetrators here. Which is all fine and dandy, except for one little problem...*
*I'm about to die in this hellish inferno.*
*I'm about to sigh in exasperation, when Nanami suddenly speaks.*
Levy 9: Found it! They're heading down Shiromi Avenue, in the southward direction.
Levy 6: Alright, let's get in position.
*We migrate to the area where the mini truck (the target vehicle) is parked and hide behind cover.*
*There are two guys who look to be in their early to mid 20s.*
*They both hop out of the truck and begin walking towards a scooter parked on the side of the road.*
*Man, now that I get a better look at them, they really are young... Probably not much older than me, to be honest.*
*They're discussing something amongst themselves. Luckily, there seems to be no indication that they've noticed us.*
*A few seconds later, the conversation stops. One of them gets on the bed of the truck while the other gets the scooter.*
*Unfortunately, the scooter has a U-lock on it. They won't be able to move it without the key.*
*But strangely enough, the scooter moves. And even stranger... it levitates. *
*It floats higher and higher into the air, unconstrained by gravity.*
*The man isn't even touching it. He's controlling it remotely, by the looks of it.*
*Which can only mean one thing...*
Levy 9: Looks like we've got an Astral.
Levy 6: Yep.
*The scooter moves via that invisible force and eventually, it lies down on the bed of the truck.*
*The other guy then locks it down.*
Levy 9: Change of mission from McGregor. We're now to pursue the targets. 
Levy 6: Copy that. 
Boy A: Man, this shit is easy! Like stealing candy from a baby!
Boy B: Yeah, says the guy who didn't even lift a finger.
Boy A: Uhh, I drove the truck, dude! Plus I locked that thing down on the bed! I did plenty of shit!
Boy B: ......
Boy A: Don't gimme that look, man. I ain't an Astral like you.
Boy B: Well, dividing up the work is smart. I'm tired as hell. Three scooters in one night isn't easy.
Boy A: Oh, so you get exhausted when you use your powers and stuff?
Boy B: Those things weigh close to a hundred kilograms, man. No shit lifting three of those is gonna wear me out.
Boy A: But, like, you're not actually lifting 'em, right? Your psychic power's doin' all the work for ya.
Boy B: It's not physically exhausting... I don't know how to really describe it. It's like a headache.
Boy A: A headache? So you basically just feel dizzy and shit? 
Boy B: Well, yeah. Using your ability requires a lot of concentration.
Boy B: For me, I gotta focus on my target super hard and keep doing that as long as I'm transporting it.
Boy A: Huh. Well, I know what it's like to get a headache when you think too hard about stuff, so I kinda get what you mean... Good job out there today, man. Want some water?
Boy B: Sure, thanks. So, by the way, how much you think these'll sell for?
Boy A: Hmm, if we sell all the parts... I'd say about 150,000 yen total.
Boy B: Only a hundred fifty k?! What the hell, that's nothing... I worked my ass off to get those things here.
Boy B: Don't you guys have any other buyers?! I know for a damn fact these things could sell for way more!
Boy A: Our stuff is black market shit. 'Course you'd get about double the price at a normal store, but we can't sell to normal stores.
Boy A: The guys we sell to are the only ones I know of that'll do business with us.
Boy B: Fair point.
Boy A: Don't know what you're complaining about, man. It was one day's worth of work... Actually, more like a few hours. 100k plus for a few hours is good.
Boy B: I guess.
Boy A: God, Astral abilities are fucking great. Wish I had me one. 
Boy B: Oh, I'd gladly give you mine if I could. This shit ruined my whole goddamn life.
Boy A: Oh, so the kids bullied ya on the playground or somethin'?
Boy B: Shut the fuck up! Just hurry up and call the fucking guy so he can get over here and pick these things up.
Boy A: Don't go ballistic on me, man. I ain't trying to criticize on you or anything. Heck, that ability's the reason these rad scooters are ours now. 
Levy 6: Oh, but they aren't yours. You stole them.
Both: Wha--?!
Boy B: Wh-Who's there?!
Boy A: Come out and show yourself, you damn coward!
Boy A: Fuck, can't find him... Where are you, you little punk...?!
Levy 6: What are you looking around for, pal? I'm right in front of you.
Boy A: You think you're funny, eh?! Well, we'll see who's laughing when I find your ass!
Boy B: Wait, look! Don't you see that blur in the air?!
Boy A: Holy shit, yeah! What the hell is that?! What's goin' on?!
Boy B: Wait, don't tell me... optical camouflage?! Are you an Astral too?!
Levy 6: I guess you could say I am.
Boy A: His voice is legit coming from empty air... How the fuck?!
*They stand stock still, wide-eyed, unable to look away.*
Boy B: Who are you anyway?!
Boy A: Shit, is he a cop?!
Levy 6: Hmm, not quite...
Levy 6: Just a regular guy who happened to be passing by? Something like that, basically.
Boy A: You really think we're gonna believe that bullshit, kid?!
Boy B: There's no way in hell you walked in here without a reason!
Levy 6: Easy there, pal. All I'm gonna do is give you a piece of advice, that's all.
Boy A: HUH?!
Levy 6: Vehicle theft via Astral ability is a crime, you do know that, right?
Levy 6: So, my advice: stop adding onto your criminal record. Turn yourselves in now, and you'll get a much lighter sentence.
Both: "......"
*They look over at each other, communicate something non-verbally, then look back at me.*
Boy B: Who the hell do you think you are, kid?
Boy A: Mind your own fucking business.
*Now they're trying to act mean and tough. Funny.*
*I kind of thought so earlier, but these guys are probably just bottom-line grunts.*
*Experienced criminals know not to engage in pointless chatter. They'll just pull out their gun and shoot.*
Boy B: Better not think we're just gonna let you walk away free now that you've seen this.
Boy A: After we're done with you, you're not even gonna wanna REMEMBER today.
*The non-Astral one brings out a metal bat from the truck and hits it against the concrete floor to intimidate me. *
Levy 6: Just another day on the job.
*I mean, I gave them the option of surrendering peacefully. Then again, it makes perfect sense that they wouldn't listen to some random kid.*
*Realizing that a fight is inevitable at this point, I raise my fists and face the guy with the bat.*
Boy A: You think you're tough shit 'cause you're invisible, but I know EXACTLY where you are, punk!
*The very next second he swings the bat down hard without a hint of hesitation.*
*I calmly bend backward and avoid the blow.*
*After that, I decide to taunt him a bit.*
Levy 6: Watch where you're swinging, man. That's dangerous.
*Right after it passes me, I flip upright again and slam my fist into the man's solar plexus.*
Boy A: AGHH?!
*That one hit was enough. The bat drops from the man's hand as he falls to the ground.*
Boy B: You bastard!
*The metal bat floats up following his shout, then after reaching a certain height, flies straight toward me.*
Levy 6: (So he's gonna fight me using his ability, huh? Nice, bring it on!)
*I twist my body, dodging the attack, then close the distance between us in a matter of milliseconds.*
Boy B: Stay the hell away from me, punk!
*I feel a heavy force begin to assault me from all directions.*
Levy 6: Nghh!
*This air pressure is so strong it feels like my bones are about to snap.*
Boy B: I'm gonna crush you!
*THIS is the kind of power he used to lift those scooters. It's enough force to crush any normal person.*
*But I'm not a normal person.*
*I activate my own Astral ability to provide an opposing force.*
*Now freed from the deadly pressure, I leap forward. In the blink of an eye, I'm in front of the guy.*
Boy B: Wha--?! How the hell can you still stand?! Is my ability not working or what?!
*While he stands there in disbelief, I slam my fist into his solar plexus much like I did to his friend.*
Boy B: Agh! *cough* *cough*?! Kgh...! *cough*
*Unable to withstand the hit, he falls to his knees, coughing profusely as he holds his stomach.*
Boy B: Fucking hell...! I can't focus with this pain...!
Boy B: What the hell's your problem, man? *cough* What'd we ever do to you?
Levy 6: Don't make me out to be some criminal. That's you.
*Well, I guess I AM trespassing right now. But that's not important.*
Boy B: I don't get it... What're you after...?
Levy 6: Didn't you hear me earlier? I said to turn yourselves in.
Levy 6: Stop doing this stuff; it's not right. Especially considering you're an Astral.
Levy 6: There are some real bad guys out there who love getting Astrals to do their dirty work. Get involved with them and your life's over.
Boy B: Hah! What are you, a fucking counselor?! Take your advice and shove it right up your ass!
Levy 6: I'll tell you something you might like to know. The guy buying those scooters off you? He works for a massive overseas crime organization.
Levy 6: You and I probably better know them as the mafia. You ever heard the rumors about their kidnappings of Astrals?
Boy B: WHAT?! That's all made-up horseshit, and you know it.
Boy B: Some politician said they'd never had any kidnapping cases involving the mafia. 
Levy 6: Use your brain. Would any sane politician admit that something like that is going on? Hell no.
Boy B: ......
Levy 6: They're still assessing your usefulness right now, but you can bet that if they end up liking your ability, they're gonna make you join 'em.
Levy 6: And they have people with brainwashing and hypnosis abilities, so you're gonna be doing their dirty work even if you scream and say no.
Boy B: Haha. What the fuck, man? I think you've watched a few too many crime shows.
Levy 6: Plus, even if they don't want you, that doesn't mean you get to roam free. I hear they also sell Astrals on the black market.
Levy 6: Turn yourself in now while you still have time. It's in your best interest.
Boy B: This isn't some fucking cake walk... What the hell do you think you know?!
Levy 6: Sorry, but I'm going to have to pass on hearing this sob story about how hard your life was.
Levy 6: All Astrals know what it's like to be discriminated against. Not all of us turned to crime like you did.
Boy B: Kgh!
Levy 6: Your Psychokinesis doesn't have to be used for evil. If you just try, I'm sure you can live a decent life with your abilities.
Boy B: Cut the shit. You are with the police, aren't you?
Levy 6: I promise I'm not. Though, you're free to not believe me.
Levy 6: Look, I'm a fellow Astral. Just quit the crime and live a clean life. You'll thank yourself later. 
Boy B: Fuck off! *cough* *cough*!
*Right after, I hear the braking sounds of multiple cars.*
*And seconds later, a bunch of strong-looking men storm the warehouse. *
Police Officer A: Stop where you are! This is the police! We have an arrest warrant for you on suspicion of theft! Put your hands up and don't resist!
Police Officer B: And we know one of you is an Astral! Be smart and don't use your power, otherwise you'll get charges for obstruction of law enforcement and assault against the police added to the list!
Boy B: Tch... I fucking hurt too much to use it anyway.
Police Officer B: Huh. This is odd... I didn't expect them to surrender so easily.
Police Officer A: Yeah... Everything alright? You aren't hurt, are you?
Boy B: That guy over there did me in...
Police Officer B: Hm? I don't see anyone over there.
Police Officer A: Who are you talking about? I was told you were a two-man group. Or what, do you have more friends hidden here?!
Boy B: Shit... He ran away...
Police Officer B: Where's this third person?! Do you know what he looks like?!
Boy B: Hell if I know! I couldn't see the damn coward's face, or anything! I heard his voice, though, so I know he's a guy.
Police Officer A: What do you take us for, kid, a bunch of fools? Nobody here's gonna believe your little ghost story.
Boy B: He's not a damn ghost! He just had some ability that made him turn invisible! He's with you, isn't he?!
Police Officer B: Someone with invisibility? We got anyone like that?
Police Officer A: 'Course not. There's no way a guy like that would be one of ours.
Boy B: How the hell do you know that?!
Police Officer A: Officers are strictly forbidden from using Astral abilities in our line of work, even during arrests.
Police Officer B: If he was one of ours, he'd be fired within the day.
Boy B: What?! Then who the fuck was that punk?!
Police Officer B: You'll tell us all about that at the station. Now come on, stand up so we can get going.
*The thieves were caught, and the incident was thus resolved.*
*But one mystery remained, regarding a certain invisible person spotted at the scene of the crime...*
*You may be wondering what these "Astral abilities" are. Allow me to explain.*
*Once upon a time, these powers existed only within the realm of science fiction. They were called a variety of different names... magic, psychic powers, supernatural abilities, and so on.*
*But at the end of the 20th century, one groundbreaking discovery changed everything. A new particle was discovered, the "astron."*
*Astrons have the ability to "link" with the human brain and synchronize with our neural waves, which causes the astron to generate a unique form of energy.*
*Psychokinesis, pyrokinesis, telepathy, pschometry, clairvoyance. All things once thought to be pseudoscience, now real. *
*And even fantasy magic, like remote manipulation of water and wind, the creation of golems, and super strength...*
*All of these phenomena have been scientifically proven to be possible through the energy emitted by astrons.*
*The psychical form this energy takes differs from person to person. Meaning that it's nigh impossible to find any two people with the same ability.*
*"Astral abilities."*
*That's the term we've since adopted to refer to all of these strange powers.*
================================================================================
Satoru: This is the famous Washizu Research City, huh?
*I see sparkly new buildings and perfectly clean streets everywhere I look. But what stands out most of all is the metro system. It's an integral part of this town, I've heard.  *
*We hopped on the limited express train, and rode it for a little over an hour.*
*Upon stepping out, we were greeted with a beautiful urban city hidden amongst the idyllic landscape. I could really tell that this town was created for the purpose of scientific research.*
*We had entered the heart of Washizu Research City.*
*Nanami and I are now standing in the very city that was the location of that video.*
Nanami: Do you know how we get to Kikka Academy from here?
Satoru: We're supposed to get on the lightrail, and get off at the Kikka Academy station. You'll see the school right when you get off, apparently.
Nanami: The lightrail? What's that?
Satoru: It's what they call the metro here, apparently. It's astron-powered. 
Nanami: Oh, wow. I'd heard they were testing out stuff like that, but I never knew it was happening here.
Satoru: I guess that's only to be expected. This IS a town dedicated to astron research, after all. 
*In most other cities, the average resident would probably feel hesitant to ride on an astron-powered train. New things scare people.*
Satoru: Supposedly they also have cars that run on astral energy here.
Nanami: I wonder if the public buses are like that too?
Satoru: Haven't heard. But who knows, maybe there aren't that many astron-powered vehicles here, and it's just certain companies doing limited test runs.
Nanami: I'd love to ride in one if we get the chance, though. It sounds like they might be more relaxing to ride in than regular cars.
Satoru: Well, we should be able to see when we ride on the metro here in a bit. Since it's astron-powered and all.
Nanami: Oh, I see it coming in now. Wow, it actually looks pretty fancy.
Satoru: Supposedly they have a ton of railcars running on the lightrail. I guess they want to show it off and make Washizu City look modern and advanced?
Nanami: This place is pretty far out from the big cities, though. It'll be a real hassle getting out to events from here.
Satoru: Events as in cons for doujinshi, cosplay, and all that--
Nanami: Satoru-kun!
Satoru: Wh-What?
Nanami: There are certain things you don't bring up in public. Okay?
Satoru: Sorry. But do you still attend those things?
Nanami: I haven't been able to go to many lately because of how busy I've been with work.
Nanami: So, honestly, I shouldn't be complaining about living further away now. Not like I would've been able to go either way.
Satoru: I'm sure you'll get some opportunities to go to some in the near future.
*If you ever wondered why Nanami can sew, this is why. She makes cosplay costumes.*
*To put it bluntly, she's an otaku.*
Announcement: "The next stop is Kikka Academy. I repeat, Kikka Academy. Please take all of your belongings with you as you exit the train."
Satoru: That's us.
Nanami: The ride was a lot less bumpy and noisy than I expected.
Satoru: Yeah, and it can be faster than a bus ride depending on where you're going. 
Nanami: I could definitely get used to riding it regularly.
*I took the opportunity to check out the city while we were on the metro, and I have to say, it's even more urbanized than I expected.*
*All the architecture looks like it was built yesterday, which I guess is no surprise. It is a new city.*
*The building in front of us is no different. It's very well-designed and has a modern feel to it.*
Satoru: Here we are, Kikka Academy. 
Nanami: It's a really pretty building, I'll say.
Satoru: Well, it was only founded a couple years back. 
Nanami: Gosh, the campus looks HUGE. I sure hope I'll be able to remember where everything is.
Nanami: Ahh, my heart's pounding so hard right now. This is it... our new life. Surrounded by strangers...
Satoru: Relax. If you're this much of a nervous wreck now, you're gonna have a heart attack before the day ends.
Nanami: I know, but I seriously can't help it.
Guard A: ......
*I see the security guard eying us suspiciously as we stand in front of the gate, idly chatting.*
*I sure hope he'll be willing to contact the school for us, because we haven't actually received our student IDs yet.*
Voice: Excuse me. 
Satoru: Yeah?
*I hear someone call out to us from behind, and swiftly turn around.*
*A girl is standing there with a welcoming smile on her face.*
Nanami: Wait a sec!
*I know this face. This is the girl in the video Dad showed us.*
Girl: Good afternoon to you.
Girl: I apologize for the abruptness of this, but you wouldn't happen to Arihara Satoru and Arihara Nanami, would you?
Nanami: Y-Yes, that's me! I-I'm Arihara Nanami.
Satoru: And I'm Arihara Satoru.
Girl: Oh, thank goodness. That would've been rather embarrassing if I'd gotten the wrong people. Anyhow, it's a great pleasure to meet you! My name is--
Nanami: Mitsukasa Ayase...
Girl: Come again?
Nanami: Ohh, I-I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to interrupt you. Go on.
Girl: That's fine, I'm not upset or anything. But, do you mind if I ask you something? You and I haven't met before, have we?
Nanami: No, sorry. I just saw a video of you on the internet, and um... that's how I know your name.
Girl: *giggle* You don't need to apologize for that. I'm glad to hear you've watched my video. Though it is a little embarrassing for someone to bring that up face-to-face.
Satoru: Wait, did she say her name in that video? I don't remember it.
Nanami: Not the one WE saw. It was a different one.
*Oh, right. Nanami knew the jingle when we watched it, so she must've seen that video and similar ones already.*
Satoru: How famous is this girl?
Nanami: Honestly, she's probably the most well-known Astral in the world.
Satoru: Is she an actor or something?
Girl: Hahaha! Oh, hardly! I'm nowhere near that special. 
Nanami: You do make television appearances, though, right? And you've even been given the nickname the "Cute Girl Astral" on the internet--
Girl: P-Please don't bring that up! I'm extremely embarrassed by those.
*She covers her face in a fit of embarrassment. *
*I'll admit, she is pretty cute.*
*I'd probably even put her above some of the young pop idols I see on TV, and that's no exaggeration.*
*She isn't very tall, though her breasts are big. Not TOO big, but just right. The interesting mix between cute and sexy really does wonders.*
*Well, that's just my subjective opinion, though.*
Girl: I don't think I've introduced myself yet. I'll go ahead and do that now.
Ayase: My name is Mitsukasa Ayase, and I'm the student council president here at Kikka Academy. I've been told to come greet you and give a tour of the campus today.
Ayase: So allow me to cordially welcome you to Kikka Academy! I sincerely hope you enjoy your time here.
*The smile on her face is downright dazzling.*
Ayase: Did you have any difficulties finding your way here?
Satoru: Oh no, we had no trouble whatsoever, Miss. We simply got off the train, then got on the metro, and rode it to here.
Ayase: That's great to hear.
Ayase: By the way, is that all of your luggage that you have with you? I was planning to take you to the principal's office first, but if you have more, we can go to the dorms before then and drop it off.
*I have a messenger bag while Nanami is carrying a tote.*
*Neither are particularly big. Probably wouldn't even be able to fit a single night's worth of clothes.*
Satoru: We shipped most of our personal belongings, so they should be at the dormitories already.
Ayase: Ah, I understand. So I take it you wouldn't mind carrying your luggage to the principal's office?
Satoru: That's fine by us.
Ayase: Please follow me.
Ayase: The two individuals with me are transfer students. I'm showing them to the principal's office at the moment.
Guard A: Okay.
*Nanami and I enter the campus grounds behind Mitsukasa-san.*
Ayase: Straight ahead you'll find the school building itself, while the dormitories are located over in that direction.
Ayase: I'd estimate it at around a three minute walk from here.
Satoru: Kikka Academy is pretty huge.
Ayase: Oh, but we have more than just the school building and our student dormitories. You might be interested in seeing the school's astron research facility. 
Ayase: I do agree that our campus is quite larger than what is normal, however. Washizu City is a fair distance away from the metropolitan area, so land is cheap.
Ayase: Follow me to the school building. We'll enter in and head straight to the principal's office.
Nanami: Whoa, the inside is so pretty too...
Ayase: It is, isn't it? This school was built quite recently, only in the past decade. 
Ayase: Also, since our school is a boarding school, we have fewer students than an average school would.
Satoru: What's the student population at?
Ayase: Most classes have on average thirty students per class, and each grade level has four different classes.
Satoru: So that adds up to...
Ayase: Three hundred and eighty two. The number of Astrals totals to around one hundred, so roughly ten per class.
Satoru: Oh, really? That's a bit of a surprise. I thought the majority of students here would be Astrals.
Ayase: Don't worry. Many people have that misconception before they come here.
Satoru: That makes me wonder, though. What makes normal people want to come here?
Satoru: Nanami and I are only coming here because of our powers, so I guess I'm having a bit of trouble understanding it.
Ayase: A large majority of the students here are the children of researchers working in this city.
Satoru: Oh, okay. That makes sense.
*It IS a fairly large city.*
*And there's just obviously no way every single resident here is an Astral.*
Ayase: Other than them, we also have many students who come here because they aspire to be astron researchers when they grow up.
Ayase: We're the only school in the nation right now that has classes on astron science, and because of the opportunities the school offers, anyone who can put us on their resume will have an advantage when applying for jobs in the field.
Satoru: What kind of opportunities, if you don't mind me asking?
Ayase: Companies that believe in the potential of astral technology actively sponsor the school, and in some cases, even work with our students on research projects.
Ayase: They are always on the lookout for graduates of our school, and many of them are quickly offered job positions from these companies.
Ayase: Moreover, we also get backing from the government, due to their interest in astral technology.
Satoru: Wow, that's interesting. I never knew that.
Ayase: If you ever find yourself interested in a career in the field of astron research, I suggest talking to your teachers. They can help you figure out what to do.
Satoru: Thanks for the tip. I'll be sure to do that.
Ayase: Also, feel free to come to me personally about any questions you might have, Arihara-kun. You and I will be in the same class.
Satoru: Oh, thank you. I hope we can become good friends, Mitsukasa-san.
Ayase: As do I!
Ayase: Also, I extend that offer to you as well, Arihara-san. I know we may be in different grade levels, but I'd always be glad to help you if you need it.
Nanami: Oh, um, yes! Thank you very much!
*Nanami responds with a slightly delayed, shrill voice.*
Ayase: I didn't startle you by any chance, did I? If so, I'm terribly sorry.
Nanami: Oh, no, it wasn't your fault, at all... Sorry about that...
Satoru: She's just a little shy, don't worry about it. It's not that she doesn't like you or that she's scared of you, she's just nervous.
Satoru: Oh, and it might create a bit of confusion if you call us both by our surnames, so feel free to call her Nanami. She'd appreciate it.
Nanami: Satoru-kun?! When did I ever say I'd-- 
Ayase: I hope we can become good friends, Nanami-san.
Nanami: E-Eep! Um, me too, Mitsukasa-senpai.
Ayase: Oh gosh, isn't that adorable! Her face turned bright red.
Ayase: Feel free to likewise call me by first name.
Nanami: Ah, but, umm, I don't know if I can...
Ayase: Go ahead, try saying it. A-ya-se.
Nanami: Okay, um... Ayase-senpai...
Ayase: Wonderful.
Ayase: Also, Arihara-kun, we will be classmates from now on, so you don't need to speak so stiff and politely around me any longer.
Ayase: I can tell you aren't used to it.
Satoru: Man, thanks. You're a lifesaver.
Ayase: Okay, I think we should make our way to the principal's office now.
Ayase: Excuse me, this is Mitsukasa.
Principal: Enter.
*Upon entering the room, I find a rugged-looking man.*
*The power of his stare is so intense I flinched for a second.*
Ayase: I have the two transfer students with me.
Principal: Thank you. Your job here is done, so you may now leave, Mitsukasa-kun.
Principal: I have someone else who will give them their tour after I'm done talking to them.
Ayase: Alright.
Ayase: This is where I take my leave, then. Have a good rest of the day, you two.
Satoru: Thanks for everything, Mitsukasa-san.
Nanami: Thank you.
*She smiles at us amicably, then exits the room.*
*After the door shuts behind her, I turn back towards the principal.*
Satoru: It's an honor to meet you, Sir. My name is Arihara Satoru, and I'm very much looking forward to studying here.
Nanami: I-I'm Arihara Nanami, and likewise.
Atsunori: I'm Ise Atsunori, the principal of this institution. I've already been informed of your circumstances.
Atsunori: You were forced to come here after it became known to others that you were an Astral, am I correct?
Satoru: Yes, Sir.
Atsunori: I can only imagine what you went through because of that, but fear not. You will face no discrimination whatsoever here.
Atsunori: Hopefully, when you leave this school you will have developed a more positive outlook on life. I want you to learn to accept yourselves, and use your powers in ways that benefit society.
Atsunori: That was my mission when I founded this school. Children like you shoulder the weight of the future, and nurturing your growth properly is of the utmost importance.
Satoru: Thank you for taking us in, Sir.
Nanami: Thank you.
*He says nothing, only responding with a light nod.*
*Then, he picks up the phone receiver sitting on his table and makes a call.*
Atsunori: Yes. Please come to my office.
Atsunori: That's right. I'm with the two transfer students that I informed you of earlier.
Atsunori: The same as usual. I'd like you to take care of the registration process.
*Registration...*
Atsunori: Alright, I'll see you shortly.
Atsunori: Sorry for the inconvenience, but there are a few final things that need to be taken care of to complete the transfer process.
Satoru: Did we not already submit all the paperwork?
Atsunori: Oh, I'm not talking about paperwork. You should've received an information file before coming here that explained this, but if you forgot, I'll remind you.
Atsunori: All residents of Washizu Research City are required to be registered in AIMS.
Satoru: Oh, right. I read through it all, but I didn't quite understand anything...
*That's a lie, of course.*
*I learned everything there is to know about AIMS before coming here.*
*Understanding it is crucial to being able to perform my job properly here.*
*It stands for Ability Information Management System.*
*Hence the acronym AIMS.*
*Just as the name suggests, it's a database to track Astrals and their abilities.*
*The principal only mentioned residents here being in it, but actually, even some Astrals not from here are being asked to participate.  *
*You'll find people that distribute pamphlets for it during various things, like school orientations, doctor check-ups, etc. *
*It should also be mentioned that criminals who are Astrals are registered in AIMS.*
*Though, in their case, it's mandatory, like it is for Washizu residents.*
Atsunori: As you likely already know, Washizu Research City is where most of today's research on astrons is conducted.
Atsunori: In some cases, we may call upon certain Astrals to aid in research.
Atsunori: We constructed this database to ensure that researchers are able to find the type of ability-user they need without trouble.
*That is in fact an important reason behind its creation... but he failed to mention the OTHER reason.*
*There was fierce opposition to the idea of gathering Astrals in one place back when this city was first being planned, and this list is a way to show those people that the Astrals here are being managed and controlled.*
*Police also have access to this database, if they go through a certain procedure to obtain permission. *
*But due to the nature of the AIMS... since it's basically a giant list of people's private information, I've heard that it's near impossible to get that permission.*
Atsunori: If you're concerned about your information being leaked, rest assured. We keep this data under very tight protection.
Satoru: Yes, that's fine. We have no qualms cooperating. 
Atsunori: Much appreciated.
*Not a second later, I hear a knock on the door.*
Atsunori: Enter.
? ? ?: Excuse me.
*A woman enters the room wearing a white coat.*
*From the looks of it, she's older than me.*
Atsunori: These two are the new students I mentioned to you. Please show them around.
Onee-san: Absolutely.
Onee-san: Okay, come follow me now.
Nanami: Oh, um, okay. Thank you for your time, Sir.
Satoru: Thank you.
Atsunori: I hope you enjoy your stay here.
Onee-san: This way. My lab's located on the very top floor of this place.
Onee-san: Normally you'd have to walk all the way to the research center, but lucky for you, we can get you registered and everything in my lab!
Satoru: Umm, Professor? Can I ask a quick question?
Onee-san: Ack?!
Satoru: A-Are you okay?
Onee-san: Professor, he said... Well, of course he'd think that. Anyone would... Haha.
Nanami: Hey, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Yeah?
Nanami: I... think this person is a student here.
Satoru: You sure? I mean, she has her own lab...
Nanami: She looks way too young to be a professor. Also, look closer. She's wearing a uniform under the lab coat.
Satoru: Huh?
Onee-san: You have to look at the UNIFORM to tell, huh... Eh, it's whatever...
Onee-san: You don't have to say it; I fully realize how embarrassing it looks for a woman my age to be wearing a school uniform.
Onee-san: To a young'un like you, I probably just look like some pornstar about to go on set for a schoolgirl-themed porno... ugh.
Nanami: Oh, no, not at all! That's not what I was thinking!
Nanami: I only recognized it because the necktie and skirt pattern are the same as Ayase-senpai's.
Onee-san: Oh, so Mitsukasa-san brought you guys to the principal's office? That makes sense.
Satoru: Sorry for the misunderstanding. That was rude on my part.
Satoru: I just never imagined a student having their very own lab. 
Onee-san: Yeaaah, I can see that. It definitely is pretty unusual for a student to have a room in the school building that's theirs.
Onee-san: I hate to say it about myself, but I'm not really a NORMAL student, if that makes sense.
Satoru: Oh, are you the top student at this school or something?
Onee-san: No, I was actually held back, so I'm repeating a year.
Satoru: Oh. So that's what you meant by NOT NORMAL...
Onee-san: And this is the second time, too.
Onee-san: I'm basically a fifth-year third-year. Pretty embarrassing, but I'm probably the only person this has ever happened to.
Satoru: Yeah, I certainly haven't ever met anyone.
Onee-san: Which means I'm stuck being around all these younger girls with their soft, smooth skin... And I have to watch as they walk out of the bathroom and shake off all the water on them... *sniffle* Why is the world so cruel...
Satoru: ......
*How do I even RESPOND to that?*
Onee-san: Ah, sorry. I didn't mean to get all depressed on you like that. You probably felt a little awkward.
Onee-san: The reason why I can't graduate yet isn't because there's an issue with my grades; I just don't have all the necessary credits.
Onee-san: So once I get in those classes I'm missing, I'll be able to graduate no problem. Though, that being said, I'm in a position where I don't have to take classes.
Satoru: Err, so...
Satoru: You WANT to stay in school?
Onee-san: Hmm? Ohh... Well, let's just say that's a secret!
*She puts a finger to her lips and smiles at me suggestively.*
*She's smiling, yes, but I can REALLY tell it's not something she's willing to share.*
*Well, not that I blame her. I'd be hesitant to share personal details about my life with someone I just met too.*
*Hmm, but wait. I kind of... feel like I know her from somewhere? Or maybe it's just my imagination...*
Onee-san: So yeah, they basically told me "at least do some research if you're going to waste your time doing nothing" and gave me my own lab.
Onee-san: I also occasionally help out at the research building.
*Getting her own lab just because she's not doing anything else? Yeah, that doesn't quite add up.*
*She has to be really smart or something.*
*The fact that she has access rights to AIMS would also support that.*
Onee-san: Alrighty, then. Let's go on in.
*She places her hand over the sensor attached to the wall, next to the door.*
*I then immediately hear the light sound of the door being unlocked.*
Onee-san: Welcome to my wonderful little research lab!
Satoru: Alright.
Nanami: Thanks.
Onee-san: Go ahead and make yourselves at home while you wait. Oh, let me get you something to drink too.
Onee-san: I got coffee and green tea. Which would you prefer?
Satoru: Oh, no. We're alright.
Onee-san: Don't be shy. I was going to make something for myself anyways, so it's no big deal. I'll be going with coffee. Want that or green tea?
Satoru: I'll take a cup of coffee then, if you don't mind.
Nanami: What? Oh, um, me too.
Onee-san: Gotcha. I'll have those right out to you shortly.
*She takes out three cups and begins making the coffee.*
*She's making drip coffee, by the way, not the instant kind.*
Satoru: I thought you hated coffee?
Satoru: You could've just told her you wanted green tea, you know? You don't need to feel shy.
Nanami: I'm not some kid, okay? I can drink coffee just fine.
Nanami: I don't necessary LIKE it... but I can probably force it down.
Satoru: I don't understand you sometimes...
Nanami: Well, it's the polite thing to do. You know, you order the same thing a superior or boss gets at work.
Satoru: Do you think some unspoken rule like that really needs to applied here? Gosh, you're so awkward.
Nanami: You'll never make it in the workforce with that attitude, Satoru-kun.
Nanami: I worry for you, I truly do...
Satoru: Do you, now...
Nanami: Maybe I'll be stuck having to take care of you till you're an old man in a rocker.
Satoru: Well, just tell me if the stress gets to you. I'm your brother, so it's my job to make sure you're alright.
Nanami: Says the very person who's the source of my stress in the first place... But, well, I don't mind taking care of you. It's nothing too hard.
Satoru: Your generosity is much appreciated.
Nanami: Hey, it's nothing. I'm your little sis.
Nanami: But back to what we were talking about: today's the day. I'm gonna drink it. I'll never grow up if I chicken out and choose green tea here.
Satoru: I don't see why you're obsessing over this so much, honestly.
*I quickly scan the room while keeping our host in the corner of my eye.*
*Nothing seems out of the ordinary.*
*But one thing catches my attention: the PC. *
*Does it have access to the AIMS database?*
Onee-san: Ta-dah! Here's your coffee!
Satoru: Thank you.
*I put a pause to my thoughts and casually take the cup of coffee in her hand.*
Satoru: It smells wonderful.
Onee-san: *giggle* I appreciate the compliment. Oh, and feel free to use the milk and sugar.
Nanami: Okay, this is it. *blow*... *blow*...
Satoru: Yeah, let's try this out.
*I take a sip of my freshly brewed coffee.*
*The rich aroma perfectly accentuates the distinct, palatable sourness of it.*
Onee-san: Is it alright?
Satoru: It's great. It has just the perfect balance of bitter and sour. I could really relax while drinking this.
Onee-san: Yeah, it's a special blend I use whenever I get stuck in a rut and need something to calm my brain down.
Satoru: I really like the taste.
Onee-san: That's great to hear.
Nanami: ...Mhm... mhh...
Nanami: I-I agree. The bitterness is just, so good!
Satoru: Nanami, you're tearing up.
Onee-san: Yeaaah, sorry if it's too bitter. It's a bit of a personal blend, so it might not fit your taste buds.
Onee-san: Here, I'll go make some green tea to make it up to you. Just wait here.
Nanami: I'm terribly sorry.
Onee-san: Oh no, you're fine. We still had some hot water leftover, so it won't take long.
Satoru: ......
Nanami: Look, okay? It's been a while... so I thought maybe I'd be able to drink it fine by now. But apparently not, I guess.
Satoru: I never said anything.
Nanami: Yeah, but that's what you were thinking on the inside. I'm your sister, so I can tell those things.
Satoru: As can I with regards to you.
*I take the unfinished cup of coffee out of her hand.*
Satoru: I know you don't wanna drink the rest, so I'll drink it for you.
Nanami: Thanks, Onii-chan.
Satoru: It's the least I can do, considering how much I owe you.
Onee-san: Ohhh, what do we have here?
Nanami: Er, what is it? D-Do you need something?
Onee-san: Nothing. Just admiring how close you two are.
Satoru: I guess? We ARE siblings.
Satoru: Anyway, do you care if I ask you a question?
Onee-san: Shoot.
Satoru: I was wondering about the lock to the room. It's biometric authentication based, isn't it?
Satoru: To be honest, I was kind of shocked to see such high-tech security being used here.
Onee-san: Well, not like there's anything in here anybody would want to steal. It's actually just a field test. You know, like with all the other astral technology used around here.
Satoru: Meaning?
Onee-san: The authentication doesn't use fingerprints, or palm lines, or anything like that. It reads a person's astrons.
Onee-san: You probably know how astrons take a distinctly different form for each Astral. And supposedly, no two people have the same astral "footprint." Pretty cool, huh?
Satoru: Yeah, I've heard.
Onee-san: That basically makes it possible for us to identify an individual based purely on the astrons in them. And so our lock here is a test model for future security systems that'll operate that way.
Satoru: Wow, that's amazing.
Nanami: But wouldn't that mean it only works for Astrals?
Onee-san: Yeah, that's what you'd normally think, but the cool thing is, it actually works for normal people too!
Onee-san: All people's brains--whether they're an Astral or not--interact with astrons in some way, shape, or form... Well, I'd explain more, but you'll probably cover this in class.
Onee-san: Point being, though, we can design it so it identifies non-Astrals too. If it couldn't, it'd be way too niche to have any practical uses.
Nanami: Huh. That's actually kind of interesting.
Satoru: Are these kind of locks used everywhere around the school?
Onee-san: Oh, of course not. The only other room it's used for besides this one is the mechanical room where all the water and electricity stuff is managed. It's still really early in development.
Onee-san: Okay, and here's your green tea.
Nanami: Um, thank you.
Nanami: *gulp* Wow, this is some really good tea.
Onee-san: Phew, glad you like it. You're both also welcome to drop by and visit little ole me anytime. I'll keep you company, fix you coffee, tea, whatever you want.
Satoru: Thank you, I'll probably take you up on that sometime.
Nanami: I better not find you in here skipping class, alright?
Satoru: What? I'd never do that.
Nanami: S-So, umm... Senpai.
Onee-san: What's up?
Nanami: If you ever get the suspicion that my brother might be skipping class, open the door and kick his butt right out, please.
Nanami: Be however forceful you need.
Satoru: Hold it.
Onee-san: You got it. I'll give him a nice hard kick on the behind.
Satoru: Will you please listen to me... I just said I won't be skipping.
Onee-san: Bummer. I was actually kind of looking forward to doing something like that. I've never actually kicked someone in the behind before.
Onee-san: Well, joking aside, I think it's about time we get to the purpose of your visit today.
Satoru: So what kind of data are you going to be taking from us exactly?
Onee-san: Just basic stuff, like your name, birthday, and ability type. Then there's also height, weight, level of fitness, vision, hearing, health conditions, among other things.
Onee-san: It may seem like a lot of stuff, but it's basically just the same things regular schools check for during physicals and whatnot.
Onee-san: All we'll be able to do today is probably your name, birthday, ability type, and I guess other than that, just height and weight?
Onee-san: We'll have the rest of it during the next scheduled school physical.
Onee-san: Okay, sooo... Your name is Arihara Akira, yeah?
Satoru: It's read Satoru, actually. Written with the character for "dawn."
Onee-san: Oh, whoopsies. Sorry about that.
Satoru: It's fine, you aren't the first one to make that mistake.
Onee-san: So Arihara SATORU, not Akira. Written with the character for dawn... Wait, SATORU...?
Satoru: Hm?
Onee-san: ......
Satoru: Um, yes?
Onee-san: This might sound kind of weird, but do I know you from somewhere?
Satoru: You and me?
*I carefully scan over her facial features.*
*She's really gorgeous, honestly. In particular, those long eyelashes of hers. *
*I know I felt a bit of deja vu earlier... but surely I wouldn't forget someone as beautiful as her if I'd met her before. Right?*
Satoru: I don't have any recollection of meeting you before, at least.
Nanami: Umm, I don't think we've gotten your name yet. That might help.
Onee-san: Hmm? Ohhh, right, right! Gosh, I knew I was forgetting about SOMETHING. Sorry 'bout that.
Mayu: My name is Shikibe Mayu.
Mayu: Ring any bells?
Satoru: Shikibe... Mayu, Senpai...
Mayu: ......
Satoru: Sorry, but I don't think so.
Mayu: Really? Nothing comes to mind at all?
Satoru: No, sorry.
Mayu: Ah, okay... Guess I must've mistaken you for someone else.
Mayu: Sorry for asking you something so weird out of the blue. I just can't keep my mouth shut whenever something comes to my mind. It's been a bad habit of mine for a while.
Mayu: I wish I could fix it, but I just can't seem to. Who knows, maybe it's hardwired in my DNA.
Satoru: That's fine, it didn't bother me.
Mayu: Yeah, sorry again. You just kinda reminded of an old friend of mine. Anyway, back on topic.
Mayu: Arihara Satoru... and done. Now just check over the birthday and blood type I have in here and match sure they're correct.
Satoru: It looks correct to me.
Mayu: They're probably the same age, and a lot of their facial features are the same... Hm, but I don't remember him having a younger sister.
*Shikibe-senpai clacks away on the keyboard as she mutters to herself.*
*Shikibe Mayu... Yeah, no matter how hard I think about it, nothing comes to mind.*
*It must just be a simple case of the wrong person.*
Mayu: Now for your sister... Arihara Nanami, right?
Nanami: Um, yes.
Mayu: We're fellow girls, so do you mind if I call you Nanami-chan?
Nanami: Whaaat?! Again?!
Mayu: Do you not like that?
Nanami: No, um... I don't have a problem with it, per se...
Mayu: Thanks, Nanami-chan.
Nanami: Ahhhh!
Mayu: Gosh, you're such a cutie.
Mayu: So, moving on. Your ability is physical enhancement, Arihara-kun. Is that correct?
Satoru: Yes.
*Another lie.*
*Boosting my strength is only a byproduct of my power. My true ability is something else.*
*We're on an undercover mission here, so we have to be prepared for anything.*
*Our plan was to hide my real ability without FULLY lying about it, since I need to be able to prove that my ability is what I say it is.*
*My dad and I came up with it after a bit of discussion.*
Mayu: And Nanami-chan's is healing.
*Nanami's, though, isn't a lie.*
*We had no easy option to hide it like with mine, so we chose to be honest instead of taking the risk.*
Mayu: Okay, now comes the part where I test your abilities. Take one each.
*She holds out long, rectangular strips of paper that are much like sticky notes.*
Satoru: What's this?
Mayu: We use these things to assess the properties of an Astral's ability.
Mayu: As you already know, the state that astron particles will change into differs for every user, but interestingly enough, we CAN group and categorize the variants to a certain extent based on similarities between--
Nanami,Satoru: ......
Mayu: Ahaha... sorry. I have a real bad habit of getting carried away whenever I explain science-y stuff.
Mayu: People tell me all the time it just makes my explanations that much harder to understand, and I mean, I AM trying to fix it, but same problem...
Mayu: It's basically a litmus paper, for something in more simpler terms.
Nanami,Satoru: Ohh!
Mayu: Just hold onto that paper and activate your abilities for me, alright? You should see the color change.
Mayu: After a few simple tests like this, we'll be able to work out your ability types. 
Satoru: Wait...
*She's not... onto us, is she?*
Mayu: I know it might sound like I think you're lying about your abilities, but it's something else.
Mayu: See, it's fairly common for Astrals to not fully understand their own abilities. Let me think of an example... Hmm, how about flying?
Mayu: There are those with pure flight abilities, but you also have people able to "float" through things like telekinesis or wind control.
Mayu: Each of those are different ability types, and if we examine them further, we may be able to uncover applications for a person's ability that they never knew of.
Mayu: So that's why it's extremely crucial to do these tests and properly analyze people's abilities.
Satoru: That makes sense.
Mayu: It'd be so much easier if we could just run one quick little test and be done with it, but unfortunately the technology's not there yet. Sorry, I know it's a pain, but just bear with it.
Satoru: No problem. So first comes the test paper, you said?
*By the time we finally finished with the tests, we'd taken around ten.*
*Time-wise, I'd estimate it took us about two hours.*
Mayu: That concludes everything. You're all done.
Mayu: Okay, now let's get right to the results... We'll start with you, Arihara Satoru.
Satoru: Okay.
Mayu: Your ability is only able to be applied to yourself. 
Mayu: What you stated to me seems to be correct. It looks like a true physical enhancement ability.
Satoru: Alright.
*Phew.*
*She doesn't seem suspicious at all, which is really good.*
Mayu: As for you, Nanami-chan, your healing allows you to boost a target's natural regenerative abilities.
Mayu: It can't exactly UNDO wounds, but it's still pretty dang incredible. I wish I had an ability half as good as yours.
Nanami: Um, may I ask you a question?
Mayu: Sure, go right ahead.
Nanami: Are you also an Astral yourself?
Mayu: Oh, did I not say? Yeah, I am. Though my ability's not much of anything... Here, see for yourself.
*She raises her hand in the air with her coffee cup in it, then lets go. *
Satoru: Ah!
*But instead of falling to the table, the cup remains where it is.*
*It doesn't seem to be floating, but rather locked in place.*
Satoru: Is your ability locking objects in place, by any chance?
Mayu: Close, but not quite. My ability specifically only works on astrons... which basically means locking them in one place and state.
Satoru: How does that work?
Mayu: Well, for a simple explanation, I can pretty much create invisible walls out of them.
Mayu: So right now, I'm using a cluster of astrons to act as a plateau for my coffee cup to sit on.
Nanami: That's a pretty intriguing ability.
Mayu: You'd think, but it's sure not very versatile. I can hardly use it for anything.
*She presumably deactivates her ability, then takes the cup into her hand again.*
*Moving her arm slowly, she then places it back on the table.*
Mayu: Well, that wraps up the registration process. Thanks for your patience; I know it was long.
Satoru: Thank you for taking the time to do this for us, Shikibe-senpai.
Satoru: You probably have other things you'd rather be doing on a weekend.
Mayu: Errr, don't worry about that, really. I don't do much with my free time anyway.
Mayu: It's kind of hard to fit in when you're two years older than everyone else... It sucks, but oh well. What can I do...
Satoru: Please don't stare off into the distance and say all those depressing things. You're really making me feel bad.
Satoru: Look, I'd be glad to hang out with you whenever you want.
Nanami: M-Me too!
Mayu: You're not turned off by an old lady like me?
*Agh, why does that sound like some porno title!*
Satoru: Who are you calling an old lady? You're still very young, Senpai.
Satoru: You're only, what, three to four years older than us? That's nothing to worry about.
Mayu: You do NOT understand! Age is a delicate issue for girls!
Satoru: Err...
*Why is she yelling at me? I was legitimately trying to cheer her up... Phew. She's difficult to please, this girl.*
Mayu: Even a one year age difference makes all the world of difference! That's how girls' bodies are! Just look at me; I HAVE to put on sunscreen before PE class! It's a life-or-death issue for me!
Satoru: What?!
Mayu: And if I ever forget to take off my makeup then I might as well kiss my life goodbye. That's just how it is.
*Man, she makes girls sound more fragile than a fly...*
Satoru: Well, age aside, I'm new here and don't know anyone, so I'd appreciate a friend.
Nanami: Me too.
Mayu: Thank you, guys... Thank you SO much! If you're okay with little ole me, I'd be glad to be your friend.
Nanami: It'd be our pleasure.
Satoru: If you ever need us for anything, don't hesitate to ask us. We'd be glad to help.
Mayu: Thanks for the offer, Arihara-kun.
Mayu: Since you said I could, and all... Do you mind if I go ahead and shoot a favor your way?
Satoru: Um, sure.
Mayu: I'd actually kind of like to analyze your abilities more, um, THOROUGHLY... That wouldn't bother you, would it?
*She closes in on me with sparkling eyes.*
*Eventually, she's right up on me and I begin to smell a sweet fragrance.*
*Man, this really does smell good...*
Satoru: No, I don't mind.
Mayu: Sweet! Thanks a bunch!
Satoru: What exactly are you wanting to learn about my ability, though?
Mayu: Don't worry, it's not official research. I'm not trying to make you into my lab rat or anything.
Mayu: I was wanting to see you lift something for me... but I don't know if I have what I'm looking for here... Hmm.
*She looks around the room in search for whatever this thing is.*
*It's a science lab, though, so it probably goes without saying that there aren't any dumbbells or weightlifting equipment.*
Mayu: Ideally it would be something I can measure the weight of... Oh, I know!
Mayu: What about me? Oh, and with one arm, if possible.
Satoru: You want me to lift you with one arm?
*I know weight is another delicate subject for women... But, well, she seems healthy, so I doubt she weighs any less than 40kg.*
*Taking into her account her height... Maybe 50kg? Actually, no, probably higher.*
*Oh, right. I should probably factor in her breast size. I've heard that breasts carry a lot of mass.*
Nanami: ......
Satoru: Er, yes?
Nanami: You have a dirty look on your face.
Satoru: No, I don't.
Nanami: Yes, you do. And even if you didn't, I'm your sister, so I can tell what you're thinking.
Satoru: I was just pondering something relevant to the discussion at hand, okay? Nothing inappropriate.
*Anyway, back to what I was thinking about. I'm fit, but I'm no macho man. My arms are pretty skinny.*
*So if I somehow manage to lift her with a single arm, that should give her a good grasp on what my ability is capable of.*
Satoru: Okay, let's do this. I think I should be able to lift someone of your body type up.
Mayu: I'm ready whenever you are!
Satoru: I'm ready, but a little warning before we start... You'll have to keep a steady balance as I hold you up. Do you think you can manage that?
Mayu: Hm? Hrmm... Right, I'll have to if it's just one arm. I'm not too sure I'll be able to, though. I'm not very physically fit...
Mayu: Here, how about we go with a different approach? I'll make myself dangle from your arm.
*That sounds very dangerous...*
Satoru: Hmm... What about doing that but with me standing atop a chair? That sounds easier for you.
Mayu: Sweet. Can we go ahead and get started with that?
Satoru: Sure.
*I scoot together two folding chairs and hop up.*
*Seems stable enough. Good.*
Satoru: I'm ready for you, Senpai.
Mayu: Okay, here goes nothin'!
Satoru: Ngh...
*Yeah, this amount of weight is no sweat.*
*I proceed to lift Shikibe-senpai's body like it's the easiest thing in the world.*
Mayu: Wow, I feel no shaking whatsoever. It's less like I'm dangling from a human's arm, and more like I'm dangling from a tree branch.
Mayu: This is a totally new experience... And man, guys' arms sure are tough...!
Mayu: Hah! This is actually kind of fun, you know? I feel like I'm at the playground.
Mayu: Oh, whoopsies. Sorry for letting loose like a little kid. You doing okay? I'm not too heavy, am I?
Satoru: Oh, no. You're incredibly light.
Mayu: You sure know how to please a girl, you sweet talker, you. But yeah, you definitely seem like you're having an easy time. That tells me a lot.
Nanami: ......
================================================================================
*Ugh, what is that noise.*
*It's terribly unpleasant.*
*Some incessant beeping noise I'm not familiar with.*
Satoru: An alarm?
Satoru: But why...
*I reach out for my phone, still underneath my covers.*
*Only after turning it off do I finally realize why I set an alarm for this morning.*
Satoru: Right, I'm at Kikka Academy now.
*It's unfortunate, but I can't have Nanami wake me up here.*
Satoru: Nngh.
*Man, I never knew what it was like being forcibly woken by a loud beeping like that. Talk about a rude awakening.*
Satoru: My alarm clock back home was Nanami's voice. Compared to this, that was paradise...
*I shake off my residual drowsiness and get out of bed.*
*It's currently 6:30 AM.*
*Pretty early, but I have something to do.*
Satoru: Time to do this morning jog.
*But before that, I need to wash my face. I grab a towel and head to the bathroom.*
Satoru: *pant* *pant* *pant*
*Running has been a daily routine of mine since before I came here.*
*Missions can be pretty physically demanding at times, so I try to stay in shape by jogging and doing stretches.  *
*I'm no musclehead, but I'd say I'm at least as fit as the average kid my age on a school sports team.*
*That said, I have another reason for doing this morning jog today.*
Satoru: Foo... haa... foo... haa...
*After I finish my jog and do some lifting, I switch over to some stretches.*
*After I'm through with those, I do some deep breathing.*
Satoru: Okay.
*I think I have a good grasp on the layout of the area now. I managed to inspect most of the campus.*
*I wasn't sneaking around through the bushes or anything, though. I stayed on all the paths. *
*Nobody should've found what I was doing suspicious in the slightest. *
Satoru: Good thing I decided to play it safe.
*I didn't expect there to be as many security cameras as there were around campus.*
*They have the normal ones in easy-to-see places, but they also have some that are cleverly hidden behind bushes and such.*
*It's not like it's IMPOSSIBLE to get around them, but it sure won't be easy.*
*Kyouhei wasn't exaggerating. *
*We may be able to deceive the human eye by going invisible, but it's by no means perfect. *
*Backround flickering around the edges of our body will appear on camera footage, so we need to be as careful as possible.*
Satoru: Better get back to the dorm.
Hazuki: Good morning to you, Arihara-kun.
Satoru: Morning, Nijouin-san.
Hazuki: You're up rather early, I see.
Satoru: Yeah, I went running.
Hazuki: Say what now?
Satoru: I normally do it the evenings, but with the curfew here, I decided I'd switch to morning jogs.
Hazuki: Ah, morning exercise! A very healthy thing to do. I approve.
Hazuki: I do some myself on occasion. There's no more refreshing way to start the day, in my opinion.
Satoru: Oh, so you do morning exercise too? That's cool.
Hazuki: Perhaps we could exercise together sometime. What do you say?
Satoru: Sure, I'd love to. But after I've gotten a little more used to life here.
Hazuki: Ah, okay... You have your priorities straight, at least. Adjusting to change is the most important thing when moving. 
Hazuki: Feel free to consult with me if you ever run into difficulties with anything.
Satoru: Thanks, I will.
*Nijouin-san is beaming.*
*Yeah, she definitely seems like the kind of person who places importance on leading a healthy lifestyle.*
Satoru: Okay, well I'm going to head back to my room so I can get changed.
Hazuki: Be careful not to fall back asleep. There would be nothing worse than being tardy on your first day.
Satoru: Yeah, I won't. I'll head down to the canteen right after I change.
Kaori: Hi there. I'm Kakimoto Kaori and I'll be your homeroom teacher.
Satoru: I'm Arihara Satoru. Nice to meet you.
Kaori: My apologies for not being able to show you around the school yesterday. That would normally be my responsibility, but I had some important research keeping me busy.
*I remember Dad saying that basically all the teachers here are astron researchers. *
Satoru: It's fine. The girl who showed us around was really nice and helpful.
Kaori: That's nice.
Kaori: Have you run into any problems so far?
Satoru: Not really. But then again, I haven't even done my class introduction yet.
Kaori: Right.
Kaori: Well, if you ever get confused about anything, I'm here to help. Given our school's focus on astron research, I imagine it's quite a bit different from the school you came from.
Kaori: I'll try my best to answer any questions you might have.
Satoru: Thanks.
Kaori: Oh, it's almost time. We need to be making our way to the classroom now.
Kaori: Good morning, class.
Kaori: As some of you may already know, we have a new student joining us today. Please come forward and tell the class a bit about yourself, Arihara-kun.
Satoru: Okay.
*I take one step forward and look out at the sea of eyes focused on me.*
*Among them I see two familiar faces, Mitsukasa-san and Nijouin-san. They're smiling. Oh, and there's also Kyouhei.*
Satoru: Hello, everyone. My name is Arihara Satoru.
*I'm no Prince Charming, but I try to come off as friendly and sociable in my short and sweet introduction.*
*A round of applause follows, led enthusiastically by Nijouin-san.*
*It probably goes without saying, but nobody seems suspicious of me.*
Kaori: Great.
Kaori: Like some of you, Arihara-kun is an Astral. This is also his first time in Research City.
Kaori: I'd like you all to help him as he adapts to his new life here.
Satoru: Thank you.
*After a bow, I step away from the podium and take my seat next to Nijouin-san.*
Hazuki: Hello again, Arihara-kun. Feel free to ask me any questions you might have during class.
Satoru: Thanks, really. I might have to rely on you quite a bit, so sorry in advance.
Hazuki: That isn't a problem.
*She smiles at me, unworried.*
*She's such a nice and caring person. I'm really glad I got to meet her. *
Satoru: ......
Hazuki: Hm? Is something the matter?
*Hiding my identity--or well, LYING--from such a good-natured person really fills me with a guilty conscious.*
Satoru: Oh, no. It's nothing. I'm still just feeling a little jittery from my self-introduction.
*I promptly end my reply with that. *
*Unfortunate as it is, I can't tell her what's on my mind right now.*
Kaori: I will now start class.
Kaori: Since we have someone new among us, I'll begin by going over the basic concepts. 
Kaori: As you are all aware, certain humans can use supernatural powers once thought to be mere pseudoscience. What makes this all possible is the astron particle.
Kaori: Astrons are able to sync with the human brain, in a sense, and when they do, they emit a characteristic energy.
Kaori: The form this energy takes varies for each person, but we generally refer to anyone who can link with astrons as an Astral.
Kaori: This raises a question, however. What determines whether or not a person's brain is capable of linking with astrons?
Kaori: Hmm. Mitsukasa-san, do you know the answer?
Ayase: Yes.
Ayase: The current scientific consensus is that it stems from major differences in the brains of Astrals versus non-Astrals.
Ayase: Researchers have pinned this down to a certain area of the cerebrum. In Astrals, this area is larger and more active than that of normal people.
Ayase: So the current theory is that when astron particles link to the brain, they link to this specific cerebral area.
Kaori: Thank you, Mitsukasa-san. You are correct.
*Her answer was near perfect, and Kakimoto-sensei seems not at all surprised by that.*
*She must be one of the smartest students in the class.*
Kaori: What determines a person's capacity for astron linking is whether or not the cortex responsible for astron perception is developed.
Kaori: Because of this, there are not only congenital types who are born Astrals, but those who become them later on life.
Kaori: Now for a question. Which is more common, congenital types or acquired types? Arihara-kun, do you know the answer?
Satoru: Congenital types.
Kaori: And do you know why that is?
Satoru: It's not uncommon for people to become Astrals at some period in life, but most of those who do hide the fact. 
Satoru: Due to that, it's hypothesized that congenital types are more likely to be open about their identity as an Astral.
Satoru: It's believed that the true number is closer to 50-50, but the discrepancy we see is because congenital types are more likely to admit that they're in Astral in surveys and censuses.
Kaori: Thank you, Arihara-kun. You seem to have studied the material ahead of time, which is a very good thing.
Kaori: We'll now go back to where we left off last class.
*I look over and notice Nijouin-san smiling at me, for some reason.*
Hazuki: You came prepared on your first day, I see. That's very laudable.
Satoru: I've never formally studied astron science before, so it was all interesting stuff for me to read about.
*I had to learn about basic astron science when I entered the SFD, which is why I knew the answer.*
*But it's been a few years since, so my knowledge is a bit rusty.*
*There are a few concepts which have been changed and revised based on the most up-to-date research, so it really was an interesting read for me.*
*The stuff Kakimoto-sensei's currently discussing is a good example. *
Kaori: While there are some differences between them, the underlying structure of the brain remains the same.
Kaori: Everyone's brains perceive astrons and interact with them, just to varying extents.
Kaori: And through experimentation, we have also observed energy being given off through this interaction. However, the energy created is microscopically small.
Kaori: This effect is seen in Astrals as well. Their brains are constantly reacting with astrons, even when they're not using their ability.
Kaori: What predominantly separates Astrals from non-Astrals is the ability of the brain to amplify said interactions through "linking."
*See, I didn't know that. The previously-held belief back when I was studying this stuff was that it was an entirely new function of the brain.*
*Our understanding of astrons is increasing significantly with each year.*
*I'm getting the feeling that I might have a lot more fun with these classes than I thought.*
Satoru: Nnngh!
*Our final class for the morning ends, and I lean back in my chair, giving my back a good stretch.*
*I can't remember the last time I paid this much attention during class. *
*Not that I skipped or slept, but I basically just daydreamed and listened the bare minimum amount needed to get by.*
Hazuki: So what did you think?
Satoru: Classes here cover material at a pretty fast pace, I have to say. I'll really need to study if I want to keep up.
Hazuki: I'd be more than delighted to help with that, if you ever feel inclined.
Satoru: Thanks, Nijouin-san.
Hazuki: But it's lunch break now, so you can relax and take your mind off classes. Make sure you eat enough to last you through the rest of the school day.
Kyouhei: Aghhh, I'm staaaarving. Satoru, you're eating, right? Come and get food with me.
Satoru: Sure. I was just gonna go to the cafeteria, but I don't know where it is. Could you show me?
Hazuki: Our school has no school cafeteria, actually. Meals are served in each individual dorm's canteen.
Kyouhei: Don't worry, they have a lot of options. And the cool thing is, the meals and quantities of food with each meal differ between the dorms.
Satoru: Sounds great. Are you okay, though? You're kind of tottering.
Kyouhei: You don't understand how hungry I am right now.
Satoru: Didn't you eat breakfast?
Hazuki: I'm once again amazed at how fast and inefficient your metabolism is.
Satoru: Oh, so he's always like this at lunch time?
Kyouhei: This is NORMAL, okay? I'm still growing. Agh, come on, can we go already? All the seats'll be gone by the time we get there.
Satoru: Yeah, let's go. We don't want that happening.
Classmate A: Hey, Nijouin-san! Wanna eat lunch with us?
Classmate B: Gosh, I'm absolutely famished right now.
Hazuki: Ah, um. Sorry, but I--
Kyouhei: Hey, don't worry about Satoru. I've got him covered.
Hazuki: But he's my responsibility. I wouldn't feel right simply abandoning him.
Kyouhei: Well, look. We guys eat like bears, yeah? So I was planning on going to dorm three's canteen today.
Hazuki: Urgh, I see... You go there with him, then. I'll eat with others today.
Kyouhei: Right. Okay, Satoru, you ready?
Satoru: Yep.
Ayase: Oh, Arihara-kun!
Satoru: Hello, Mitsukasa-san.
*As we're walking through the hallways, I suddenly notice Mitsukasa-san approaching me from behind.*
Satoru: Thanks again for yesterday.
Ayase: Don't mention it. So, did everything go well for you yesterday following my leave?
Satoru: Yeah, everything went great. I met Nijouin-san and also Kyouhei here.
Ayase: That's wonderful.
Kyouhei: We're heading to dorm three's canteen to have lunch if you wanna join us.
Ayase: Oh, dorm three...
Satoru: The look on your face says it all.
Ayase: Oh, no. My apologies. I wasn't meaning to insult the food served there, not at all. It's quite delicious.
Satoru: Are you getting lunch too? You're heading in the opposite direction we are.
Ayase: The school has an interview appointment scheduled, and I need to discuss some specifics about it with Kakimoto-sensei.
Ayase: I probably won't be returning to the dorm until late, but that's nothing unusual for me.
Kyouhei: Man, you always seem super busy. My condolences.
Ayase: It's not as bad as you'd think.
Ayase: It can be rather tiresome at times, but not everything I do is boring.
Kyouhei: Really? I can't imagine I'd ever be able to do all the stuff you do...
*Hmm. Why would a teacher be discussing details about a school interview with a student?*
*Oh, right. I forgot that Mitsukasa-san is the student council president.*
*So I guess it makes sense that they'd ask for her input? Maybe? I'm not too sure.*
Ayase: Sorry, but I need to be going now. It was a pleasure talking to you.
Kyouhei: Sure. Sorry for holding you up.
Ayase: Have a good lunch, then.
Kyouhei: Mhm. Good luck with your work!
Ayase: Thank you.
Ayase: The meals offered at dorm three's canteen are really quite delicious, Arihara-kun, so I hope you enjoy your first lunch here.
Satoru: Thanks.
*Our brief chit-chat now over with, Mitsukasa-san walks past us and down the hallway.*
Kyouhei: Man, she never gets a break.
Satoru: Does the student council president normally have a ton of responsibilities?
Kyouhei: Kind of? But not exactly...
Satoru: What's that supposed to mean?
Kyouhei: Every dorm canteen basically has it's own "flavor," so to speak. Dorm four's, for instance, is super popular with the girls.
Kyouhei: They sell really good sandwiches and desserts. 
Kyouhei: And what makes dorm three special is the QUANTITY of food in its meals! You can't beat it!
*Yeah, I can see.*
*I ordered what's supposed to be the "normal" size for my ginger pork meal, but this is a lot of food. It could probably fill up even the biggest of eaters.*
*Now I get why Nijouin-san was hesitant to come here. Most girls probably are, for that matter.*
*This might even be too much for some guys.*
Kyouhei: Time to eat!
*Kyouhei must be insane, because he ordered an EXTRA LARGE sized pork cutlet meal.*
*It's almost double that of a normal serving size. Still, Kyouhei remains unfazed. He wolfs down the mountain of food like it's nothing.*
Satoru: Okay, so let's so how this tastes.
Kyouhei: So, back to what we were talking about earlier: Mitsukasa-san's job is a bit different from that of your average student council prez.
Satoru: How so? Also, are you SURE you're gonna be able to finish all of that?
Kyouhei: So, basically Kikka Academy is the only academic institution in the country that accepts Astrals, which means they frequently get interviewed by magazines and news stations.
Kyouhei: And yeah, 'course I'll be able to finish this! Haha, this is NOTHING! I always eat a ton, so at this point, an extra large is the only thing that'll fill me up!
Satoru: Damn...
Kyouhei: And with those interviews, Mitsukasa-san's often the one who does 'em... Man, the crispy breading on this pork is just AMAZING!
Kyouhei: So most of her work is actually PR stuff instead of what you'd consider normal student council work. Ah, this meat is so sweet it's like magic in my mouth!
Satoru: I get that she's the student council president, but isn't that a lot of responsibilities to throw on a student's shoulders?
Kyouhei: Yeah, I kind of agree with you.
Kyouhei: But I think most of those journalists are, like, specifically requesting her. You know how she's kind of like a celebrity, right?
Satoru: Hmm...
Satoru: Come to think of it, my little sister mentioned that she was the most well-known Astral, or something along those lines.
Kyouhei: Did you actually not know who she was before you came here?
Satoru: Nope. I don't watch much TV or browse the web.
Satoru: Is she one of those pop idols? The ones that, umm... sell photo collections, do singing albums, handshake events, and all that stuff.
Kyouhei: She's not doing anything like that to my knowledge.
Kyouhei: Are you familiar with the accident that happened here two years back?
Kyouhei: If you remember, it was the one where the crane toppled over and destroyed the building that they were still doing construction on.
Satoru: Oh, yeah. If memory serves me, they said the cause was strong winds or something. And there were ten people reported injured.
Kyouhei: Yeah, luckily there were no actual deaths.
Kyouhei: The actual reason for that is because there was an Astral at the scene who removed the debris really quickly. 
Kyouhei: You know what I'm about to say, right?
Satoru: So Mitsukasa-san was the one who saved these people's lives during the accident? That's interesting.
Kyouhei: Yeah, and because of her heroic efforts, the public reaction was overwhelmingly positive despite people's fear of Astrals.  
Kyouhei: It probably also helped that everyone went on and on about how cute she was after she started doing interviews.
Kyouhei: Famous Astrals are pretty nonexistent to begin with, so that just made her all the more special to everyone.
Satoru: Yeah, she actually is pretty cute. I can see why she'd gain popularity.
Kyouhei: And not long after that, it was announced that she would be going to Kikka Academy, the world-famous school for astron research. Both she and the school got flooded with interview requests following that.
Satoru: I mean, I get why people would like her, but can interviews REALLY make people that famous?
Kyouhei: Well, the school also pushed her into the limelight a ton because they wanted to use her to help better the public's perception of Astrals. 
Kyouhei: The more people associate Astrals with her, the less they're inclined to think of us as mutants, y'know?
Satoru: I'm guessing that little jingle of hers was also the school's idea?
Kyouhei: Probably? Singing videos are pretty popular on the internet right now, so I'm guessing they wanted her to jump on that trend.
Kyouhei: That's all she does with it, though, to my knowledge. She doesn't actually sell CDs or anything.
Kyouhei: But yeah, everyone here really appreciates her PR work. She's done a lot to make this city and the school itself more well-known.
Satoru: I guess I can see why she's the most well-known Astral.
Satoru: I'm a little surprised she's willingly taking on all that work, though. I know I wouldn't.
Kyouhei: She's just a really good person. 
Kyouhei: "If my efforts can lead to a future where Astrals are accepted as valuable members of society, then I know I've done the right thing."
Kyouhei: I'm pretty sure I read that quote of hers in some article.
Satoru: Damn, she almost sounds like a goddess.
Kyouhei: Plenty of people share that sentiment. Guys, in particular, REALLY love her.
Satoru: I honestly feel like she'd be able to have a career as a pop idol.
Kyouhei: Other people have told me that she has no intent to ever enter show biz. She's just doing it to help other Astrals.
Satoru: Man, she's so selfless... I really feel like I'm living among a real angel here.
Kyouhei: Fame isn't always a good thing, though.
Kyouhei: I know she doesn't see herself as some kind of idol, but there are a lot of people out there who do.
Kyouhei: And apparently some of her fans can be pretty damn rabid. I'm talking like people who ACTUALLY worship her as some sort of angel or goddess.
Satoru: Wow, she has fans who straight-up worship her?
Kyouhei: Only a very small minority, though.
Kyouhei: But get this. Occassionally we get cases of some of those nutjobs trying to sneak their way into Kikka Academy.
Satoru: What the hell? That sounds like a problem.
Kyouhei: Well, there's no way they'd ACTUALLY be able to get in. We have guards and plenty of other security measures that stop 'em.
Satoru: That's relieving.
Kyouhei: Still, she stays super busy. I really have to wonder how she does it.
Kyouhei: She's the sole student allowed to stay out past curfew because her PR stuff sometimes keeps her out late.
Satoru: Man, and even now, she doesn't even get to sit down and enjoy her lunch because she has a meeting with a teacher.
Satoru: She's like some poor, overworked businessman.
Kyouhei: I don't know HOW she'd manage without lunch. Just the thought of skipping it makes me feel lightheaded.
Satoru: Looking at that gargantuan mass of food that was on your plate made ME lightheaded.
Kyouhei: This is a normal amount for a growing guy like me. And on that note, I'm done.
Satoru: I sure wouldn't be able to eat that much.
*How did he manage to finish all of that? And he even managed to finish at basically the same time I did. I'm still in disbelief.*
*Where does all that food even go? The guy's as skinny as a stick.*
Kyouhei: I'm gonna go get myself a curry sandwich before we head back to class. Wanna wait for me here?
Satoru: You STILL have room to eat?
Kyouhei: Of course. I always make room for a snack.
Satoru: Sorry, I gotta go to the bathroom, so I'll just catch you back in class.
Kyouhei: Okay.
*I watch Kyouhei as he dashes off, and after confirming that I'm alone, I scan the surrounding area.*
Satoru: Okay, time to get to work.
*I need to check out the school's buildings security before going back to my classroom.*
*Above all, we NEED to find a way to get past that astron authentication system.*
Satoru: Everything seems normal, for the most part.
*The security here is nothing compared to the myriad of cameras littered across the campus outside.*
*That probably owes to the location of the Research Center. *
*There are infrared sensors and security cameras set up at the entrance, and at various points outside it, but none inside the actual building itself.*
*Considering what we've dealt with before, this should be cake for Nanami.*
*Right that moment, my thoughts are interrupted by the vibrating of my phone from inside my pocket.*
Satoru: Dad sent me a message?
*Looks like they have the thing we talked about during our previous phone call ready.*
Satoru: That's surprising. Didn't expect them to get it done that fast.
*But the earlier, the better, so I won't complain.*
*Anyway, I don't have to worry about it until after school. *
Satoru: Time to head back to class.
*Afternoon classes then came and went. *
*Judging by what I had today, the only real difference between my previous school is the addition of the astron science classes.*
*That and the pace the material is taught, I guess.*
*I also hear PE classes are a bit special. I say that because we didn't have PE today.*
*Supposedly, if you're an Astral, the focus of the class is learning to use your ability practically.*
*It makes sense to me. Astrals naturally have the advantage over normal people when it comes to any test of fitness due to their ability.*
*Integration efforts can be a bit tricky because of this.*
*Well, I still haven't experienced what the class is like yet, so I'll hold off on saying any more.*
*We have more important things to be worrying about right now; namely, how we're going to sneak into the lab.*
Hazuki: Are you thinking of doing any extracurricular activities, Arihara-kun?
Satoru: I probably won't. At least, not now.
Satoru: I was slacking a bit at my previous school, so I need to focus on studying first so I can catch up.
Hazuki: I see. That is a wise idea.
Hazuki: Feel free to come to me for help at any time. I'd be glad to help you understand anything you might not get.
Satoru: Thanks. I'll probably take you up on that sometime in the future.
Hazuki: Sure! Whenever you need me.
Satoru: Speaking of extracurriculars, do you do anything?
Hazuki: I'm quite fond of sports and physical activity in general, but unfortunately I don't have the time to be in one due to my dorm management duties among other things.
Hazuki: I actually probably need to get going now. A teacher summoned me to look over some things.
Satoru: Man, sounds like you have a lot of work.
Hazuki: It's hardly that much. Anywho, I'll see you later.
Satoru: Bye.
Satoru: Guess I better get going too.
*After getting back to my room, I quickly change out of my uniform and head back out.*
*I go and get permission to leave, then exit the school grounds.*
*I'm making a trip to the nearby convenience store.*
Cashier: Have a nice day.
*All I got were a few cups of instant noodles and some snacks for when I get hungry at night.*
*It didn't actually matter what I bought as long as it was something, but it's obviously better to buy something I'll actually eat rather than waste food.*
Satoru: ......
? ? ?: Hey there, champ. Doing alright?
*A tall woman calls out to me.*
*She's wearing a blue jumpsuit and a similarly blue cap. There's a company label on the cap that reads "Youzei Cleaning."*
*I'm more than familiar with the name.*
*It's a fake company the SFD uses on occassion for missions. I've even worn the same jumpsuit she's wearing before.*
Satoru: Oh, so they sent you, Ooe-san?
Oue: Yep. I'm conveniently in the area on another mission, so I was the closest one.
Satoru: So I guess this means you know about us working for the organization.
Oue: Uh-huh. But I'm the only one other than the chief in the SFD who knows. He said he made it so nothing can be traced back to your real names.
Satoru: Man, this is like a scene right out of some crime show.
Satoru: The head of the organization goes missing, but since he's the only one who knows the true identity of the main character, who's an undercover agent for him, the main character can't return back to the organization.
Oue: Haha, you're right.
Oue: Who knows, maybe he wants you two to go back to leading normal lives?
Satoru: Maybe so.
*It seems like he tries to pull me and Nanami away from the SFD every opportunity he gets.*
Satoru: I might give it some thought eventually.
Oue: You're such a stubborn kid. But enough small talk; let's get to what I'm here for.
Oue: This is the present the chief wanted me to give you.
Satoru: Thanks a lot.
*The "present" Ooe-san passed me is a single sheet.*
*Though it might be too thin to be called a sheet. It's a transparent, skin-colored film.*
Satoru: This is it?
Oue: Yep. I've been told it's made of memory fiber.
Ryuunosuke: "I might have something we can use to get past that pesky security system."
Satoru: Hmm?
Ryuunosuke: "You've heard of memory fiber, haven't you? It's the material your SFD uniforms are made out of."
Ryuunosuke: "And it has the unique ability to capture and memorize astrons."
Ryuunosuke: "Normally we process it in a special way so the desired astrons become directly integrated into the fabric, but it can also absorb astrons in its unprocessed form, it just takes a bit of time."
Satoru: Isn't the material also processed so the astron infusion is permanent?
Ryuunosuke: "Yeah, but the unprocessed material can still remain infused with astrons for one or two days."
Satoru: So you're suggesting we infuse it with Shikibe Mayu's astrons?
Ryuunosuke: "You got the idea. It may or may not work depending on how pesky this security system is gonna be, but it's definitely worth a try."
Satoru: Isn't memory fiber crazy expensive, though?
Ryuunosuke: "We're not manufacturing uniforms for the entire damn unit here. All we need is enough to store a single person's astrons."
Ryuunosuke: "Our organization would be done by now if we didn't even have the money to afford something as small as that."
Ryuunosuke: "I'll have it ready ASAP. Expect something from me tomorrow regarding the delivery."
Oue: Apparently they've used these gel sheets for research purposes before, and that's why they had them ready.
Oue: They definitely do seem useful. I mean, you can conduct research on a particular ability without even having the person present. You just gotta swipe their astrons once, and that's it.
Satoru: I was wondering how he managed to prepare this so fast. That explains it.
Oue: As for how to use it, it's pretty simple--you just stick it on the person.
Oue: And the best part is it's so thin you can't even feel it. The person you're sticking won't notice a thing.
Satoru: Great. We should be able to--
Oue: One thing, though. It has to be applied directly on their skin; can't be overtop clothes.
Satoru: What?
Oue: Also, it'll need to be left on there for a few hours to complete the process.
Satoru: WHAT?!
Oue: Alright, I got things to do now, so toodles! Have fun with your mission!
Satoru: Ooe-san, wait! I--
*Are you serious? Not only do I need to find a way to stick it on the person's skin, I have to leave it on there for a few hours and take it back off?*
Satoru: Not sure how she expects me to pull this off, to be honest.
*Well, it's not Ooe-san's fault. She can't do anything about it.*
Satoru: Ugh... this sucks.
Satoru: Seriously, this is ridiculous.
Satoru: *sigh* Well, whatever. Complaining won't do a thing for me now. I'll just have to think of something.
Mayu: What's going on?
Satoru: Huh? Ah! Shikibe-senpai?!
Satoru: Hi there. On your way back to the dorms?
Mayu: Mhm. Seems like you went to the convenience store. Did I guess right?
Satoru: Yeah, I got some snacks for tonight.
Mayu: I heard you talking to yourself about something. Is everything okay?
Satoru: Oh, um, yeah. It's nothing.
Satoru: I was just trying to understand the stuff we went over in class today.
Mayu: Oh, very studious! I like that. How about this; you can sit down with little ole me, and we'll work through the problem together!
Satoru: Thanks for the offer, but I'm good.
Satoru: I want to try and figure it out on my own before I go to others.
Mayu: Oh, I like that attitude! It's good to just spend some time trying to wrap your brain around a concept you don't get.
Mayu: But if you're still struggling later and want some help, I'm always available.
Satoru: Yeah, they gave you your own lab, so I figure you must be pretty smart when it comes to this stuff. 
Satoru: I'll keep your offer in mind.
Mayu: Great. By the way, my room is room 408 in dorm three.
Satoru: Oh, coincidentally I'm also in dorm three.
Mayu: Cool, that makes things easy then. Oh, and I guess that also means we're both headed to the same place right now. Fancy that.
Satoru: Yep.
*We both start walking towards the dorm, with me one step behind her.*
Mayu: Do you care if I ask you a little question about your past, Arihara-kun?
Satoru: Like, er, what school I used to go to before I came here?
Mayu: Nope. A LITTLE further back, if you don't mind. I was kind of curious about your childhood.
Satoru: What would you want to know about my childhood?
*As we talk, I slowly and inconspicuously move my arm towards her.*
*Very, veeeery carefully...*
Mayu: Hmm?
Satoru: ......
Mayu: Were you moving your hand or something just now?
Satoru: Oh, no.
Mayu: Ah, okay. So back to what we were talking about.
Satoru: ......
*Slowly, veeeery slowly...*
Mayu: Hmm?
Satoru: *whistling*
Mayu: Huh. You can whistle pretty good.
Satoru: It's nothing special, really.
Mayu: You're better than I am, at least.
Satoru: ......
*Quietly, veeeery quietly...*
Mayu: Hmm?
Satoru: Everything alright?
Mayu: You're trying to do something with your hand, aren't you?
Satoru: What? Of course not.
Mayu: You promise?
Satoru: ......
Mayu: ......
*Dammit, this is going to be so much harder than I thought.*
*My only real options from where I am are her hands or her legs.*
*But I have to stick it on her, so I'm just going to have to do one or the other...*
Satoru: ......
*Okay, let's do this. Quiet as a mouse...*
Mayu: Are you listening to me?
Satoru: Ah!
Mayu: Hey! You ARE trying to pull something!
Satoru: Er, it's not what it looks like, I swear!
Mayu: Is this some prank? Were you going to touch me somewhere inappropriately?
Satoru: No, I wasn't!
Mayu: Care to explain why you're reaching your hand out towards me then?
Satoru: I'm just... umm...
Mayu: You're up to something. Be a good little boy and show me what you have in your hand, okay?
Satoru: I swear I'm not trying anything!
Mayu: Then you won't have any problem showing me your hand since it's empty, right? Come on, open up!
Satoru: Ahh! Wait, Senpai, stop! If you keep shoving like that--
Mayu: Huh? Ah, ahhhh!
Mayu: OUCH!
Satoru: Are you okay?
Mayu: Yeah, I'm all fine. What about you? You seemed like you fell pretty hard too.
Satoru: I'm all good. Noth--Ahh!
*My body and mind instantly freeze up when I realize the position I'm currently in.*
Satoru: ......
*My face is right in front of her crotch.*
*Even though I know I shouldn't, I can't stop myself from staring.*
*Wait, wait! This is the perfect opportunity!*
*I can stick the memory fiber gel sheet on her--Wait, hold up. Where'd the sheet go?*
*It was in my hand just seconds ago. Shit, don't tell me I dropped it?*
Satoru: Hm?
Satoru: ......
Mayu: Sorry, I shouldn't have pushed you like that... Wait, you're--?!
Satoru: Crap...
Mayu,Satoru: Ahhhhhhhhhhh?!Ahhhhhhhhhhh?!
*It's stuck on her thigh literally inches from her private parts!*
Satoru: (How did it even get there?!)
*How am I going to get that off now?! If I reach for that, sexual harrassment will be the least of my worries! I'll be charged for attempted rape!*
*Why couldn't it be somewhere like her knee?! Why does it have to be RIGHT NEXT TO HER GROIN?!*
*Oh, and if the situation wasn't bad enough already, now the sheet has blended in with her skin so I can't even see it!*
Satoru: (Fuck, I need to come up with a plan!)
*Actually, hold up...*
*The sheet is stuck on her skin now, so I've basically cleared hurdle one of my objective.*
*I mean, it could've been worse, right? Ah, fuck, who am I kidding! There's no goddamn way it could've been worse than this!*
*How am I supposed to get this thing off in a few hours?!*
*I should take it off right now while I still can, and then I'll--*
Mayu: Ngh!
Satoru: Ahh?!
*She pulled her skirt down to cover her crotch, meaning I totally just missed my window to remove the sheet.*
Satoru: Oh god...
*I'm screwed... Completely, royally screwed...*
Mayu: ......
Mayu: U-Umm, so, yeah...
Satoru: ......
Satoru: I'm so sorry! I promise it wasn't on purpose.
Mayu: Y-Yeah, I know. Sorry for, um... flashing you. You probably didn't want to see that, I know.
Satoru: What? Whoever said that?
Satoru: Honestly, um... I thought your underwear was kind of cute.
Mayu: So, uhh, about that. I know it doesn't fit my image, like, at all, but I actually like wearing frilly, bright-colored panties and--
Mayu: O-Oh, but I don't wear kiddy underwear, alright? Plenty of women wear stuff like this too--Ah, god! Why am I explaining my underwear perferences to you!
Satoru: It's nothing to be embarrassed about!
Mayu: A-Ahaha... Thanks, I guess...
Mayu: Oh, thank GOD I was wearing one of my newer pairs... I don't know if I would've been able to live if you saw me wearing some old, ripped pair of panties!
Mayu: Ah, but don't misinterpret that! Having someone see my underwear is embarrassing either way, okay?! I'm not some weirdo who gets off on flashing people!
Satoru: Don't worry, I know. I never thought you were.
Satoru: Also, umm... I think I owe you an apology. I realize it was an accident, but I still saw something of yours I shouldn't have.
Mayu: It's fine. It was basically my fault we fell over in the first place.
Mayu: Please, if you can, just wipe this whole incident from your memory... Gosh, how did I let something this embarrassing happen... Ugh.
Satoru: Of course. I'll never bring it up ever again.
Mayu: Thank you...
Mayu,Satoru: ......
Mayu: I'm, um, gonna head back to my room now!
Mayu: We can talk about your childhood some other time. Catch you later then, I guess!
Satoru: Wait, Senpai! I wasn't--
*The embarrassment must've reached a boiling point.*
*She keeps running without even sparing me a second glance.*
Satoru: Man, how am I supposed to get that sheet off now...
*I really don't want to consider it--but is force my only option here?*
*I could use the stealth function of my SFD uniform and maybe get it off while she can't see me...*
Nanami: Is that you, Satoru-kun? What are you doing standing here?
Satoru: Nanami...
Nanami: You were kind of mumbling about something. Is everything alright?
Nanami: I don't know how much help I'll be, but I can at least listen.
Satoru: So, the thing is...
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Nanami... Right! This is perfect!
Nanami: Huh?
Satoru: Nanami!
Nanami: U-Um, yeah?
Satoru: I need you to do something for me.
Nanami: I-I can try, depending on what it is. It's not everyday you ask me for a favor, Onii-chan.
Satoru: You're the only one who can help me with this.
Nanami: Only I can?!
Satoru: Yes. Only you, dear sister.
Satoru: I really hate to shove my mess onto you... but please. You have to do this for me.
Nanami: W-Well, if you ABSOLUTELY need me to then I GUESS I can help you.
Nanami: So what am I doing?
Satoru: Please don't freak out when you hear this... So, basically, the situation is as follows:
Nanami: Hmm, okay. Okay, I see. Hrmm?
Nanami: Hrm?
Nanami: You WHAT?
Nanami: Are you SERIOUS?!
Nanami: H-Hi there, Senpai! Are you free right now?
Mayu: One sec. I'm coming.
Mayu: Oh, hi, Nanami-chan.
Nanami: Sorry, I know this is kind of random. I had my brother tell me your room number.
Mayu: Oh, I don't care about that.
Mayu: So what's the problem? Need my help for something?
Nanami: Um, not EXACTLY? I just, well, still don't have any friends here and stuff, sooo...
Mayu: Oh, so you got lonely and came to see little ole me? Aww, that makes me real happy.
Nanami: So I, um, had this idea of something we could maybe do to bond together tonight.
Nanami: Would you like to t-take a bath with me?
Mayu: Wow, your skin is so pretty, Nanami-chan. Do you use anything special on it?
Nanami: Not really. Just the normal stuff everyone does.
Mayu: You really should take proper care of your skin while you're still young, though.
Nanami: Oh, will I regret not doing it down the road?
Mayu: You sure will. Imagine you accidentally walk across the street during a green light. The moment you look and see a car coming, it's too late. I'm just trying to warn you because I'd hate to see that happen to someone as pretty as you.
Nanami: Thanks for the advice. I'll try to take better care of my skin.
Nanami: But your skin is really pretty too, Senpai. You're just as attractive as any girl my age, if not more.
Mayu: Hah, I WISH that were true... The water from the shower sticks to my rough, wrinkly skin... It's depressing.
Nanami: O-Oh, but your skin really is pretty! I mean it! I, umm... even get the urge to touch it!
Nanami: On that note, Senpai. I, umm, have a bit of a weird request.
Mayu: Hm? What is it?
Nanami: Could you actually let me touch your skin?
Mayu: WHAT? Why do you want to touch my skin? Your skin is way more fair and smooth. I guarantee you'll just be disappointed.
Nanami: I won't be disappointed! I promise!
Nanami: So, umm, if you don't mind, Senpai, I'm going to go ahead and touch you!
Mayu: Ahh?!
Mayu: Wait, Nanami-chan, hold up! You have to at least--mh, kyaah!
Nanami: (God, why am I doing this? Why did I let Satoru-kun pressure me into doing this?)
Mayu: Huh?! Ahh, where are you--ahhhh! N-Nanami-chan?! Not there... mhhh!
Nanami: See, your skin is super beautiful! And you, umm, have curves in all the right places! Like here, and there, and there!
Mayu: Hm... kgh... mh, mhhh...! I can't keep my voice in... mhhh!
Nanami: You're absolutely gorgeous, Senpai! You have such a womanly, mature body. Like, um, take this spot for instance.
Mayu: Ahhhhh! I REALLY don't think there's a need for you to be touching me THERE!
Nanami: Oh, but there is! I want to check out every inch of your pretty skin!
Nanami: (It's not here! I can't find this stupid sheet anywhere! The only thing Satoru-kun gave me to work with was "around the groin area" but it's not in any of the places I've checked!)
Nanami: (What does "the groin area" even refer to in the first place?! Is this supposed to be it?!)
Mayu: Ngh! Agh! Mmh...! Eeep?! Be careful where you're touching me, Nanami-chan! That's a really sensitive area!
Mayu: Oh gosh, no! I can't keep my moans down... mmhh! Stop, please! Everyone's staring at us! Ahh!
Nanami: (Aghh, she totally thinks I'm making a move on her! She TOTALLY thinks I'm making a move on her!)
Nanami: (I'm moving my hands over all the wrong parts of her body... She definitely thinks I'm a lesbian right now!)
Nanami: (I hate you, Satoru-kun! This is all your fault for sticking that stupid sheet in a weird place!)
Mayu: *pant* *pant* *pant* Mmh, N-Nanami-chan... I think you've touched me enough for--Ahhhh!
Nanami: I'm sorry, Senpai! I'm almost done, I promise!
Nanami: (Groin area, groin area, groin area... God, why didn't I ask him to be more specific!)
Nanami: Ah! Is this it?
Nanami: (The texture feels different! It has to be the sheet!)
Nanami: (Urgh, but it just doesn't seem to want to come off... Almost, just a little bit more.) 
Mayu: Ahh, Nanami-chan... Don't caress me, like that... hm! Mhhh! That's not the kind of place, you should be rubbing with your fingers... aaah!
Mayu: Please, no more.... If you keep touching that area, I'm... I'm gonna... mh, mhh! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Nanami: Get OFF, you stupid sheet!
Mayu: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Nanami: Yes! I got it!
Mayu: *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*
Mayu: N-Nanami-chan, that was WAY too crazy of you.
Nanami: Ack?!
Girl A: Oh my gosh, was that girl just doing what I think she was?
Girl B: And in a public area too... Wow.
Girl C: I've never seen a girl that skilled with her fingers before...
Girl D: She looks cute and innocent, but wow. She's so aggressive.
Nanami: I-It's not what you think! I promise, I swear! I was doing that for, um, a very important reason!
Mayu: I can't get married after what you just did to me...
Nanami: I DON'T swing that waaaaaaaaaay!
Nanami: I hate you. I hate you SO MUCH, Satoru-kun. I've only been here for a day, and now everyone probably thinks I'm some pervert!
Satoru: I'm sorry. Really, I mean it. I don't know how to make it up to you.
Nanami: How did you even manage to stick the sheet that high on her upper thigh in the first place?!
Satoru: An accident. A very unfortunate accident.
Satoru: And I totally realize what kind of awful situation I put you in because of my mistake.
Satoru: I'll do anything to earn your forgiveness, Nanami.
Nanami: ...You mean it?
Satoru: I do.
Nanami: You promise?
Satoru: I promise.
Nanami: Then you're forgiven.
Satoru: Thanks.
Nanami: Ugh, but I still have to go to class tomorrow... They're all going to shun me, I just know it.
Satoru: Speaking of which, how'd your first day of classes go?
Nanami: Hard and exhausting. During my introduction to the class, I kind of, um... bit my tongue.
Satoru: Well, everyone makes those mistakes. Don't let it get to you.
Satoru: If anything, it probably makes you come across as more relatable.
Nanami: I guess. A girl did come up and try talking to me.
Nanami: I'm really envious of people like that. I mean, they can just go up to a random stranger and strike a conversation. I don't know how it's possible to be that sociable.
Nanami: But she might not talk to me ever again... Thanks to a certain SOMEBODY.
Satoru: I'm sorry! I really am!
Nanami: It's fine. You've apologized enough, and besides, it had to be done for the mission.
Satoru: That makes me feel a bit better. And like I said, I really will make it up to you.
Nanami: You BETTER.
Satoru: I know.
Satoru: So, on a more serious note, any progress on the security stuff?
Nanami: Yeah, I looked into it. The security in the vicinity of the school building, like I expected, isn't very tight.
Nanami: I already did some prep work around lunchtime, so you should be all good to sneak in.
Satoru: So now we just have to hope this sheet gets us in.
Nanami: I sacrificed a whole lot to retrieve it, so yeah... I'm keeping my fingers crossed.
Satoru: Same here.
Nanami: Did you already inspect the security on the inside of the school?
Satoru: Yep. I think I've got a good grasp on where everything's located. Thanks to my photographic memory, memorizing it's cake.
Nanami: I wish I could do that. That photographic memory sure sounds convenient from what you've told me about it.
*Photographic memory, also sometimes called eidetic memory, is the ability of the brain to store sights and vividly recall them after exposure.*
*My photographic memory isn't the result of any astral ability.*
*The thing is, all people have this kind of memory during early childhood, they just usually lose it gradually as they age into adulthood.*
*I'm no exception to that. I don't have photographic memory by nature.*
*However, I can temporarily regain access to that latent neural function by essentially energizing my brain.*
*That is my true astral ability: neural manipulation.*
*The ability we decided to register in the AIMS database for me, physical enhancement, works on the same principal as hysterical strength. By manipulating my brain, I can force it to maximize power output.*
*So it's very possible for me to strain my muscles or even break a bone if I go overboard.*
*This also applies to my photographic memory.*
Satoru: Well, maybe. But I get a real awful headache if I use it too much.
Nanami: Do you have one right now?
Satoru: No, I'm good.
Satoru: Anyway, you ready to start this?
Nanami: Mhm.
Satoru: Watch out. There's a camera over there, so don't move too far to the left.
Nanami: Okay.
Satoru: Another camera. Crouch down.
Nanami: Why do they have to have so many darn cameras? My back hurts...
Satoru: Over here.
*We make our way through the thicket, crouching and dodging around the view of the cameras.*
Security A: God, how is it still this hot during September?
Security B: It'll get colder in a month or two.
Security A: I sure hope so.
Security B: Come on, get moving. Our patrol's not done yet.
Security A: Just give me a sec.
Satoru: ......
*There are two security guards passing by right in front of us.*
Satoru: Okay, they're gone. You ready?
Nanami: Working on it. Just give me a little longer.
*She's tapping away on her tablet, hard at work.*
*That tablet is currently connected to the school's security system.*
Nanami: Okay, everything's overwritten now. I can only keep this going for about three minutes max before they take notice. Think you'll be able to manage?
Satoru: Three minutes? That's more than plenty.
*I approach the building and start pumping energy into my body.*
*I lift Nanami easily and start to scale the side of the building like some sort of bug. *
*We find an open window and hop in.*
*After successfully infiltrating the building, we walk through the hallways and find Shikibe-senpai's lab.*
*Now all that's left is to see whether or not the door will open.*
Satoru: Do it, Nanami.
Nanami: Okay. 
*She walks up to the sensor and puts the gel sheet on it.*
*But the sensor shows no response.*
Satoru: Hrm, I wonder why it's not working?
Nanami: Maybe the signature on the sheet is too weak?
*After heavy sighs, we both exchange looks.*
Satoru: Guess we'll have to retreat and think of something else.
*We were about to turn around, dead-set on giving up...*
*But right at that moment, we heard a light clicking noise, signaling that the door had been unlocked.*
Nanami,Satoru: "......"
Nanami: Satoru-kun, did you hear what I just heard?
Satoru: Yeah, the door just opened.
*After exchanging a nod, I grip the knob and turn.*
*And the door opens, just like that.*
*The room is dark, and nobody seems to be inside.*
*I quickly pull Nanami inside, then close and lock the door.*
*I put my ear up to it and listen for a few seconds, but I hear nothing.*
*After that, I go over to the window and look outside. Nobody there either.*
*There's not a single sound to be heard. Looks like we've managed to sneak in unnoticed.*
Satoru: Thank goodness it worked... We were about to give up, too.
Nanami: Yeah, thank goodness, really... My sacrifice wasn't for naught.
Satoru: Don't forget, the real objective is what comes now.
Nanami: Right, right. Just give me a sec and I'll get started.
Satoru: Almost there?
Nanami: Don't rush me. I won't be able to process the data any faster.
*She has the tablet in hand, looking down at it. The bluish-light from it illuminates her face in the midst of this darkness.*
Satoru: ......
Nanami: Yeah?
Satoru: Oh, nothing. I was just wondering why you aren't frantically tapping away at some keyboard, y'know, like hackers always do in TV shows and movies.
Nanami: What? Why would I do that? I'm just running a tool.
Nanami: Well, I'll admit scenes like that ARE pretty cool. I guess I could do something like that, but it'd be 100\% for show.
Satoru: Oh...
Satoru: Anyway, how much longer do you think it'll be?
Nanami: Hmm... it should be pretty soon? The security isn't very tight.
Nanami: I guess they figured they wouldn't ever have to worry about a thing since it's on a separate network? They have pretty much zero anti-hacking safeguards in place.
Nanami: Oh, speak of the devil! It's done. Now just to work a little bit of magic, and... we're in!
Satoru: Hey, I liked that one. It'd make for a great movie line.
Nanami: Right? Ehehe.
Satoru: Well, joking aside, are you in the AIMS database now?
Nanami: Yeah, just give me a sec though. Search... search... where is the darn search function on this? Not here. Maybe here? Oh, yeah, that's it.
Nanami: So I'm looking for someone with a perception impairment ability?
Satoru: Yep.
Satoru: How many are there?
Nanami: Okay, so... we have two. One adult and one student, both male.
Satoru: Are their profiles of them in there? Pictures would be great.
Nanami: Yeah, there are. Here, take a look for yourself.
*The adult is Ono Kiyokuni. He's a researcher doing astron stuff for a chemical company.*
*His height is 183 centimeters, and his weight is 85 kilograms. He isn't obese, but still a little pudgy. *
*He has a very rugged-looking face, fitting for his large physique.*
Satoru: Doesn't seem like much of a weakling to me.
Nanami: Yeah, not the kind of guy who'd cower under a threat of extortion.
Satoru: Now for the student...
*His name is Suga Hideto, and he's a first-year at this school. Height, 168 centimeters. Weight, 48 kilograms.*
*In contrast to the adult, he's extremely lean. He also wears glasses.*
*Definitely fits the image of the guy we're looking for.*
*But we shouldn't be too hasty... We can't always judge a book by its cover.*
*Either way, I'll store both of their images with my photographic memory just in case.*
Satoru: Okay, that should do it.
Nanami: Ready to pull out?
Satoru: Yeah. No point in staying here any longer.
Nanami: Okie dokie. Just let me clean up my mess a little before we leave.
*But, right as she starts fiddling with her tablet...*
*We hear an alarm go off somewhere outside.*
Satoru: Shit!
Nanami: Wait, hold up! Are you kidding?! Why is there an alarm going off?! Don't tell me I overlooked something?!
*I run up to the window and peek outside cautiously. I spy a few people hectically running about.*
*But, weirdly enough, they're not running towards the school building.*
*In fact, they're going AWAY from it.*
Nanami: Oh god, oh god, oh god! What do we do?! Did they get us with a trap? A Trojan Horse?! A reactive barrier?! I don't know why but the letters BABEL are on my screen!
Satoru: Calm down, Nanami.
Satoru: Have you been kicked out of the network?
Nanami: Huh? No, I haven't. I don't see any changes in the network! But still, why is there an alarm going off?!
Satoru: It's probably someone else who got caught.
Nanami: What? Someone, as in... someone besides us?
Satoru: Go ahead and log off the network. And do it calmly; don't panic.
Nanami: O-Okay.
Satoru: I'll go see what's going on outside.
Nanami: Are you CRAZY?! They'll catch you! If you're gonna go, don't leave me, Onii-chan! I don't wanna be here alone!
Satoru: I understand your concern, but I have to make sure we have an escape path secured.
Satoru: I won't be gone long, so can you finish up things here in the meantime?
Nanami: What am I supposed to do if someone comes in here while you're gone?
Satoru: I really doubt that'll happen, but hmm. Use your uniform's stealth ability and try to keep quiet. Oh, and don't leave the room.
Satoru: But if you have to for whatever reason, try to at least stay inside the school building. I'll come and save you as soon as I can.
Nanami: Okay!
Satoru: Lock the door behind me, okay?
*I turn around and reach for the door, but she stops me one last time.*
Nanami: W-Wait!
Satoru: Yeah?
Nanami: B-Be careful out there, Onii-chan.
Satoru: Don't worry, I'll be fine. See you in a bit, Nanami.
Satoru: ......
*As I run through the hallway cloaked with my stealth function, I activate my ability.*
*I energize my brain, heightening all of my five senses.*
*Even though I can manipulate my brain, there's a natural limit to everything I can do. *
*But the amount that I can heighten my senses by is more than enough.*
Satoru: Okay, so there definitely isn't anyone in the building.
*The security guards must be focused on something OUTSIDE.*
*Maybe someone tried sneaking on campus?*
Satoru: Well, first I need to get out there and see what's going on.
Ayase: *sigh*
Kaori: Tired?
Ayase: Ah, sorry about that... I am a little, I suppose.
Kaori: You have no need to apologize. I know I'm making you do a whole lot.
Kaori: You have no more work scheduled for the rest of the week, so use that time to relax and rest up.
Ayase: Thank you. I will.
Ayase: I'll be on my way to the dormitory, then. Good night, Sensei.
Kaori: Mhm. Get some rest tonight.
Ayase: Thank you. Now--
Ayase: Is that the security alarm?!
Kaori: What's going on?
? ? ?: Oh my god, it's her... It's really Ayase-chan!
Kaori: Who are you?!
? ? ?: W-Wait, hold up! I'm not a criminal or anything! I'm not gonna do anything bad to you guys!
Fan: I was just told that I'd be able to meet Ayase-chan if I came here... and I really did.
Kaori: How did security let a trespasser on school property?
Kaori: Get behind me, Mitsukasa-san.
Kaori: You're currently on private school property. Unless you're a student or staff member, you're illegally trespassing right now. Tell me, how did you get in here?!
Fan: Go away, lady! I'm here to see Ayase-chan!
Security B: He's over there!
Security A: Hurry!
Fan: A-Ayase-chan, can I please get your autograph?!
Security B: Hey, hold still!
Security A: Don't resist or we'll have to use force!
Fan: At least let me shake your hand, Ayase-chan!
Kaori: Go back to your dormitory, Mitsukasa-san. We'll take care of this.
Ayase: But, Kakimoto-sensei...
Kaori: He'll remain agitated as long as you're still here.
Kaori: We want him in a calm state of mind so we can question him. Please leave things here to us. Everything will be alright.
Ayase: O-Okay.
Security B: How the hell'd you manage to sneak in here, kid?!
Security A: Yeah, how'd you get past the security checkpoints?!
Fan: I-I don't know! There was no security. I just came here at the time the message told me to...
Fan: They told me I'd find Ayase-chan, and I did.
Security A: Say what?
Kaori: Who sent you this message?
Fan: Hell if I know. There wasn't a name.
Security A: And you're telling us you believed some bogus-sounding message from a random number?
Fan: Of course. They said I'd be able to see Ayase-chan... And I did! I saw the real Ayase-chan with my own two eyes!
Security A: You can't expect us to believe that, kid.
Security B: Come on, get up. You're gonna tell us all about this little "message" of yours where we're about to take you.
Fan: Oww! That hurts!
Ayase: *sigh* God, that scared the crap out of me. I never expected one of those crazies to actually show up on the school's campus.
Ayase: But how'd he even manage to sneak in here in the first place?
? ? ?: Simple. He had help.
Ayase: Wha--?!
Satoru: ......
*I don't sense anyone nearby.*
*I really want to figure out where the security guards are right now, though...*
Satoru: Ngh!
*I picked up on a faint sound through my sharpened hearing.*
*It's a voice.*
*Without a moment's delay, I take off running in the direction it came from.*
Satoru: Ah?!
*Upon reaching the location, I'm immediately stupefied at the sight I'm witnessing.*
Ayase: Let go of me!
*It's Mitsukasa-san. She's in some fancy-looking outfit, which I'm assuming means she was on her way back from that interview she mentioned during lunch today...*
*She's kicking and screaming as these two men in all black, faces covered in ski masks, try to seize her.*
*Honestly, I'd fit right in given the outfit I'm wearing right now...*
*But anyway.*
Satoru: (What the hell is going on?)
*Should I go ahead and assume these are the guys that triggered the alarm?*
*But if that were the case, then where's security? You'd think they'd come rushing over.*
Satoru: (Who are these people and what are they after?)
*Kyouhei mentioned Mitsukasa-san having some rather rabid fans, but I have an inkling that these fellows aren't exactly fans of hers.*
*They give off a criminal vibe.*
*The thing is, they're actually in a space that's not covered by the security cameras right now.*
Satoru: (Don't tell me they did that intentionally?)
Ayase: What do you want with me, you scoundrels?
Attacker A: Keep your mouth shut.
*One of the two men suddenly pulls out a knife.*
Ayase: Ah?!
*This is bad. REALLY bad.*
*He's about to put the blade against her neck.*
*Yet security, or anyone else that might save her, is nowhere in sight.*
*Actually, on second thought, what would they even be able to do? Those men already have her at knife-point...*
Satoru: ......
*Saving her isn't my priority. I have my own very crucial mission to worry about.*
*And if I try anything here, it could potentially put that very crucial mission in jeopardy.*
*I know I shouldn't step in, but I can't just sit by and watch this.*
Satoru: (Not as those bastards are about to hurt her!)
*I spring into motion, leaving my covered location.*
*I make a beeline for the two men in black.*
Satoru: Get away from her!
Attacker B: Kgh?!
*My first course of action is to draw their attention towards me.*
Attacker A: Optical camouflage?!
Satoru: (Got 'em!)
*They both stare at me, flabbergasted. This is the perfect opening for me to do something.*
*The initial shock will wear off after a second or two, so I have to make something happen in that time.*
Satoru: (Get the guy with the knife off Mitsukasa-san!)
Attacker A: Kgh!
*I slam my elbow into his abdomen, knocking him away from her.*
*It makes him stagger some, however he doesn't collapse and regains his balance shortly after.*
*I struck him in muscle area, too. I felt the hard, tough tissue.*
Satoru: (I knew these guys weren't amateurs.)
*I dart back towards him, wasting no time, and knock him in the air.*
Attacker A: Ugh?!
*With that uppercut to the chin, his body makes a vertical dive to the ground and he loses consciousness.*
*Sweet. That's one down.*
*The other guy has regained his composure now, and is glaring at me menacingly.*
*He closes in on me with fluid movements. I look at his hands and see a knife in it.*
Attacker B: Hngh!
*He immediately tries to slash me once he's in range.*
*But my uniform's stealth works wonders in this darkness.*
*It should be impossible for him to ascertain my precise location.*
Attacker B: Tch!
*Knowing the situation is fully in my control, I continue dodging his attempts with ease.*
Attacker B: Motherfucker!
*The rage and impatience is gradually starting to make his movements sloppier.*
*Once I find a good opening, I instantly grab his arm and lock it.*
Attacker B: Aghhh!
*The man drops his knife as he groans in pain. *
*Now that I have him fully restrained, I hit him with one last blow.*
*His body goes limp and he sinks to the ground, unconscious.*
*With him out of the way, I've now taken out both of the assailants.*
*But I still have one more thing to worry about...*
Ayase: What... was that? What's going on?
Satoru: (Well... shit.) 
Satoru: %117;(I'm so screwed!)
*I saw an innocent girl in serious danger.*
*Considering her life was threatened, I don't regret doing what I did in the slightest.*
*Honestly, this was the reason I joined the SFD in the first place. I wanted to use my powers to help others.*
*I know I'll likely receive punishment of some sort for this, but I was prepared to do that when I stepped in.*
*Still, though... now my dad has to deal with this mess I've created, and I feel a bit bad about that. *
*Maybe I could just not report this? No, what am I thinking? That's a terrible idea.*
*I'll report everything faithfully and accept whatever punishment I'm given.*
Ayase: Who are you? And who were those people?
Satoru: ......
*The stealth function of my uniform is still in effect, so she can't have seen my face.*
*I can think about the repercussions later; first, I need to get out of here ASAP.*
*But the instant I try to move my foot... a hand grabs it.*
Attacker A: I got you now, punk!
Satoru: Ack!
*Did I not hit him hard enough?!*
*The guy I knocked out first is back up. He regained consciousness a lot quicker than I anticipated.*
*He lifts his arm and slashes my flank with his knife.*
*Or... would have. Mitsukasa-san was blocking the way.*
Ayase: Huh?!
Satoru: Mitsukasa-san!
*She was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time.*
*After the knife slices her, she tumbles back lifelessly.*
Satoru: You son of a bitch!
*I send the the man flying with a strong kick to the head. Hopefully he should be out for good this time.*
*Leaving him, I run over to Mitsukasa-san, who's lying on the ground.*
Satoru: Are you okay?!
Ayase: Stop! Let go of me!
Satoru: Calm down! I'm not with those guys! I won't hurt you!
Ayase: Huh? That voice belongs to... Arihara-kun? Is that you?
*I deactivate stealth mode to skip the explanation.*
Ayase: It is you... But what's going on? What's the meaning of all this? I'm so confused.
Satoru: Worry about that later! We need to take care of that laceration on your chest first! If we don't stop the bleeding quick you'll be in big trouble!
Ayase: The bleeding? Huh? Ah, wait! My chest!
Ayase: Wait, wait, back up! I'm not hurt, I promise! I'm totally fine!
Satoru: How?! That guy slashed you with his knife!
*I saw it with my own two eyes, so it can't be a misunderstanding.*
Satoru: Quick, show me the wound! I need to apply first-aid ASAP!
Ayase: Look, let's just relax! Okay? Pretty please? Everything's okay, I swear!
Ayase: Ah, no! No no no! Stop! Don't do thaaaaaat!
Satoru: Ah!!
*She tries to slide backward away from me, frightened.*
*But I quickly and forcibly pry away the arm she's using to hold down her chest area.*
**plop**
*The torn fabric of her shirt juts open, exposing her cleavage. That knife cut deep.*
*I can see parts of her bra, embarrassingly enough, but now isn't the time for that.*
*Actually, the fact that even her bra was cut in half only goes to show that this REALLY WAS a deep cut.*
*But there's one thing that doesn't quite add up.*
*Where's the blood? With a cut that severe, it makes no sense for there to be no blood at all.*
*I notice something else on the ground, however.*
Satoru: Are those your breasts?!
Ayase: A-A-A-A-A-Ahhhh!
Satoru: Wait... what ARE these?
*The possibility that part of her cleavage had been cut off actually crossed my mind for a second, but that doesn't seem to be what I'm looking at.*
*It's something oblong-shaped and made of fabric.*
*I've never actually seen them before, but I think I do know what these are.*
Satoru: Breast pads?
Ayase: Ack!
*Actually, on second glance, there's more than just the cloth pads.*
*Beneath her normal bra, I see a second, silicon bra.*
*She really went the extra mile on these paddings...*
*So I guess what this means is that the knife cut deep, but wasn't able to penetrate the thick layer of her breast paddings.*
*You might even say that her life itself was saved due to the noble sacrifice of her pads.*
*But back to the problem at hand...*
*I need to do something to calm the situation. Her eyes are open as wide as they physically can, and she's absolutely petrified.*
*But... what even CAN I do?*
*They say that every girl has her secrets, but this seems to be the kind of deep secret that she wouldn't even share with her closest female friends.*
*Yet I, a guy, have now stumbled upon it by accident.*
Ayase: Ah, ah, a-a-ahhh!
*Her face is red as a tomato, and she looks about to cry at any second.*
Satoru: Calm down! Just calm down!
*I need some guards to come apprehend the two assailants, but the situation I'm currently in doesn't paint a pretty picture for me.*
*Okay, just take a deep breath and think things through.*
Ayase: You're asking ME to calm down? Given the position that I'm in right now?
Satoru: L-Look, I'm sorry! I just thought you were seriously injured and, well... panicked...
Ayase: What are you, freaking deaf?! I told you I wasn't injured! I TOLD YOU! But you... you still pulled my arm away, despite all my protests!
Ayase: Why do I have to suffer like this. Why do I have to be put through this humiliation... Aghhhh...
Satoru: How was I supposed to know the pads blocked the impact?!
Ayase: Urgh!
Satoru: I mean, I'm still half in disbelief, but it is what it is. I guess the true hero of the day is those pads of yours?
Ayase: You--
Ayase: What was that? I was SAVED by these pads? Are you saying it's a GOOD thing these tits are fake? How dare you... How DARE you insult me like that...
Ayase: NGGGGHHHHH!
Satoru: Why are you glaring at me?! Why do you sound like you want to kill me right this instant?! 
Ayase: Who do you think you're callin' Captain Flatearth, punk! I'm gonna beat the everliving crap outta you!
Satoru: What?! I never called you that!
Security B: I heard a scream from this direction!
Kaori: Mitsukasa-san, are you alright?!
Security A: What?! There were more intruders?!
*Shit, this is bad!*
*I need to get out of here pronto!*
Ayase: Why are you even OUT here to begin with? At this time of night? It's way past curfew! And what the heck was that invisibility whatever it was you were just using?
Satoru: Err, I don't know how to explain that to you.
Ayase: Who ARE you?
Satoru: That's a very good question...
Kaori: Mitsukasa-san! Where are you?!
*Crap, the voices are getting louder! I don't have any more time to waste.*
Satoru: Look, okay?
Satoru: %117;I'm, umm... I'm here to protect you!
Ayase: WHAT?!
*Only after the fact do I realize the stupidity of what I just blurted out.*
================================================================================
Ryuunosuke: "That sure was a stupid thing to say, alright."
Ryuunosuke: "Seriously, what the hell were you thinking?"
Satoru: ...I apologize.
Satoru: I instantly regretted it after I said it. I'm fully aware of the gravity of my actions.
Ryuunosuke: "*sigh* Talk about a curveball. I don't even know what to say right now."
Ryuunosuke: "I want to make sure I have everything right, so could you repeat everything that happened for me again?"
Satoru: So we investigated the potential suspects involved in the counterfeit money case, and found two: their names are Ono Kiyokuni and Suga Hideto.
Satoru: Based on the profiles of both the individuals, we believe that Suga Hideto is most likely the one.
Ryuunosuke: "I've currently got the police working on that, so hopefully we'll receive some good news soon."
Ryuunosuke: "So now let's get to the messy stuff."
Satoru: By some stroke of bad luck, there happened to be other intruders on the school campus at the same time we were hacking into the database. They seemed to be after Mitsukasa Ayase, who I assume you already know of.
Satoru: While I was in the middle of scouting our escape route, I stumbled upon them trying to kidnap her. One of them pulled out a knife, so fearing for the worst, I jumped in and took them out.
Ryuunosuke: "And you say she saw your face, right? And also saw you using your stealth function."
Satoru: She did... Once again, I'm so sorry.
Ryuunosuke: "*sigh*"
Satoru: I didn't want to think about what might have happened to her if I didn't intervene.
Ryuunosuke: "I know, that's just the kind of person you are. You'll prioritize a person's safety over anything else in a situation like that."
Ryuunosuke: "As your father, I'm glad to see you performing good deeds... From the mission's perspective, though, it was clearly the wrong decision."
Satoru: I know.
Ryuunosuke: "But whining won't change anything. What's done is done. So how much did you end up telling this girl?"
Ryuunosuke: "You better not have told her you were from the SFD like a damned fool."
Satoru: No. All I told her was--
Satoru: I'm, umm... I'm here to protect you!
Ayase: WHAT?!
Ayase: Th-The heck are you talking about?!
Satoru: Look, I understand your confusion, but we have more pressing matters on our hands right now.
Satoru: Nobody can find out that I was here.
Satoru: So I need you to tell Kakimoto-sensei that you took out those two men. Please help me out! This is really important!
Ayase: ......
*I deeply bow to her once more.*
*All Mitsukasa-san does, however, is continue to stare at me in confusion.*
*Normally the mannerly thing to do in this situation is to keep one's head bowed until the other party speaks, but...*
Security A: There's someone lying on the ground over there!
Security B: They're not a student!
Satoru: Kgh!
*I have to go NOW!*
Satoru: Sorry, again!
Ayase: Wait, where are you going? Hold up!
*Ignoring her response, I turn around.*
*I run off into the trees and turn my stealth function back on.*
*Mere seconds later, Kakimoto-sensei and a group of security guards are standing where I once was.*
Kaori: Are you alright, Mitsukasa-san?!
Ayase: Sensei...
Kaori: What in the world happened here?
Ayase: A pair of men tried to assault me. I don't know who they were, nor what they wanted.
Kaori: And you fought them off?
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Yes. I used my ability and knocked them out. I'm very sorry acting so rashly.
Kaori: Don't apologize. Those men were armed with knives, so you had every right to defend yourself.
Kaori: You aren't wounded anywhere, are--Wait, your shirt is ripped! Don't tell me they cut you?!
Ayase: What? Oh, no! I'm alright. Thankfully, they only sliced my shirt. 
Kaori: Really?
Ayase: Yes. I didn't sustain any wounds whatsoever.
Kaori: Alright. Let's get you back to your dorm, then. We can let the security take care of the rest here.
Kaori: Also, I need to apologize. It was a fatal error on my part to assume there was only one intruder and leave you on your own.
Kaori: I still can't believe they used that crazy fan of yours as a mere distraction.
Ayase: Actually, umm...
Kaori: Yes?
Ayase: Nevermind, it's nothing.
Ryuunosuke: "So you think she's going to keep everything a secret for the time being?"
Satoru: Yeah. Heavy emphasis on "for the time being," though.
*If I had to guess, I'd say she's currently trying to figure me out.*
*Namely, figure out if I'm a person she can trust. If I am, she keeps my secret, but if I'm not, she reports me.*
Ryuunosuke: "Were you in the vision of any cameras when you de-stealthed?"
Satoru: No, the men chose a blind spot for their attack, so there should be no footage of me or the attack on Mitsukasa-san as a whole.
Satoru: I'd say it was actually an intentional choice by them. They must have known.
Ryuunosuke: "Meaning this was a premeditated attack, not something spontaneous. That's a rather concerning prospect, but we need to figure out your situation first."
Ryuunosuke: "At the very least, you say you think you've avoided the worst case scenario?"
Satoru: Well, I haven't been summoned by a teacher or any other school faculty member.
Ryuunosuke: "So, if you manage to win the trust of Mitsukasa Ayase, we can probably keep the damage dealt to a bare minimum. That's good."
Ryuunosuke: "All you can do now is reap the seeds you've sown."
Satoru: What do you mean?
Ryuunosuke: "You're the one who chose to show off and make that manly declaration, right? So now you have to take responsibility and be what you said you were."
Satoru: Err, am I getting any punishment from the organization?
Ryuunosuke: "As much as I'd love to, there's not much I can do while you're still assigned to the counterfeit money case... At the very least, though, expect a pay cut."
Satoru: Okay.
Ryuunosuke: "I'm also going to assign you a new mission: Protect Mitsukasa Ayase."
Satoru: You want me to do this in conjunction with the infiltration mission I'm currently on?
Satoru: Here I was thinking you were going to pull me off it entirely...
Ryuunosuke: "I already told you. We have nobody more fitting than you two for this mission at Kikka Academy."
Ryuunosuke: "I'd be ruining your lives if I pulled you off, anyway. No school in this country would accept a kid who dropped out of the famous Kikka Academy."
Ryuunosuke: "They'll think for sure that you're an Astral with behavior problems."
Ryuunosuke: "And as your father, I need to ensure that you're able to graduate and get a good education."
Satoru: Understood.
Ryuunosuke: "You said these guys weren't amateurs, right? If that's the case, we have to expect that more of their kind will come after Mitsukasa Ayase eventually."
Ryuunosuke: "But I'm sure I don't need to tell you that."
Satoru: Right.
Ryuunosuke: "Knowing you, you're probably going to try and do something about it."
Ryuunosuke: "So I might as well keep you on this mission so I'm aware of what you're doing."
Satoru: Thank you.
Ryuunosuke: "Come on, don't be thanking me. I'm not trying to condemn you here. I understand why you did what you did, even if it's not good for the organization."
Ryuunosuke: "Well, honestly, who's to say? That Mitsukasa Ayase's a girl who, in a sense, controls the future for all of us Astrals."
Satoru: Is she that big of a deal even among the general public?
Ryuunosuke: "Not really. She's an internet celebrity, but at the end of the day, she's just one girl."
Ryuunosuke: "But, what I was trying to say is, if she ends up being murdered some way or another, people might conclude that her being an Astral was the reason."
*It's unlikely that EVERYONE would say those things, but still, a significant enough portion of the population still harbors ill-feelings toward Astrals.*
*We still have a long way to go as a society before Astrals are truly accepted.*
Ryuunosuke: "The ensuing societal unrest from that might cause Japan to lag behind other countries in astron research. And that has significant economic consequences."
Ryuunosuke: "Well, take this all with a grain of salt. I'm just speaking hypotheticals here."
Satoru: VERY hypothetical.
Ryuunosuke: "Look, just shut up and nod along, kid. I'm trying to come up with a justifiable reason to keep you on this job."
Ryuunosuke: "I'm just as much of a moral crusader as you, pal. Now that I know that girl's in danger, I can't just sit back and watch."
Ryuunosuke: "Hence why I'm officially giving you the task of protecting her. And naturally, we'll support you in any way we can."
Satoru: Thank you.
Ryuunosuke: "You better talk things through with her and get her on your side, you got that?"
Ryuunosuke: "If negotiations fall through and she reports you to the school, however, then everything I just said is off the table. And don't expect us to go lightly on your punishment."
Satoru: ...Roger that.
Ryuunosuke: "Regarding the counterfeit money case, I want you to wait on standby until I give you further orders. Once we have confirmation on who our guy is, I'll tell you how to deal with him appropriately. That's all. You're now dismissed."
Ayase: Good morning, Arihara-kun.
*After ending the phone call with my dad, I made my way down to the first floor where Mitsukasa-san was apparently waiting for me. She's smiling at me warmly. *
Satoru: Good morning.
Ayase: I really am glad to see you again. Honest to goodness, I was worried you might have immediately transferred away to a different school.
Satoru: Thanks to you, I don't think I'll have to worry about anything on that front.
*But man...*
Satoru: ......
*Those voluminous breasts of hers are actually just layer upon layer of padding...*
*Who would've thought?*
*Honestly, I have to give props to her craftsmanship. They look as good as real...*
Ayase: Do you need something?
Satoru: Oh, no. Sorry.
Satoru: Were you waiting for me, by any chance?
Ayase: Yes, I was. Could I borrow a bit of your time later in the day?
Satoru: Err, sure, but could you tell me what you want to talk about, just in case?
Ayase: *giggle* Aren't you a silly one. I'm sure you know exactly what I want to talk about.
Satoru: Sorry, I was just making sure.
*If she really was as good and kind-natured as her personality let on, I'd have no problem getting her to trust me.*
*But, as fate would have, that also seems to be fake--along with her tits.*
Satoru: But yeah, we can talk. So, until then, I'd appreciate it if you could, umm *ahem*.
Ayase: Of course. That won't be a problem whatsoever. Likewise, *ahem*... I don't need to explain what I want you to do, do I?
Satoru: O-Oh, no, not at all. I understand.
Ayase: Wonderful. Now we just need a time. Hmm... would you like to join me in the president's room during lunchtime?
Satoru: Sure, but can you give me some time to finish my lunch first?
Ayase: Absolutely. I have no meetings scheduled for that time period, so you can drop by whenever is convenient for you.
Satoru: Thanks.
Ayase: Alright. Until then.
Satoru: ......
*Man, that smile is giving me shivers.*
*She isn't gonna, like... try to kill me in there, is she?*
Nanami: So how'd it go? Think you'll be able to win her over?
Satoru: No idea yet.
Satoru: She's giving me a chance to explain, so hopefully that goes well.
Nanami: It's so weird, though. Why were those bad guys targeting her in the first place?
Satoru: Your guess is as good as mine.
*Knowing that would easily give us the upper hand against them, but as of now, we have no clues to work off of.*
Satoru: We probably won't be able to investigate that and the counterfeit money stuff at the same time, unfortunately.
Satoru: We'll probably just have to let the chief handle it.
Nanami: Is there anything I might be able to do?
Satoru: Just wish me luck.
Satoru: Because I'm gonna need it to avoid dying today.
Nanami: Wait, hold up. What do you even DO to her?
Satoru: It's complicated, alright?
*Nanami's my sister and my work partner, but still...*
*Out of respect for Mitsukasa-san, I probably shouldn't tell her about the pads.*
Nanami: ......
Satoru: Why are you looking at me like that, Nanami? I didn't even say anything.
Nanami: Oh, you don't need to; I have a VERY GOOD idea of what it was. Probably some accidental sexual situation you got into with her, just like the thing with Shikibe-senpai from the other day.
Nanami: Here, I'll even take a guess. You tripped, fell, accidentally removed her panties and bra in the process, sucked on her nipples and fondled her breasts, and then to top it off--fell face-first into her crotch.
Satoru: To pull something like that off would require an act of God, and unfortunately, I'm not that special.
Nanami: So I'm sure. But still, it WAS something sexual, was it not?
Satoru: Well, err, I guess? Kind of, in a way?
Nanami: Color me surprised.
Satoru: Look, I promise I'll get her on our side, so just spare me whatever insults you have in mind right now, okay?
*I end the conversation at that.*
*The main reason I did that isn't out of my own interest--but rather because there's currently someone running toward us.*
? ? ?: Hi there!
Nanami: Huh? Oh, Mibu-san. Good morning.
*The short girl runs up to us and shoots a cheerful greeting at Nanami.*
*A classmate of hers, I'm guessing.*
Girl: Used to school life yet?
Nanami: Umm, not really... sorry. It's still only my second day.
Girl: Ahaha. Why're you apologizing, silly? There's nothing wrong with that.
Girl: If you ever need help with anything, I'm your girl! We're not only class buddies, but dorm buddies too!
Nanami: R-Right. Thank you very much.
*I can tell from the tone of Nanami's voice that she's more than a little nervous.*
*But her friend takes no offense from that. Her smile is still as bright as the sun.*
*Oh, come to think of it, Nanami did mention something about this really outgoing girl being in her class. This must be her.*
Girl: By the way... who is this boy I see here with you?
Nanami: Oh, yeah. His name's Satoru, and he's my older brother.
Girl: Oh, so he's your brother? That makes sense. I was wondering why you were acting so familiar around him.
Chisaki: Oh, sorry! I should probably introduce myself, huh? Hi, I'm in the same class as your sister! My name's Mibu Chisaki!
Satoru: Arihara Satoru. Nice to meet you. I'm Nanami's older brother by one year.
Chisaki: Looking forward to getting to know you, Senpai!
Satoru: Me too.
*Senpai...*
*I've never had any friends younger than me before, so I've never actually experienced someone calling me "senpai" before. I gotta say, though... it's pretty nice.*
Satoru: On that note, I hope you can get along with my sister.
Satoru: She's a bit shy and won't really talk to people unless they talk to her first, but I promise she likes being around other people.
Satoru: If anything, she gets lonely real easily, so please try to make her feel welcome at school.
Chisaki: Absolutely! 
Nanami: Satoru-kun?! You didn't have to go and say all that stuff on my behalf!
Satoru: I did have to, though. I'm your brother, and it's my responsibility to look out for you.
Nanami: No, it is not! You've been saying this same spiel everytime we meet someone new, I swear! Hmph!
Satoru: And who's going to say this stuff if not me? We both know you're way too shy to do that.
Nanami: You never even established why it's necessary in the first place!
Chisaki: Pfffft! Aha, hahaha!
Nanami: Ah, eek... kgh. Now she's laughing at me... Look what you did...
Chisaki: Sorry, sorry. I didn't mean anything bad by it, I promise. You just look like you're having a lot of fun. It's a side I never got to see of you in the classroom yesterday.
Nanami: Nghh! I'll, um, I'll see you in the classroom!
Chisaki: Hey, wait! Don't go without me!
Chisaki: Well, I gotta get going now, Senpai. Have a good day!
Satoru: Sorry, I know she's a handful.
Chisaki: That's alright by me!
*She nods with a big, wide smile on her face.*
*After which she immediately chases after Nanami.*
Chisaki: Hey! Can I call you Nanami-chan?
Nanami: Oh, um, y-yeah... I guess.
Chisaki: Cool! You can also call me Chisaki! I highly recommend it!
Nanami: Um, er... Ch-Chisaki-chan...
Chisaki: Heeheehee! Thanks so much!
*With a friend like that girl, I think Nanami will be more than well off.*
Chisaki: Oh, Nanami-chan. I wanted to ask you about this weird rumor going around. Something about you and this other girl in the bath yesterday?
Nanami: Whatever they're saying about me, it's ALL wrong!
*I probably need to worry more about myself...*
*It's lunchtime, and I've come to the president's room after eating, as promised. I'm currently standing in front of the door, taking deep breaths as I prepare myself.*
*After calming my nerves, I knock on the door.*
Ayase: Yes?
Satoru: It's me, Arihara. Can I come in?
Ayase: Wait one moment.
*Hearing that, I step a bit away from the door and wait for her to tell me come in.*
Satoru: ......
*I hear voices inside.*
*I could probably overhear their conversation if I used my ability, but yeah... I'm not going to do that.*
*Maybe it's another interview?*
*A second later, however, the door opens and out walks--*
Satoru: Principal Ise?!
Atsunori: Apologies for the wait. I had something I needed to discuss with her.
Satoru: Th-That's quite alright, sir.
*Oh god, don't tell me she told him about what I did yesterday?*
Atsunori: What do you think of the school so far?
Satoru: W-Well, I've only been here for two days, so I'm not sure if my opinion means anything yet.
Satoru: But I do find the astron science classes to be very interesting.
Atsunori: Good. I'm glad to hear you're enjoying your classes.
Atsunori: Make sure you study hard and do well.
Satoru: I will.
Atsunori: Well, I'll be taking my leave now. Goodbye.
Satoru: Goodbye, sir.
Satoru: ......
*He leisurely walks off.*
*I didn't feel any suspicion from him during that short conversation, which is good.*
Satoru: I guess she's abiding by my request, at least for the time being.
*I mentally prepare myself, then knock on the door again.*
Ayase: Come in.
Satoru: Pardon me.
Ayase: I'm glad to see that you came! Thank you for keeping our promise.
Satoru: Well, this is just necessary for me as it is for you.
Ayase: Go ahead and close the door behind you. Oh, and please lock it too, if you don't mind.
*Propelled by the force of her gentle smile, I lock the door just like she said.*
*The clicking noise resounds across the silent room.*
Satoru: Sorry, did I interrupt your discussion with the principal?
Ayase: Oh, not at all. He and I weren't talking about anything of much importance, really.
Satoru: Oh, that's good. I was a little worried.
Ayase: Okay. So, if you're ready, why don't we cut right to the case?
*Then, in the blink of an eye, that cheery smile drops to a disinterested half-frown.*
Ayase: I guess I can drop the stupid goody-two-shoes act. You already know, don't you?
Satoru: ......
*I already figured her personality was an act when she said she was going to murder me yesterday, but man...*
*Talk about a 180. The difference is like night and day.*
*I won't say it's a TOTAL opposite, but I sure as hell won't be calling her an angel or a goddess anymore.*
Ayase: So, uh, do you care if I eat while we talk and stuff? I didn't get to 'cause of all the crap I had to talk to the principal about.
Satoru: Go ahead.
Ayase: Cool.
Ayase: Mhh. So sweet.
*There's not a single trace of the gentle, kind-hearted Mitsukasa Ayase in the girl before me lazily munching down on this muffin.*
Ayase: So yeah, considering what we're gonna be talking about and all, I think it's better if we just cut the BS and be honest from the start. 
Satoru: Okay.
Ayase: So? Wanna explain for me?
Satoru: Um, explain what?
Ayase: What happened yesterday, duh.
Satoru: Oh, right...
Satoru: If you're worried about me discovering the breast pads, then--
Ayase: Shut your goddamn mouth or I'll kill you!
Ayase: Nobody said a WORD about that! I was asking for an EXPLANATION, you dimwit!
Satoru: Oh, sorry. I didn't realize you were talking about me...
Ayase: ...You better not be screwing with me on purpose.
Ayase: Just so we're clear, no more of your funny little "jokes." I'm not in the mood for that crap right now.
Ayase: Oh, and if you even DARE call me Flatwoman, President Boobless, or Captain Flatearth one more time... Well, let's just say you won't ever be having kids.
Satoru: Wait, hold up! What do you mean?! I've never once called you any of those things!
Ayase: Whatever.
Satoru: Also, umm, I'm not sure I want to ask... but what are you going to do to me that's going to make it so I can't have kids?
Ayase: What? Come on, I don't need to spell it out for you. I'm gonna crush your--
Ayase: ......
Ayase: ......
*So she has a sense of shame like a normal girl. That's good to know.*
Ayase: Who cares about that! Look, all I'm trynna say is, you give me some dumb nickname and I'll make you regret it.
*Frowning, she starts to munch away on her muffin again. Maybe that's just a way of trying to hide her embarrassment?*
Satoru: What is your obsession with these nicknames? I've never called you anything, nor have I ever tried to make fun of you.
Ayase: Yeah, I BET. Says the guy who randomly brings up my freaking pads out of nowhere.
Satoru: I mean, you brought up yesterday, and I figured that was your biggest worry out of that whole ordeal.
Ayase: Umm, can you please stop reminding me? Yeah, okay? That'd be great.
Ayase: *sigh* I guess you really did see my tits and everything...
Satoru: Oh, um, actually...
Satoru: I didn't see your breasts. The second, silicon bra you had on was covering them, so--
Ayase: Shut your damn mouth, pal, or I'm gonna send your ass straight to heaven!
Satoru: Why?! I was literally stating the truth!
Ayase: And that's LITERALLY not the freaking point, you dumbass! Did you really expect that to make me feel better? Like, really? REALLY?
Ayase: I would REALLY appreciate it if you'd hurry up and catch a hint. All your little smartass remarks are doing is pissing me off more and more.
Satoru: I'm sorry.
*I guess I just lack the conversational skill to do anything helpful in this situation.*
*Might as well just stop trying.*
Ayase: Look, forget about my p-p... *ahem* pads... I need to ask you about something.
Ayase: You said you were here to "protect me." How am I supposed to interpret that?
Satoru: ......
*Here we go.*
*I hate lying to people. I felt awful doing it to Nijouin-san, and now I'm going to have to do it again.*
*I know I don't have a choice--I can't simply tell her EVERYTHING--but I can't help but feel guilty about it.*
*Well, I still have to say something. I can't stand here silently thinking forever.*
*I push my qualms aside and look Mitsukasa-san straight in the eye.*
Satoru: It means exactly what you think it does.
Satoru: I've been tasked with protecting you, and after last night, I don't think it needs explaining why protecting you is necessary.
Ayase: That tells me nothing.
Satoru: Sorry, but I don't have enough knowledge on the matter to adequately answer your question.
Satoru: All I know is that you'll most likely be targeted again at some point in time.
Ayase: Why are these guys after me?
Satoru: Unfortunately, I haven't been informed.
Satoru: But I can promise you that I'm not an enemy. I'm on your side, I swear.
Ayase: Just who the heck are you, then?
Satoru: Arihara Satoru. I'm an Astral who started school as a second-year two days ago at Kikka Academy. All of that is the truth.
Ayase: Maybe, but that's not the full story. You're hiding something, aren't you?
Satoru: Sorry, but I can't answer that.
Ayase: Who are you working for? Surely you don't expect me to believe you're some lone wolf crime fighter.
Satoru: I can't answer that.
Ayase: It's always "I don't know." "I can't answer that." this or that. You're literally explaining nothing to me, you know that?
Satoru: I know, but unfortunately, there's just nothing I can do about that.
Ayase: ......
*Her glare is rife with suspicion, but after a second, she just sighs and looks away.*
Ayase: Well, not like I didn't expect this.
Satoru: I'm kind of surprised you're accepting my non-answers.
Ayase: It's not hard to piece the clues together.
Ayase: This school has a pretty thorough background check on incoming students, yet you managed to transfer here no problem.
Ayase: So you're probably working some really "special" job of some sort, no?
Satoru: ......
Ayase: I mean, you literally turned invisible last night. And I know that can't be your ability 'cause yours is physical enhancement.
Ayase: Oh, yeah. I went ahead and looked into your profile a bit. Sorry.
Ayase: Anyway, the only way you could've done that is if you had some sort of device or tool on you that can make you invisible.
Ayase: Essentially, you're an Astral working a job that you can't tell me about, using technology that hasn't even been made public. You're clearly working for some sort of secretive group out there.
Satoru: ...Touche.
Ayase: So, when you consider that, it's honestly not much of a surprise that you can't answer any of my questions.
Satoru: Sorry.
Ayase: But why are you even protecting me? Are you guys some moral defenders, beat-up-bad-guys type of group?
Satoru: Moral defenders, haha... I wish.
*We actually break the law on occasion for what we do.*
*Besides, any entity that operated "morally" wouldn't need to work behind the eyes of the public in the first place.*
Satoru: I'm sorry that I have to leave you in the dark, but I just want you to know, I as an Astral want to use my ability to help people.
Satoru: So when I saw you being attacked yesterday, I just had to do something. But I know it's hard to trust a person in this short a time, believe me.
Satoru: The fact of the matter is, though, I DID save you yesterday. And I also came here like you asked instead of running away.
Satoru: So could you at least hold off on reporting me for now? I just need some more time to prove myself to you. 
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Fine.
Satoru: Thanks... really.
Ayase: Oh spare me the thanks, please... Look, just so we're clear, I don't trust you. I can't trust a person who won't tell me anything.
Satoru: I know that.
Ayase: But I guess you did kinda save my life, so I owe you.
Ayase: Anyway, you said I'm gonna get attacked again some time? Like, who even are these guys?
Satoru: It's currently being investigated, and that's all I've been told.
Satoru: But, at the very least, they're not affiliated with us.
Satoru: Hence we can't guarantee your safety in the coming days and weeks.
Satoru: So, with that in mind, try to always be with someone when you're out in public. They waited until you were alone yesterday, so it's probably safe to assume they won't attack if you're with people.
Satoru: I'm not saying it has to be a security guard or anything. Just a friend would be okay.
Ayase: Gotcha. I'll try to do that.
Satoru: Though, the problem is when you go off campus for those interviews.
Ayase: Probably won't be having any of those for a while.
Ayase: Kakimoto-sensei's just as worried about me, so she'll definitely be declining all of 'em for now.
Ayase: I also got told they'd be upping the security around here.
Satoru: Did they mention what exactly they'd be doing?
Ayase: Nope, nothin' specific. Just some new cameras and some new sensors or something, I think?
Ayase: It'll take some time to set 'em all up, though, so they're gonna try to tide it over with manpower in the meanwhile.
Ayase: Why d'you ask, though? Something about the security you wanna know about?
Satoru: Oh, no. I just wanted to understand how secure it'd be.
*...I might have to get in touch with my dad and see if he can figure anything out for me.*
*This also means I'll have to re-scout the campus grounds sometime after they finish installing this stuff.*
Satoru: We're in the same class anyway, so... You don't really need to tell me about what you're up to on ordinary days.
Satoru: However, I'd like you to tell me when you go off the school campus for some reason.
Ayase: Sure, fine.
Satoru: Also, um. Can I ask you one more thing?
Ayase: Yeah?
Satoru: I was a little curious about something.
Satoru: You are an Astral yourself, right? So why didn't you use your ability when those men attacked you?
*I mean, her ability was powerful enough to save lives during a building collapse.*
*That was the initial incident that kickstarted her popularity.*
Satoru: If there was some reason why you can't, I think it'd be safe to inform me in advance. 
Ayase: That's a fair question. I can see why you'd wonder that, being a fellow Astral. But yeah, I can use my ability just fine.
*Her muffin now finished, she gets up from her chair.*
Ayase: Explaining it might get a little long and complicated, so it'd be better if I just demonstrated my ability on you. Is that fine?
Satoru: Sure, just don't hurt me please. Don't use me as a punching bag to vent all your anger.
Ayase: What kind of idiot do you take me for? I wouldn't do that to a person that's supposed to be protecting me.
Ayase: Not like I can even harm you in the first place. My ability doesn't leave any aftereffects on the target.
Satoru: Perfect.
Ayase: Alrighty, let's get this started.
Ayase: Oh, fair warning before I get started. You won't get hurt, but you still oughta dig your heels into the ground.
Satoru: Huh?
Satoru: Agh!
*I suddenly feel myself being assaulted by some invisible force.*
*It's very similar to that time when I was being pushed down by psychokinesis. The force is brutal enough that I can almost hear my joints creaking.*
Satoru: Ghh, kgh...!
*If I had to describe it, I'd say it's like a downward pressure.*
*Is this some form of psychokinesis?*
Satoru: Whoa! Phew...
*The intense force vanishes all of a sudden.*
Satoru: (My body feels so light now...)
Satoru: (Wait, this isn't right. What's going on here?)
*The invisible force hits me again.*
*But it's not quite the same this time around.*
*It's like it reversed directions. I now feel my body being pulled toward the ceiling.*
*My heels lift off the ground, shortly followed by my toes... And eventually, my whole body is floating upward.*
Satoru: Agh?!
*Up and up I go, until my head finally bumps the ceiling.*
Satoru: You're doing this on purpose, aren't you?
Ayase: No, I'm not. Sheesh, look, I'm sorry. I just used a little too much force.
Ayase: I didn't accidentally hurt you, did I?
Satoru: It scared the crap out of me, but no, not really. I just lightly hit my head.
Satoru: Man, though. Floating is such a weird sensation.
*It's legitimately frightening.*
Ayase: The official evaluation of my ability stated it to be the "manipulation of attraction and repulsion." Okay, I'm gonna bring you down now. Ready?
Satoru: Yeah.
*My body, now freed from her power, falls down to the ground.*
*She brought me down pretty gently, so I didn't get hurt at all.*
*Standing on solid ground again, I redirect my eyes toward her.*
*Yeah, I can see why this ability would be handy during a building collapse.*
Ayase: Though, it's worth noting that my ability doesn't target people, but space itself.
Ayase: That's why I didn't use it on those guys yesterday. If they're right next to me, I end up being affected by my ability too, so it doesn't do much for me.
Satoru: Makes sense.
Ayase: And I can't exactly just flip it on or off like a switch. Harnessing it takes a lot of energy and focus.
Satoru: So it's not really something you can just use on command. Gotcha.
*That's isn't too unusual.*
*She has to adjust power output to control her ability, so activation demands a substantial amount of concentration. I know, because my ability works the same way.*
*However, it is possible to drastically shorten the process. You just have to use it enough to the point where it becomes muscle memory almost.*
*It's not quite like the routines Nanami mentioned, but there are people who use autosuggestion to familiarize their body with using their ability.*
*Give the nature of our work, all SFD members are able to use their abilities on a moment's notice, myself included.*
*Nanami, as well. I know she used those funky incantations that one time, but it's just a thing she enjoys. She'll skip them in emergencies.*
Satoru: (But it's definitely not something you can just learn overnight. It takes a LOT of time and practice to get to the point where you can use your ability like that.)
Satoru: Thanks. That answered all of my questions. Given the potential for it to affect you as well, you probably shouldn't use it without careful consideration.
Satoru: Can I have your number, by any chance? If anything ever happens, I want you to contact me immediately so I can come help you.
Ayase: I guess I can... but you better not send me any creepy, sexual crap, okay?
Satoru: What kind of person do you think I am?
Ayase: Want me to tell ya?
Satoru: On second thought, no. I'd rather not.
*That smile of hers is frightening... It's making me shiver.*
*But despite her half-reluctance, I still successfully exchanged numbers with her.*
Satoru: Great. Here's hoping we can get through this together, Mitsukasa-san.
Ayase: Uh-huh.
*Albeit very begrudgingly from the looks of it, she HAS given me a chance, and that's something to be happy about.*
*I no longer have to worry about being taken off my undercover mission here.*
*And in the process, I've gained another mission on top of it: protecting this girl named Mitsukasa Ayase.*
================================================================================
Satoru: ......
*I'm currently standing out in the hallway, peeking into a certain classroom.*
*It's a first-year classroom, but not Nanami's. All the kids inside are merrily enjoying lunchtime.*
*Some are sitting down chatting, while others are getting up to go to either the bathroom or the canteens.*
*Basically, it's your typical, hectic break time scene. Among the throng of people, I'm focused on one in particular.*
*A timid-looking boy with glasses: Suga Hideto.*
*He's not with anyone else, just sitting in his seat, occasionally throwing a glance out the window. He seems lost in thought about something.*
Satoru: Sure doesn't look like the kind of guy who'd willingly commit a crime...
*That's just my subjective impression, though.*
*And besides, responding to a robbery attempt by giving the robber fake money is a rather passive approach.*
*Consider how versatile his ability is, he could've easily fought them head-on.*
*Also, my dad already mentioned this, but the idea of specifically CREATING fake money to get out of a robbery is a little... odd.*
*And unfortunately for him, it got him into an even bigger predicament than the one he was initially in.*
Satoru: ......
*Yeah, I really can't see this guy being two-faced.*
*I've come across plenty of them in my time in the SFD. People who seem so good and pure-hearted that you'd never imagine the kind of bad stuff they're up to.*
*I've learned how to spot them by now, and this guy just doesn't fit the bill.*
*He's the kind of person who's so weakhearted and timid that if he EVER committed a crime, even by accident, he'd regret it for life.*
? ? ?: Oh, is that Arihara-senpai I see?
*Hearing my name, I look back to the hallway and find a girl standing next to me.*
Satoru: Oh, Mibu-san. Hello there.
Chisaki: Whatcha doing? Looking for Nanami-chan?
Satoru: Yep. But I can't find her in there anywhere.
Chisaki: No wonder you can't, silly. That isn't our classroom.
Satoru: Really?
Satoru: Well, I guess that explains it.
Chisaki: I didn't take you to be such a scatterbrain, Senpai.
Satoru: Much to my embarrassment.
Chisaki: Our classroom's over in that direction.
*Mibu-san lightly takes my hand and flashes me a smile.*
Chisaki: I'll escort you there personally so you don't get lost again.
Satoru: O-Oh, sure... Thanks.
*We're right in the middle of lunch break right now, which means the hallways are filled with students.*
*But Mibu-san doesn't seem to care about the possibility of people seeing her holding my hand.*
Satoru: (Well, considering how much Nanami talks up her sociability, I guess this shouldn't come as a surprise.)
*But me, on the other hand...*
Satoru: (I can't even REMEMBER the last time I held hands with a girl!)
*I'm sure I did at least a couple times during school events and stuff, but outside of that? Probably never.*
*As sad as that is...*
Chisaki: Hey, Nanami-chan.
Nanami: Satoru-kun? What? Why are you with Chisaki-chan?
Chisaki: This silly guy was peeking in class C looking for you when I found him, so I brought him back with me.
Satoru: Thanks again, Mibu-san.
Chisaki: Any day! Just make sure you remember where it is next time.
Satoru: Yeah, I will.
Nanami: So what'd you need?
Satoru: YEAH...
Satoru: Just kinda came to check on my cute little sis, y'know? Gotta make sure she's not being bullied or teased.
Nanami: S-Stop embarrassing me in front of them, Satoru-kun!
Chisaki: Look at you, blushing like that. You aren't used to people calling you cute?
Nanami: That wasn't the problem.
Nanami: The whole thing was just creepy and disturbingly siscon-esque... Like, just having a brother who'd say something like that is embarrassing enough in the first place.
Chisaki: You just have a never-ending slew of insults for your poor brother, don't you, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: W-Well, YEAH!
Chisaki: You know, you're really gonna hurt his feelings if you keep saying stuff like that.
Satoru: Being called a creep DOES kind of hurt, yeah.
Chisaki: See? So be a little nicer to your big brother, Nanami-chan.
Satoru: Hmm, but I don't know if I want her acting like some different person.
Satoru: Nanami doesn't need to change any at all. I love her for who she is.
Nanami: Nghhh!
Chisaki: You LIKE being verbally abused? You aren't, umm, into that, are you?
Nanami: Oh my god, Satoru-kun! Why are you like this?! You're harrassing me in front of all my classmates on purpose, aren't you?! You totally are!
Satoru: What? I would never.
Nanami: If you need to tell me something, then we're going somewhere else to talk! Come on!
Nanami: So what'd you need?
Satoru: Actually, nothing.
Nanami: So you decided to make me the laughing stock of my class for nothing?! You're awful!
Satoru: No, I mean I was checking on Suga Hideto.
Satoru: The chief got in touch with me this morning. He said they've discovered a security camera that actually captured footage of him and the robbery.
Satoru: Also, when those scooter thiefs were shown his picture, they recognized his face.
Nanami: Oh, so he couldn't actually make them forget about him?
Satoru: Yep. They were positive they'd seen him before, but just couldn't seem to remember WHERE.
Nanami: Is that something his recognition inhibition did?
Satoru: It'd have to be. He probably severed whatever link their brains had made between him and the incident.
Satoru: Oh, and the other guy, Ono Kiyokuni, has an alibi. They confirmed that he was at work all day.
Nanami: So you saw this Suda Hideto guy in his classroom, right? What'd you think?
Satoru: My guess is he only created the fake money out of fright and desperation. The chief also said they found no further instances of similar fake money being used.
Nanami: So all we have to do is warn him not to do it ever again, and this'll all be over with? That sounds easy.
Satoru: Yeah, and I'm gonna go ahead and do that tonight.
Satoru: I'll probably have to get a little mean with him. Don't wanna, but I need to to get the point across.
Kaori: Do you have a moment, Arihara-kun? I have something I need to ask you.
Satoru: Sure.
*I run into Kakimoto-sensei on my way back to the classroom, where she then stops me.*
Satoru: What is it?
Kaori: I apologize for taking time out of your lunch break, but I just happened to remember something class-related that I forgot to confirm with you.
Satoru: Oh, is it something about my astral ability?
Kaori: Yes, but it's nothing serious, so don't panic. I just wanted to check if you had the necessary clothing for one of our classes.
Kaori: Do you have swimming trunks in your possession?
Satoru: I don't, unfortunately. My previous school didn't have swim classes.
Kaori: Ah, okay.
Kaori: Would you be able to buy something soon? You'll need it for certain days during PE class.
Satoru: Will any normal pair of trunks work?
Kaori: Yes. I've been told the students will start wearing them next week, so you'll need yours before then.
Satoru: Is it hot enough outside for swimming, though?
Kaori: Oh, did your tour guide not show you? Our school actually has an indoor, temperature-controlled pool.
Satoru: Oh. Actually, I think I remember hearing that in the orientation video I watched.
Kaori: We use it to study what differences there are when using one's astral ability in water.
Kaori: In addition, there are students with water-related abilities, so the pool is crucial in evaluating their potential.
Kaori: So, for that purpose, our pool is open year-round to students.
Satoru: Okay.
Satoru: Is there school-provided swimwear for classes?
Kaori: Yes, but it isn't required. Most students prefer to bring personal attire.
Kaori: If you would rather use the school-provided swimwear, simply inform me of what size you'll need, and I'll get it for you.
Satoru: Okay.
Kaori: That's the extent of everything I needed to tell you.
Satoru: Hey, Kyouhei. You know of a store I can get some swim trunks at?
Satoru: I know it's not beach season, but I kinda need some ASAP.
Kyouhei: Hmm? Oh, right. They said we're gonna need swim trunks for PE class starting next week.
Kyouhei: Lemme think. It's September right now, so you SHOULD still be in luck. But don't quote me on that.
Satoru: So I should be able to find something just strolling through a shopping mall?
Kyouhei: Probably? If all the regular clothing stores have already pulled their swimwear stuff, you'll probably just have to go to a sportswear store.
Satoru: Gotcha. Thanks for the help.
Kyouhei: Hold up, Satoru. You don't know your way around the city yet, do you?
Kyouhei: I'd be down to go with you, if you don't care. I imagine you probably don't wanna get lost at your age.
Satoru: Sure, I don't mind. But you don't have anything else planned, do you?
Kyouhei: Nah, I'm good. Plus I promised I'd take you out around town on your first day here, so this is a good chance to do that.
Satoru: Sweet. I guess I'll have you come with me, then.
Kyouhei: Of course. And I'll even introduce you to a favorite food place of mine, so look forward to that.
Satoru: Oh, cool.
Kyouhei: We're gonna have a blast!
*Nanami'll probably need something too, so I should invite her.*
*I still feel bad about the whole thing with Shikibe-senpai and her, so I can make it up to her with this.*
*Hopefully she'll be satisfied if I buy her a new swimsuit...*
Hazuki: What's happening over here? You two seem to be discussing something quite enthusiastically.
Satoru: Kyouhei's gonna show me around the city.
Hazuki: Oh, is he? That's perfectly alright, but do remember to fill out your permission forms before leaving.
Kyouhei: C'mon, we know that.
Hazuki: ......
Kyouhei: Y-Yeah...?
Hazuki: So you say, Suou, but I know that you sometimes forgo filling one out with the excuse of "it's just a quick trip to the convenience store."
Kyouhei: Ugh... Well, it's a lot of work when I'm just gonna be gone for ten minutes.
Hazuki: I understand your frustration, I truly do, but rules are still rules. And being the dorm manager, it is my duty to uphold them.
Kyouhei: ...I'm sorry. I won't do it again.
Hazuki: Try not to become a lazybones like him, Arihara-kun. 
Satoru: Yeah, he's a good example. I rely on him to show me what NOT to do.
Kyouhei: Why are you guys being so mean to me?!
Hazuki: Sorry, I was just having a bit of fun. Ah, I don't believe I asked you, but what will you be doing out in the city?
Satoru: Kakimoto-sensei said I need trunks for PE class next week, so I'm going out to buy some.
Hazuki: Ah, yes, swimwear... You'd be best advised to hurry with that.
Satoru: Yeah, that's why I'm going this week.
Satoru: Also, Kyouhei. Do you mind if I bring my sister along?
Kyouhei: Err, I guess.
Kyouhei: But I won't really be able to help her if all the usual stores have pulled their swimwear stuff already. I don't know what stores sell specifically girl's swimsuits.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: You sure about that? I feel like you might've gone to one a time or two before.
Kyouhei: SA-TO-RU!
Satoru: Wh-What?
Kyouhei: Just because I look like a girl does NOT mean I crossdress! And no, before you bring it up, it doesn't mean I'm secretly a girl either! I am a MAN!
Satoru: Dang, I can't believe you actually read my mind so accurately.
Kyouhei: Well, guess what?! It gets REAL easy to guess after it happens to you a million times! So stop looking at me like that, you weirdo!
Satoru: Sorry.
Kyouhei: Gosh, talk about rude!
*The way he puffed up his cheeks as he did that was actually kind of cute.*
*Is he doing that on purpose?*
Kyouhei: We were talking about swimsuits, so back on topic!
Satoru: I know you mentioned sportswear stores earlier to me. Do they not sell women's swim attire?
Kyouhei: I mean, they probably do, but I doubt anything there would be cute and fashionable.
Kyouhei: Girls care about that stuff way more than we do, so anything too bland would probably be a no-go.
Satoru: Hmm, I don't know if Nanami would care about that.
Hazuki: What? Of course she would. Your sister is a girl too.
Kyouhei: I mean, even if she wants something plain, you should still give her the choice, don'tcha think?
Satoru: Good point.
Satoru: We won't have to worry if she already has something, but she hasn't been anywhere near a beach or pool in the past few years of her life, so I highly doubt she will.
Kyouhei: Man, I sure hope these clothing stores still have stuff...
Kyouhei: You wouldn't happen to know what stores still sell girl's swimwear past beach season, would you, Nijouin-san?
Hazuki: Unfortunately, no. You see, I'm not exactly the most well-versed person when it comes to clothing attire and fashion.
Hazuki: I wish I could be of help somehow, but my lack of knowledge is too deep. I'm so sorry, truly.
Satoru: Don't sweat it. It's no big deal.
Hazuki: I could find you someone who might know something, however. Hmm, perhaps Mitsukasa-san would?
Hazuki: Mitsukasa-san, could you come over for a moment?
Ayase: Sure. What do you need?
Hazuki: Arihara-kun is planning to go out and buy swimwear today, so I was hoping to ask you for a favor pertaining to that.
Hazuki: He's anticipating that his younger sister will also need something, but is unsure of what stores sell women's swimwear. Would you happen to know anything that might help?
Ayase: You should be able to find anything you need in the shopping mall.
Ayase: In fact, I think their end-of-season sale is still going on until the end of this week.
Hazuki: Ah, perfect! That's just the information we were looking for. Many thanks.
Kyouhei: So I guess that means we're going to the mall, huh?
Satoru: Yep.
Hazuki: Umm, pardon my impertinence, but would you mind if I came along as well?
Satoru: Sure, that's fine by us. We're going this weekend. Does that work for you?
Hazuki: Perfect. I have nothing planned for this weekend, save for, well, watching TV... or rather DVDs, but I'm not quite sure you could call that much of a "plan." 
Hazuki: I can watch them on my own time, so my schedule is effectively open.
Satoru: What kind of DVDs, out of curiosity?
Hazuki: Ah! Umm, well, they are...
Satoru: Sorry, you don't have to answer if you don't want.
Hazuki: Oh no, it's not that I mind, per se... Just that telling others is a tad embarrassing.
Satoru: Um, what are you watching that'd be... embarrassing?
*It's not... porn, is it?*
*Yeah, no way in hell. *
*Nijouin-san is a very serious, dutiful person, so I can't imagine her having any interest in pornography.*
*I mean, in the first place, how many girls actually own porn DVDs? Probably not a lot.*
Satoru: ......
Ayase: You seem to be pondering something.
Ayase: Whatever you do have in mind, Arihara-kun, I assure you her DVDs aren't it.
Satoru: Hey, don't jump to conclusions.
Ayase: Alright, then tell us all what you were thinking.
Satoru: Umm, my first thought when she said "embarrassing" was porn...
Ayase: That is EXACTLY what I had in mind.
Kyouhei: I mean, Nijouin-san honestly seems like the kind of person who might not even know that porn exists.
Satoru: Yeah, and that's what I thought t--
Hazuki: ......!
Ayase,Kyouhei,Satoru: ......
Hazuki: Wh-What is this "pourn" thing you speak of? I surely don't know of it, whatever it is.
*Her face is as red as a lobster right now.*
Ayase,Kyouhei,Satoru: So, essentially, you do know.So you know, basically.Wow, so you DO know?
Hazuki: A-A-Absolutely not! I am not a pervert and I have no knowledge, nor ANY interest in such obscene material! *sniffle*... At all!
Ayase: So, with that, you've told us that you know porn to be "obscene material."
Hazuki: Ahhh?!
Satoru: Screwed yourself good there, Nijouin-san.
Hazuki: You used that vulgar word on purpose, didn't you?!
*Well, at her age, she has to at least know about sex. It'd be strange for her not to.*
*Hmm, actually... Judging by her reaction to what I said, maybe she's actually a closet pervert?*
Hazuki: I was going to watch a HISTORICAL DRAMA this weekend! That and nothing else!
Satoru: An embarrassing one?
Hazuki: No! It is NORMAL! Perfectly normal!
Kyouhei: Don't you like that one show, Tiger General or whatever it was called?
Hazuki: Yes, I do. In addition to that, I also love Onikin Hankachou. I own the complete collection and was planning to relax and watch it this weekend.
Satoru: I know that show. What's so embarrassing about it?
Hazuki: Well, you know. Historical dramas are what old people watch.
Satoru: Really? I don't think so. There's nothing strange about a girl your age being interested in them.
Hazuki: Y-You don't think so? I was often teased for it when I was younger, though.
Satoru: Well, kids are dumb. They'll tease you for just about anything.
Satoru: There's really nothing embarrassing about it.
Hazuki: Thank you. That's a great relief.
Satoru: Hmm, historical dramas, though. I don't watch too many of those. I know I definitely haven't seen Onikin.
Hazuki: You HAVEN'T? Onikin is an absolute masterpiece. It is both engaging and fun, and the emotional scenes are so, so well-done. I can lend you my copies of the DVDs if you're interested!
Satoru: S-Sure... I'll take you up on that one of these days.
*I find myself backing up as Nijouin-san, eyes sparkling, inches ever-closer to me.*
*Damn, I never imagined her being THIS much of a history nut... But I guess it does to suit her, to an extent.*
Hazuki: Just say the word and they are all yours. Nothing would bring me greater joy than having a friend to discuss the greatness of Onikin with!
Hazuki: Ah, I've gone on a bit of a tangent. Sorry. So, back to the original conversation. I will be free this weekend, so--if you don't mind my company--I would love to tag along!
Kyouhei: Of course we don't mind. We'd love to have you hang out with us.
Satoru: Exactly.
Kyouhei: I have to ask, though. Why do you wanna join two dudes on a shopping excursion?
Hazuki: I actually need to buy a swimsuit of my own.
Hazuki: I can use it during summertime next year as well, so I figured I would take advantage of the end-of-season sale and replace my current one.
Satoru: Cool. You can come get one with us, then.
Hazuki: Again, many thanks.
Hazuki: Ah, would you like to join us as well, Mitsukasa-san?
Ayase: Me?
Hazuki: Of course, if you have other plans, you're free to decline.
Kyouhei: Yeah, she always has interviews on stuff to do on her weekends, so she might be busy. Do you have anything scheduled tomorrow?
Ayase: Ah, no, I don't. In fact, um, I won't be having any interviews for the time being.
Hazuki: Would you mind? I'd like for someone to come who, um, knows a little more about fashion than I do.
Hazuki: Occasionally, um... I do get the desire to wear cute clothing, so what I'm saying is, um... I'd appreciate your advice!
Kyouhei: Huh. That's a surprise.
Hazuki: V-Very, VERY rarely, okay?! Don't misunderstand; This isn't something I fuss about on a daily basis, okay?
Kyouhei: Hey, no need to feel embarrassed about it. I don't think there's anything wrong with wanting to look cute.
Satoru: Yeah, I think you'd look good in more girly, feminine outfits.
Hazuki: I do appreciate the compliment, but ahaha... This is a tad embarrassing.
Hazuki: Well then, Mitsukasa-san. Would you be willing to lend me your advice?
Ayase: I'm not exactly an expert on the latest fashion trends, so quite honestly, I'm not sure how much help I'll be.
Hazuki: I just don't know if I'd be able to buy with confidence without another person's opinion.
Hazuki: Please, if you don't mind!
Ayase: Alright. I'll come along and help you decide, if that's what you want.
Hazuki: Thank you so very much!
Satoru: Sorry for dragging you into this. I kinda feel responsible.
Hazuki: Oh, not at all. I feel like I took advantage of the situation a bit, so I should apologize to you.
Ayase: Do you not already have a swimsuit, Nijouin-san? I thought that you did.
Kyouhei: Yeah, she definitely had one for PE class last semester.
Hazuki: I did, yes, but umm... how do I explain this? I've been needing to get a new one for some time now, and I know that if I don't do it soon, then well...
Kyouhei: Oh. I think I understand.
Hazuki: U-Understand what?
Kyouhei: The swimsuit you have now doesn't fit anymore.
Ayase: Ah?!
Hazuki: S-Suou, stop that! That's not something you just say aloud!
Hazuki: I'm a girl, okay? Even I get embarrassed about my weight!
Kyouhei: Sorry, that was my bad. I'll try to be more considerate in the future.
Hazuki: Good, please do! *cough* W-Well, I think that answered your question adequately enough...
Ayase: Her swimsuit doesn't fit anymore? The chest area, maybe? Yeah, it's GOTTA be... Tch!
Hazuki: Hmm? Do you need something, Mitsukasa-san?
Ayase: No, don't mind me.
Ayase: You're a growing girl, though, so outgrowing clothes through the years is perfectly normal. Everyone deals with that equally. *giggle*
Hazuki: You couldn't be more right.
Ayase: A-Actually, come to think of it... I've also been getting a little bigger, and my bikini DOES feel a little tight. Maybe I'll buy a new one myself while I'm at it?
Hazuki: Oh, is that so? The opportunity is perfect, then! We'll both go swimsuit shopping together!
Satoru: ......
*Bigger... RIGHT.*
Ayase: Can I help you, Arihara-kun?
Satoru: Huh? Oh, no. No no no.
*She's slowly approaching me with that wicked smile on her face.*
*I instinctively stagger backwards, but she doesn't relent.*
*After we're separated a fair distance from the group, she scowls at me.*
Ayase: That was the TRUTH, okay?! I'm not making it up!
Satoru: Look, I never said it wasn't!
Ayase: I-I already know that girl's boobs mainly grow during puberty, but that definitely doesn't mean they won't grow at all after that! It's still very much possible!
Ayase: Even a grown woman can have her tits get bigger with the right amount of female hormones, and then massages and muscle training also work wonders! A to B, B to C! Anything is possible!
Satoru: How does that make sense?!
Ayase: I SWEAR I'm still growing, okay?! And growth means clothes getting tighter, aka my swimsuit! Got that?
Ayase: But I'm not getting fatter! All I meant when I said I was growing was my boobs... Nothing... nothing else!
Ayase: It's true, it REALLY IS! So stop looking at me like I'm some liar! They've still got PLENTY OF ROOM TO GROW, I promise!
Satoru: For the umpteenth time, I did not ever say anything to the contrary!
Satoru: Look, I believe you. Your current swimsuit feels tight around the chest, so you're buying a new one. Right?
Satoru: I'm not doubting you, so just calm down. Nijouin-san and Kyouhei are already looking at us weird.
Kyouhei: What are you guys talking about over there?
Ayase: It was nothing.
*Despite her freak-out mere seconds ago, she's somehow managed to switch back to her usual, calming demeanor just like that.*
*Her smile is so sweet I could almost picture flowers behind it.*
Ayase: So it seems that all of us present will be going on the shopping trip, which only leaves the question of whether or not Nanami-san needs to come along.
Satoru: I'll get back to you guys later once I ask her.
Kyouhei: Sure thing!
Hazuki: Please do.
Satoru: But, for real...
Satoru: The way you can just flip on that fake persona at the snap of a finger is unreal. Like, I'm almost worried about your mental health.
Ayase: Thank you. I've spent many hours practicing it to achieve this level of perfection.
Satoru: The more I learn about you, the scarier you get...
Ayase: *giggle* I'll assume that was a compliment, and take it as such.
Hazuki: Well, the particulars can be discussed later. Right now, it is class time. The teacher should be walking in any moment.
Satoru: So are you set or do you need to come with us?
Nanami: No, I didn't bring mine... I mean, it probably wouldn't even fit me anyway. That thing is really old.
Chisaki: Yeah, you'll probably need to go with them then. Can't be using that one.
Chisaki: I mean, you ARE pretty stacked up there despite that baby face you have. That poor swimsuit isn't gonna be able to contain them.
Nanami: Ch-Chisaki-chan! Stop that, we're in public!
Chisaki: What's there to be embarrassed about? Be proud of those puppies. Not everyone can be that well-endowed.
Nanami: Wha--?! Look, why are you even talking like you've seen them in the first place?
Chisaki: But I have. Don't you remember? We took a bath together that one time. And besides, it's still super duper evident even when you've got clothes on.
Chisaki: I felt downright embarrassed being next to you in the bath... We're the same age, but there's such a vast difference in that department...
Chisaki: Onii-san, you'll never believe this. Nanami-chan's boobs actually floated in the water! Like, no joke!
Nanami: Can you stop talking about my boobs in front of people!
Satoru: Calm down, Nanami. All overreacting does is draw MORE attention to it.
Nanami: Nghhhh!
Satoru: Well, anyway. Should I go ahead and tell the others you're coming for sure?
Nanami: I guess, if they don't mind me tagging along. I'm free whenever, so just tell me when.
Satoru: Okay.
Satoru: Oh, do you wanna come too, Mibu-san?
Chisaki: Huh? Can I?
Satoru: Sure, if you want to.
Chisaki: Oh, I'd love to! I'll pick out the perfect swimsuit for Nanami-chan!
Nanami: What? You wanna pick MINE?
Chisaki: Pretty please?
Nanami: Well, I guess you can... but please, nothing too racy.
Chisaki: Oh, don't worry, I won't pick anything like that. I'm not THAT mean.
Chisaki: Well, either way, you have the final say. I won't force you to buy anything you don't wanna wear.
Nanami: Okay... that's fine, then.
Chisaki: Woohoo!
Satoru: Do you know a lot about clothes and fashion stuff, Mibu-san?
Chisaki: Not really? I guess it's just, like, I really love picking out clothes for cute girls!
Chisaki: There's no greater feeling than when you see them in the outfit you picked, and they look just as good as you imagined!
Satoru: That works out nicely.
Satoru: Nijouin-san also needs to pick out something, and she wanted some advice from other girls.
Chisaki: Oh, Nijouin-senpai? She has that long, flowing black hair, and her limbs are really slender... That should be easy. Basically anything would look good on her.
Chisaki: But I'd still be glad to come along and help her however I can!
Satoru: Thanks.
*We've gotten that squared away, which just leaves one last thing on the agenda for today.*
Satoru: ......
*I do some basic stretches to see how my body's doing.*
*Seems perfect. I don't feel any pain or aching.*
*My head also feels fine, so I'll be able to use my ability without any issues.*
Satoru: Let's do this.
*Suga Hideto lives in dorm four, which is the one next to ours.*
*It's obviously not close enough for me to open my window and jump over, but a walk over there isn't more than thirty seconds at most.*
Satoru: I don't think it's raining or anything either.
*I go over to the window to double-check, and lo and behold...*
Satoru: ......
Nanami: S-Satoru-kun! Help! Nngh!
Satoru: You really like this rope-swinging thing, huh?
Nanami: I told you, I'm not doing this for fun! S-Stop standing there, help me! Nnngh, Onii-chaaaan!
Nanami: *pant* *pant* I-I seriously thought I was going to die out there.
Satoru: You need to stop before you actually do. Seriously, call me first before you do something like that.
Nanami: Sorry, but I was just too anxious. There's no way I would've been able to wait until tomorrow.
Satoru: There's nothing to be worried about, really.
*Security is much laxer in the dorms than it is in the school building.*
*I've already checked into it and confirmed that I'll be able to get in without her assistance.*
Nanami: That's exactly why I came here. I just KNEW you'd say that.
Nanami: I'll be too anxious to sleep tonight no matter what you tell me to try and reassure me. Besides, I'm your partner. I need to be with you for things like this.
Satoru: But...
Nanami: Look, you don't have to take me along with you. I'm content just sitting here and waiting for you to get back.
Nanami: Or do you... not want me to, Onii-chan?
Satoru: ......
*I feel like she always makes use of her little sister "charms" when requesting something of me like this.*
Satoru: Fine, you can wait here.
*And being her brother, I can't ever bring myself to say no to her...*
Satoru: Okay, I'm heading out now. I'll see you soon.
Nanami: Be careful.
Suga Hideto: Zzz... Zzz...
? ? ?: Wake up.
Suga Hideto: N-Nghh... hm...? Mhhh... Zzz... Zzz...
? ? ?: Wake up, I said!
Suga Hideto: Ahh?! Wh-What?! Who's there?!
Suga Hideto: Is this a dream?
? ? ?: Bet you think you're fuckin' clever, don'tcha?
Suga Hideto: Ahh! Wh-Who are you?! Where are you at?!
? ? ?: Open your goddamn eyes, kid. I'm right in front of you.
Suga Hideto: Huh?
Suga Hideto: No way... are you using an astral ability?! How'd you get in here?!
? ? ?: Quit your yappin', kid.
Suga Hideto: Ahh! Wh-What do you want from me?!
? ? ?: Quit screaming, for chrissakes. It's the middle of the goddamn night. Don't you have any consideration for your damn neighbors?
Suga Hideto: How can I when there's... some invisible guy... in my room.
? ? ?: I know about that fake money you created to fool those crooks, kid.
Suga Hideto: Ah?!
? ? ?: Heh, seems like I'm right. Saves me the time of havin' to interrogate your ass.
? ? ?: Well, you ready, kid? It's time to pay for your little fuckup.
Suga Hideto: W-Wait, hold up! I don't have any clue what you're talking about!
? ? ?: Thanks to you, the cops got suspicious. Right as we were finally gettin' ready to go forward with our goddamn plan too.
? ? ?: Our shit was fucking foolproof. No one, not even the fuckin' appraisers could tell it was fake. And our sponsors were really lookin' forward to gettin' their hands on it, let me tell you.
? ? ?: But right as we got excited, thinkin' we were finally gonna recoup our investment and rake in the big bucks, some shit-lookin' counterfeit bills got found.
Suga Hideto: N-No...
? ? ?: Our whole business is fucked now, kid! You understand that, you little fuckhead?!
Suga Hideto: Eeep! I-It's not my fault! Those guys were trying to rob me, okay? I wasn't trying to...
? ? ?: I don't give a shit what you were or weren't tryin' to do.
? ? ?: Fact is, you fucked us over big time with that dumbass decision of yours.
Suga Hideto: I'll do anything! I'll pay for the damages!
? ? ?: We're talking about money you wouldn't even earn over your entire life, kid. Payin' ain't an option.
Suga Hideto: Then what happens to me...
? ? ?: You took this little "joke" of yours too far, pal.
Suga Hideto: I-I-It wasn't a joke! I was just scared and wasn't thinking straight...
Suga Hideto: I swear I'm sorry! I know I made a mistake and I think about it everyday. I only did it once, no more! I promise!
? ? ?: Cool, I don't give a shit. If you didn't want this to happen you never shoulda used your ability like that.
? ? ?: It's too late for regret now.
Suga Hideto: P-Please, sir... I'm sorry! I won't do it again! Never, I promise!
? ? ?: Good.
? ? ?: You'll have plenty of time to make amends in your next life.
Suga Hideto: No, spare me, please!
Suga Hideto: Ah...! Ah... *pant*...
Suga Hideto: ......
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Er, I MIGHT have gone a little overboard.
*Yeah, definitely. I was talking to the guy like some yakuza boss.*
*I usually hate lying, but when it comes to dishing out punishments like this, I get REALLY into it for some reason.*
*I mean, it's not like I enjoy doing it. It's necessary. If he did something like this again, he might seriously end up dead.*
*I have to be mean for it to have any effect, but... I honestly have to say, I didn't expect him to straight-up faint.*
Satoru: Hopefully he's learned his lesson, though.
Satoru: Oh, and before I leave... gotta leave something so he doesn't think it was just a dream.
*I take a piece of paper out of my pocket.*
*It's a plain piece of scrap paper with "10,000 YEN" scribbled on it.*
*It's a fake... of his fake.*
*Basically, a reproduction (made by me) of his counterfeit bills.*
*Those are important pieces of evidence to us, so unfortunately, I can't take them with me--let alone do what I'm about to do with this one.*
*I rip the paper and spread it across his desk.*
Satoru: That should do the trick.
*This should make him much more wary to use his ability for things in the future.*
*Of course, he will be going onto a watchlist of people with potentially dangerous abilities after this incident. Unbeknownst to him, that is.*
*But considering the alternatives, namely getting arrested or getting kidnapped by some criminal group, I'd say he got it pretty good.*
Satoru: Now to make my escape.
Satoru: Hngh.
*I jumped from the third-floor and landed safely.*
*I cautiously survey my surroundings and pick up as much information as I can.*
*Sights, smells, sounds... Nothing strange. It's quiet and still--a typical night. I don't seem to have been discovered, which is good.*
Satoru: (I better hurry back to my room.)
*But upon taking a single step, I hear a splashing noise from below me.*
*My foot feels like it stepped in something.*
Satoru: What is this?
*Looking down confirms that it's a liquid. There's so little of it, though, that it'd be easy to miss.*
*It's transparent, has no smell, nor any stickiness.*
Satoru: Water?
*But it didn't rain today, which only begs the question of how it got here and nowhere else.*
Satoru: Kgh?!
*My body reacts reflexively before I could even process what just happened.*
*A small projectile whizzes by mere inches from where I was just standing.*
Satoru: (Holy shit?!)
*After it hits the ground, it bursts apart, scattering and wetting the surrounding area.*
Satoru: (A water bullet?! This must be an astral ability!)
Voice: You stubborn fools. Have you come to assault Mitsukasa-san yet again?
Satoru: Wha--?!
Hazuki: I won't let you lay a finger on my dear friend. You can try if you wish, but I will not let you past me!
Satoru: (What's Nijouin-san doing here?! It's way past lights-out and bed time!)
Hazuki: Prepare yourself for judgment's decree, evildoer!
Satoru: Kgh!
*Immediately after she shouts that, another water bullet flies towards me.*
*I manage to twist my body and evade it.*
Hazuki: I apologize for the violent response on my part, but if you stand down and surrender, this won't have to get any uglier!
Satoru: (How can she pinpoint my location?! I have my stealth function activated right now!)
Satoru: (Is that the work of some ability or what?!)
Satoru: (Fuck, I don't have the time to sit and contemplate that! Priority number one right now needs to be getting the hell out of here!)
*I turn around in the opposite direction of the dorms and break out into a dash.*
*She shouldn't be able to give pursuit without being able to see me.*
Hazuki: I'm getting no response... Wait, no! There you are! Quit running and surrender now! You won't be able to escape!
Satoru: (Fuck, I knew she had some way of finding out where I was!)
Satoru: Kgh! Can't shake her off!
*What the hell is going on?!*
*Even looking past how she's rendering my stealth completely useless, her attacks are still somehow coming after me with impeccable precision despite the fact that I'm weaving in and out of her blind spots.*
*There's just no way she's relying on sight alone to track me. But then, what the hell IS she using?*
Security A: Where's the intruder at, miss?!
Hazuki: Please forgive me; I seem to have lost them. Even though they were invisible, I never imagined they would be so fast and clever with their movements. This is no ordinary person we're dealing with.
Hazuki: I do believe they are still somewhere in this area, however.
Security B: Don't do anything too wild. Reinforcements are coming soon.
Hazuki: Good.
Security B: Sorry to make you help us out with all this. I know you're just a student volunteer.
Hazuki: Don't be sorry. I have a duty, and I am prepared to do everything in my power to uphold it.
*What's this about her being a student volunteer?*
*Ah!*
Ayase: "Nope, nothin' specific. Just some new cameras and some new sensors or something, I think?"
Ayase: "It'll take some time to set 'em all up, though, so they're gonna try to tide it over with manpower in the meanwhile."
*So this extra manpower they were getting didn't mean security guards, but Astrals?!*
*This is not the turn of events I expected. If I don't figure something out quick, I'm screwed.*
Hazuki: Listen up, scoundrel. There is nowhere for you to run. You are completely surrounded. Come out and surrender yourself peacefully.
Hazuki: If you do, we guarantee that you will not be hurt. But if you continue to resist, however, we will not be responsible for what happens!
Satoru: (What do I do?)
Hazuki: So you want to drag out this game of cat and mouse, I see? Well, that is quite the shame. We could've ended this without anyone having to get hurt.
Satoru: (Shit!)
*I can't tell if I panicked and accidentally moved my body or what. Suddenly, I hear the sound of leaves rustling.*
Hazuki: There he is!
Satoru: (Crap!)
Security B: You got him?!
Cat: Mreoooow?!
Hazuki: A cat?
*Her shot was slightly off, so I choose to stay still and brace for the potential impact... It seems like my gamble paid off.*
*Considering the misfire by her, it must've also been the cat, not me, who stirred the leaves.*
Hazuki: Was this cat perhaps who I was chasing after this entire time? And the reason why I couldn't see this "intruder" was simply because it was a small cat, not a human?
Hazuki: Oh, god! I am so, so very sorry! That truly was a lapse of judgment on my part. I quickly assumed the worst, and wasted all of your precious time.
Security B: No need to apologize. We're glad to have someone perceptive like you.
Security A: He said it. I can't believe you picked up on something as tiny as a cat.
Hazuki: Oh, goodness. I must have startled that poor animal half to death... I need to find it and apologize.
Security A: You won't have any trouble finding it. That cat lives on this school's campus.
Hazuki: Oh, but it might run away if it sees my face... I feel so awful.
Security A: Hahaha. Just bring her some food and she'll come up to you. That cat likes people.
Security B: But man, that was some crazy stuff you just did, miss. It always amazes me what astral abilities are capable of.
Security A: Um, I do have one question, though. Why are you carrying an umbrella in clear weather?
Hazuki: Given the nature of my ability, I often get wet if I do not use one.
Hazuki: For that reason, I've been carrying umbrellas around with me since a young age. That might honestly be why I find it easier to concentrate when I have one in my hand.
Security A: Oh, so even the students here need stuff like that to help 'em? I thought y'all were experts.
Hazuki: Unfortunately, not. Embarrassing as it is, I am still very much inexperienced.
Security B: You seem plenty experienced to me.
Hazuki: Once again, I cannot apologize enough for the commotion my mistake has caused. I should elevate the position of the threads slightly so cats and other small animals don't get caught.
Security B: I'm just still surprised you managed to do all that with regular old water from a bottle.
Satoru: ......
Security A: But won't they disappear whenever you go to sleep?
Hazuki: Normally they would, yes, but you needn't worry about that. Researchers here at this school have discovered a method of astron fixation.
Hazuki: Utilizing that method, the threads will remain intact until morning even without my ability being active. The only thing that needs to be done is monitoring the feedback of the astrons.
Security B: That's amazing. Kikka Academy is full of surprises.
Security B: Where'd those water bullets come from, though? Just seemed like they appeared out of thin air or something.
Hazuki: I can extract a certain amount of water from the moisture in the air, so I do that when creating those.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Ahhh! *pant* *pant* Holy SHIT that was close.
*I somehow managed to escape without being discovered, but boy, when she shot that last bullet at me, I was saying my prayers.*
*It hit the ground mere decimeters away from me.*
Satoru: (She can shoot water bullets, and extract water from the air, so does that mean her ability is water manipulation?)
Satoru: (But she also mentioned threads... Wait, don't tell me she--!)
Satoru: ......
*I strain my eyes and focus on the bushes to see if my hunch is correct.*
*I don't see anything... but no, that can't be right.*
*Fine, we'll try this.*
*Bingo!*
*I've found the threads of water. They're cleverly hidden behind shadows in a way that makes them near undetectable.*
*They're ridiculously thin, though, so I had to enhance my brain's information processing capabilities through my ability just to see them.*
*I'm assuming that whenever something makes contact with these threads, Nijouin-san is notified via astron feedback.*
*Analyzing them closer, they seem to be placed in almost all of the cameras blind spots. This was well-thought out by her.*
Satoru: (But damn, this makes things a million times harder now!)
*Well, at least I now know how she was able to track my position even though I was invisible.*
Satoru: (And these things are gonna be up till morning, she said. Ugh.)
*Astron fixation was what they called it.*
*Maybe that was something they developed by studying Shikibe-senpai's ability?*
Satoru: (Well, that doesn't matter. I need to get back to my room quickly without tripping off any of these.)
*And no more sneaking out after this. I'll probably want to lie low for the time being.*
Satoru: ......
Nanami: Satoru-kun! How'd it go?
Satoru: One sec.
*I stop Nanami with a hand and look outside the window.*
*Okay, good. Nothing out of the ordinary.*
*It doesn't seem like anyone spotted me on my way back.*
Satoru: Sorry about that.
Nanami: That's fine. But what was that for? Is everything alright?
Satoru: Just about had a run in with the security guard fellas. Thankfully, I managed to get out without being seen, though.
Satoru: But on the flipside, we're probably not gonna want to go out at night for a while.
Nanami: Wait, you didn't make an error, did you?
Satoru: No no, not that. I'm talking about something completely different from what you're thinking of. The mission itself went fine. Considering how he reacted, I doubt we'll have to worry about anything like this from him ever again.
Nanami: Really? I guess that's good. But why aren't we gonna want to go out?
Satoru: Can you give me a glass of water? I'll tell you after I get some liquid in my throat.
*That close-call was so nerve-wracking that it made my throat dry up.*
Nanami: Here.
Satoru: Thanks, Nanami.
*As I listen to the soothing voice of my sister, I take the glass and drink.*
*The tension leaves my body and my beating heart calms.*
Satoru: *sigh* I'm exhausted.
Nanami: Ah! What happened to your cheek? There's a little bit of blood.
*I immediately wipe my cheek and find that she's right.*
Satoru: That's blood, alright.
*It can't have been one of Nijouin-san's bullets. Not a single one of them grazed me.*
Satoru: Must've been a twig or something that cut it.
Nanami: Stay still. I'll heal it for you.
Satoru: I'm fine, Nanami. You don't need to waste your ability on a measly little scratch like this.
Nanami: I'm still going to whether you like it or not. Every injury incurred during a mission needs to be healed, no matter how insignificant.
Nanami: Injuries equate to evidence. You should know this.
Satoru: Well, yeah, but still.
Nanami: Healing you is part of my mission. Come on, sit down and show me your face.
Nanami: Hmm. Doesn't look there's a splinter or anything stuck in there. I should be able to heal it pretty quickly.
Satoru: Okay, I'm ready.
Nanami: Okay.
Nanami: Angel of mercy, in heaven above, please heal this wound with thine holy breath.
*Immediately thereafter, she reaches out for my cheek.*
*Like last time, I feel a gentle warmth spread throughout my body.*
*Honestly, Nanami's ability is a real life saver for someone with a job like mine.*
*Well, technically, it's beneficial to just about everyone.*
*Researchers recognized this, as you'd expect, and focused a lot of their initial efforts on developing technology based on healing abilities, but they've yet to make any breakthroughs.*
*The reason is actually pretty simple. Healing is much harder to control and adjust than other abilities, which only makes integrating it into technology that much more difficult.*
*There's no sense in healing a wound if it only results in the outbreak of another some place else.*
*Also, Astrals with healing abilities do the needed control and fine-tuning on a subconscious level... Basically, it's all intuition-based.*
*Nanami makes it look like cake, but it's actually an immensely difficult thing to get right.*
*And then you also have to remember that astrons react differently to everyone. How fine-tuning works exactly differs from person to person.*
*Basically, the point is, healing abilities are very complicated.*
*Incidentally, the SFD once tried their hand at it by infusing memory fiber with healing astrons, but they encountered an insurmountable number of problems, so the project was quickly scrapped.*
Nanami: Okay, I'm finished. Any other places that hurt, or was that it?
Satoru: Nope, that was it.
Satoru: Thank you so much, Nanami. I don't know what I'd do without you.
Nanami: Ehehe... You're welcome.
Nanami: I'm just glad you made it back in one piece. That's all that matters to me.
Satoru: All thanks to you.
================================================================================
Satoru: So yeah, uh, I gave the guy a PRETTY MEAN warning.
Ryuunosuke: "How did he take it?"
Satoru: He, er, kind of fainted.
Ryuunosuke: "He WHAT? I know you probably didn't, but I'll ask anyway: you didn't punch him, did you?"
Satoru: Of course not. I kicked his bed some, but never him.
Satoru: He mentioned that he regretted doing it, and I believe him. I could tell it's been in the back of his mind ever since.
Satoru: He seemed worried about the possibility of someone finding out, and him getting in big trouble over it.
Ryuunosuke: "And then the very thing he feared happened. Can't blame the poor guy for freaking out."
Satoru: Aside from the fainting, everything went as planned. I ripped up our fake money and scattered it on his desk before leaving.
Satoru: I highly doubt he woke up thinking it was a dream.
Ryuunosuke: "Have you seen him again since?"
Satoru: He lives in a different dorm, so I wasn't able to observe his behavior much, but I did at least confirm that he was in the canteen that morning.
Satoru: He was looking around restlessly and didn't eat much of his food.
Ryuunosuke: "Great. Thanks for the information."
Ryuunosuke: "He'll still need to be monitored for the time being, but other than that, this case is hereby closed. A job well done, Levy Six."
Satoru: Thank you.
Ryuunosuke: "Your primary job now will be one of a supportive nature."
Ryuunosuke: "Occasionally I'll ask you to pull information out of the AIMS database for stuff on our end, but other than that, all you have to do is go to school and live your life there."
Ryuunosuke: "Well, that WOULD be the plan, if you hadn't gotten yourself caught up in something you shouldn't have."
Satoru: I was actually wondering about that. Were you able to discover anything about the men who tried to attack Mitsukasa-san?
Ryuunosuke: "Nope. They're both keeping their lips shut. They admit they were trying to attack her, but insist they're just fans."
Ryuunosuke: "Needless to say, we're not quite buying that story. We plan to continue interrogating them for the time being."
Ryuunosuke: "So just carry on with your bodyguard mission as planned for now. I'll contact you if we learn anything. You're dismissed." 
Satoru: Roger that. Levy Six, signing--Oh, one more thing!
Ryuunosuke: "What? I've got things to do."
Satoru: Sorry, but I just have a concern with regards to my guarding of Mitsukasa-san.
Satoru: She and I are going out shopping today with a group of our friends.
Satoru: Shopping malls are pretty crowded areas, and I have instructed her to always stay with others when out in public from now on.
Satoru: I know it's unlikely that they'd try anything in broad daylight, and in a location with so many other people around at that, but I'm still a bit worried. What do you think?
Ryuunosuke: "Hmm. I highly doubt they'd launch another attack this shortly after their previous failure."
Ryuunosuke: "If our enemies were careless enough to attack without proper planning, we would've easily tracked them down by now. Also, they wouldn't have used a decoy. That should indicate that these people are pros."
Ryuunosuke: "Still, it can't hurt to be a little vigilant. I'll give you a call if we notice any activity."
Satoru: Okay. I'll call you if anything happens.
Ryuunosuke: "Yep. See you later, then. I'm hanging up."
Satoru: Oh, I better get going now or I'll be late.
Kyouhei: Okay, do we have everyone?
Ayase,Nanami,Hazuki: Mhm.
Kyouhei: Oh, are you the girl Satoru said was coming?
Chisaki: Yep! I'm Mibu Chisaki, everyone! Thanks for having me along today. I'm really excited to get to know everyone!
Ayase: It's our pleasure. I'm Mitsukasa Ayase, by the way.
Kyouhei: Hi, I'm Suou Kyouhei. 
Hazuki: And I am Nijouin Hazuki. If memory serves me right, you belong to class 1-A, do you not? Oh, that would mean you're in the same class as Nanami-kun.
Chisaki: Oh, you know who I am?
Hazuki: Naturally. Today may be our first time holding a proper conversation, but you're a resident of the dorm I manage, so I know both your name and your face.
Chisaki: Oh my gosh, thank you! I'm so honored! I hope we can have some fun today and get to know each other better.
Hazuki: As do I. Also, um, if you do not mind... I would appreciate your help with selecting my swimming attire.
Chisaki: You betcha! I'll see what I can do for you.
Hazuki: Thank you, truly!
Kyouhei: Alright! If everyone's ready, then let's get going!
Satoru: Come to think of it, you never told me where the mall is. Is it somewhere nearby?
Kyouhei: Nah, it's way out by the station. We're gonna take the lightrail there.
Hazuki: ......
Satoru: ......
Hazuki: Hm? Is something the matter, Arihara-kun?
Satoru: Oh, no. It's nothing important.
Hazuki: If there's something bothering you, please do tell me. Being kept in the dark only makes me feel uncomfortable.
Satoru: Well, okay. But just a forewarning, it really is nothing important.
Satoru: I just thought you looked a little sleepy.
Hazuki: Was I really? Goodness, what am I doing? I can't be making such a slovenly face in public.
Satoru: I mean, it wasn't UGLY or anything. It just looked like you didn't get enough sleep or something. 
Hazuki: Well, I don't suppose there's any reason I cannot tell you.
Hazuki: You wouldn't happen to know about the incident from the other day where outsiders sneaked onto the campus, would you?
Satoru: I just heard the rumors. Apparently, some fans of Mitsukasa-san snuck in and were arrested.
Hazuki: Yes, that's the incident I'm speaking of. I have been assisting the school's security guards with their nightly patrols ever since.
Satoru: Oh, you are?
Hazuki: Well, it will only be until they finish installing all the extra security devices. But regardless, I am still going to bed later than usual.
Hazuki: If I appeared tired to you, then that would probably be the reason.
Satoru: Oh. So is everything going alright with them?
Hazuki: Well, there have been some complications. Yesterday night, the sensors picked something up.
Satoru: Another intruder?
Hazuki: That was what I thought at first. But after chasing them, I discovered that it wasn't a person, but a stray cat... Which meant that I'd caused a panic over nothing.
*Judging by the way she's talking, it doesn't look like she's found me out.*
*I'm in the clear. For now, at least.*
Satoru: Well, good thing it wasn't an actual intruder.
Hazuki: Well, YES, but I still felt so awful after wasting their time like that. I wanted to crawl into a hole and die I was so embarrassed!
Satoru: Well, you're new to the job, right? Things like that are bound to happen.
Satoru: Considering you're still getting used to things, and aren't getting enough sleep on top of that, I'll bet you're pretty stressed.
Hazuki: Somewhat, but it isn't completely draining me.
Hazuki: I'm just glad to have been given the opportunity to help them with my ability.
Satoru: That's good. Well, hopefully you'll be able to forget about all that and have some fun today.
Kyouhei: Here she is! Washizu Side Mall!
Satoru: Wow, it's a lot bigger than I pictured.
*I just envisioned it being like one of those big supermarkets you see in the outskirts of cities.*
*I don't mean to sound insulting or anything, but I never expected it to be this NICE.*
Kyouhei: Washizu's a pretty secluded city, so this shopping mall is literally a lifesaver, no exaggeration. Everyone here knows and loves it.
Kyouhei: They actually have a ton of famous brand-name stuff in here. I bet you'll be surprised when you see.
Satoru: Huh, that's neat.
Hazuki: Did you already plan a place for us to go first?
Satoru: Hm, no, not really.
Kyouhei: How about we go to a guys' swimwear store first? You probably won't take too long to decide, I imagine.
Satoru: Yeah, I'll take basically whatever as long as it's not something weird.
Kyouhei: Yeah, and if we get you out of the way first, that'll give all the girls more time to look and decide.
Satoru: Sounds good to me.
Hazuki: Okay, then I think we have our plan.
Kyouhei: I'll lead the way. Just follow after me, everyone.
*As everyone starts walking, I approach Mitsukasa-san.*
Ayase: Do you need something?
Satoru: I just want to remind you again.
Satoru: I doubt anything'll happen in such a crowded place during broad daylight, but still, try not to wander off anywhere by yourself.
Ayase: I know that. I wasn't planning to do anything of the sort.
Ayase: Also, um, do you mind if I ask you a question as well?
Satoru: Sure. What is it?
Ayase: I was wondering, does your sister Nanami-san work at the same workplace as you?
Satoru: ......
*Should I tell the truth or come up with a convenient lie? It's a difficult decision.*
*Well, no point in hiding things now, I guess.*
*She and I transferred in at the same time, so I doubt she'd buy it if I said she was unrelated either way.*
Satoru: Yeah, she does. She knows everything, so you can also go to her if you ever need anything.
Satoru: Well, I say anything, but keep in mind she plays more of a supportive role. She'll be able to give you information, but that's about it.
Ayase: Alright.
Satoru: Also, er... can I ask one more thing?
Ayase: Yes. What do you need?
Satoru: It's, well, pretty important for your swimsuit top to fit properly, so I was just wondering if you'll be alright. Can you still try stuff on while leaving your pads on?
Ayase: Oh, what a silly question. Your tactlessness never ceases to amaze me. If you can't learn to keep your mouth shut, then maybe I should sew it shut for you?
Satoru: I'm just trying to look out for you, okay?
Ayase: You have no need to concern yourself with those matters. I am perfectly capable of protecting my pads by myself.
Ayase: And I'd REALLY appreciate it if you wouldn't bring up the subject of my pads at literally every given opportunity.
Satoru: Sorry, I'll try not to do it again.
Hazuki: Hurry up, you two. If you keep lagging behind, you'll get separated from us.
Ayase: Sorry! We'll be right there.
Nanami: Are you sure that's what you want? You didn't spend any time at all looking.
Satoru: Yep. They fit fine and look normal. That's all I care about.
Chisaki: You seem like the kind of guy who never has to fret about clothing. I mean, you're tall and in-shape, so you can probably wear just about anything.
Kyouhei: I'm seriously jealous, man. I wish I could just wear whatever I felt like.
Satoru: Why not? I mean, I'm taller than you, but I don't feel like that makes much of a difference.
Hazuki: Are you particular about the designs of what you wear?
Kyouhei: Yeah, but not in the way that you're thinking.
Kyouhei: I get mistaken for a girl all the time, so I have to watch what I wear sometimes.
Chisaki,Nanami: I can see why.
Kyouhei: Kgh... Not even surprised in the slightest.
Satoru: Does it bother you that much?
Kyouhei: Uh, yeah?! I'm a guy! Why would I want people to think I'm a girl?! Gosh, talk about rude!
*Maybe you should stop pouting like a teenage girl, then.*
Kyouhei: I don't HATE my face or anything, I just don't like it when people make fun of me for looking girlish.
Satoru: Yeah, I can--
Ayase: Oh, I understand your pains! I know EXACTLY how that feels!
Ayase: There's nothing more infuriating than having random strangers make all sorts of unsolicited comments about your body, laughing at you, pitying you.
Kyouhei: Huh? Oh, u-um, yeah. I-I know, right?
*She related to his experiences so much that she just jumped in and cut me off.*
*Like, her inordinate feverishness was so much that it weirded out Kyouhei.*
Chisaki: Wow, so even someone as gorgeous as you experiences stuff like that?
Ayase: Huh? Oh, um...
*She's 100\% talking about her breast size.*
Hazuki: I would advise against prying too much.
Hazuki: Mitsukasa-san is a heavily talked about person on the internet and media. She most likely goes through things because of that that we can't imagine or understand.
Chisaki: Sorry about that, Mitsukasa-senpai. I didn't mean to be nosy or anything.
Ayase: Oh no, don't feel bad. No offense was taken by it.
Ayase: Your curiosity was only natural given my reaction. Ahaha... Also, you can simply call me Ayase.
Chisaki: Okay, Ayase-senpai! You can call me Chisaki, by the way.
Ayase: Alright, Chisaki-san.
Kyouhei: Okay, now it's time for the girls.
Kyouhei: I don't really know what stores are good for girls' swimsuits, though, so umm... if someone would like to take over, that'd be great.
Chisaki: Oh, me! I have a place we can go!
Hazuki: Lead the way and we will follow, Chisaki-kun.
Chisaki: Okie doke! It's this way.
*We start walking again, this time with Mibu-san at the front.*
Satoru: ......
Ayase: Sh-Shut up, you!
Satoru: Er, I never said anything.
Ayase: Your eyes are doing ALL the speaking for you!
*Man, this happens with Nanami all the time too. Am I just that bad about keeping a poker face?*
Satoru: I'm a bit surprised, though.
Satoru: I thought for sure there'd be a big commotion when we came here.
Ayase: What do you mean by that, exactly?
Satoru: Well, you're like a celebrity, right?
Satoru: I figured swarms of people would come up to you, asking for your autograph and stuff.
Ayase: I'm only a celebrity among a small minority of people.
Ayase: My presence in a public space doesn't cause anywhere near the level of fervor as that of real celebrities, who appear on TV.
Satoru: Oh, okay.
Ayase: I do, admittedly, get the occasional person who recognizes me. Though, I rarely ever come across fans as rabid as that--
Voice: Oh, is that Mitsukasa-san I see?
Satoru: Speak of the devil... Oh, wait.
Ayase: Shikibe-senpai?
Mayu: Hi, how's it going? Oh, you're out with Arihara-kun?
Mayu: Am I, um, interrupting something?
Nanami: Oh, Shikibe-senpai. Hello.
Mayu: Ahh! O-Oh, you're here too, Nanami-chan. Hi.
Nanami: Please, don't jump at the mere sight of my face. I swear, what happened that one day was a complete misunderstanding.
Mayu: Y-Yeah, I know... But my body just kinda reacted on instinct. Sorry.
Mayu: But boy, Arihara-kun, taking your sister along on a date with another girl? That's some next-level fetish stuff...
Satoru: There's nothing that weird going on here.
Hazuki: Oh, fancy meeting you here, Shikibe-senpai.
Mayu: Oh, Nijouin-san's here too. And even Suou-kun and Mibu-san. You've got a whole group.
Kyouhei: Hey.
Chisaki: Hi!
*I guess it makes sense that they all know her.*
*We all live in the same dorm, plus, like Mitsukasa-san, Shikibe-senpai is a bit of a famous figure around the school... or INFAMOUS, I should say.*
Mayu: So what are you guys all doing out here today?
Mayu: Well, I guess that's a dumb question. You're obviously shopping. Did you guys want a group look or something?
Chisaki: Oh, I know! How would you like to come shopping with us?
Mayu: Hm?
Chisaki: Ta-dah! What say you to this?
Nanami: Nooooo way! A thousand times no! I could never walk out in front of other people wearing such a revealing bikini like that!
Chisaki: Oh, but it's just PERFECT for accentuating your cuteness, Nanami-chan! You'll knock all the guys dead!
Nanami: I don't need to knock anyone dead, okay? I'm supposed to be wearing this during class.
Chisaki: Hmm. You want something that's easy to move in, so maybe a one-piecer would be better?
Chisaki: But the problem with one-piecers is they're really tight, so if anything, they'd highlight your body's shape a lot more than a bikini would.
Nanami: Ugh, I don't think I have the confidence for that... I'm a little pudgy in certain areas.
Chisaki: They do look kind of kiddy, I guess, but what about a halterneck? Oh, or maybe something else!
Nanami: I'm a little surprised at how much they have here. There's a lot of really cute swimsuits... I kind of want to spend some time trying on all sorts of different ones.
Chisaki: Oh, nice! Trying stuff on is a good idea. It makes deciding a WHOLE lot easier.
Ayase: What do you think of this one, Nijouin-san?
Hazuki: Wh-What IS that?! It's so outlandishly revealing! Who would even wear an outfit that reveals that much skin?!
Hazuki: G-Good god... it looks something straight out of one of those raunchy videos!
Ayase: Oh, do girls wear swimsuits like these in those videos you speak of? I've never seen one, so I wouldn't know.
Hazuki: Ack! I, umm... I, of course, haven't either.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Well, either way, this is a perfectly normal bikini. You could go to the beach and see people wearing it.
Hazuki: That does not matter! It's still MUCH too revealing for someone like me who has little experience wearing swimsuits...
Ayase: While I will say that you would look very beautiful in a one-piece swimsuit, that is what you already have.
Ayase: Since you've come to buy a NEW swimsuit, why not try something new and different?
Hazuki: Well, I told myself I would before we came here, but now that I'm seeing this outfit with my own two eyes, I'm having second thoughts.
Ayase: Why not try it on first and see how you feel in it? Maybe your reservations stem from simply never having worn a bikini before.
Ayase: Who knows, you might find yourself surprisingly comfortable in one.
Hazuki: Okay. You do make a good point. I won't know how it feels until I try it on...
Hazuki: I-I'll be back.
Ayase: Okay, take your time.
Chisaki: What about this one, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: Oh, I like that one. It's pretty cute.
Chisaki: Are you going to try on anything, Ayase-senpai?
Ayase: No, I think I'm fine.
Chisaki: Are you sure?
Chisaki: You have pretty big boobs, so honestly, you'll wanna try on anything to make sure it fits before you buy it. 
Ayase: I understand your concern, but don't worry. I'm very well-acquainted with what size is right for me.
Chisaki: Hrm, I still think you should, though.
Ayase: Oh, I assure you, I will be QUITE alright. Ohohoho.
Chisaki: O-Okay... Sorry for being kind of pushy.
*Well, I guess when you use pads you can just add or subtract until you get the right size.*
*Fake tits are actually kind of useful, when you think about it like that.*
Ayase: ......
*And the very moment the aforementioned thought crosses my mind, I get a death glare from Mitsukasa-san.*
*I'm really having a hard time believing her ability isn't telepathy or something.*
Mayu: Oh, so you guys are buying swimsuits.
Satoru: Why don't you join them? I'm sure it'll be fun.
Mayu: You want ME to? Haha... don't kid.
Mayu: There's no way in hell I can reveal my skin next to all these young, beautiful girls... ugh...
Satoru: Really? I think you'd look just as good in a bikini as they would.
Mayu: Thank you for trying to cheer me up. I really appreciate it, I do.
*I mean, I was just being honest... But at this point, I doubt she'd listen to me if I tried to explain that.*
Satoru: Is it really that bad?
Mayu: What? Of COURSE! Letting people see my skin next to theirs would literally spell death for me! It'd be like being hanged at the gallows!
*Man, she's not very strong if that's enough to kill her.*
Mayu: I have a perfectly good swimsuit anyway, so I'll pass for today. Watching from back here is fun enough for me.
Satoru: Well, if you say so.
Satoru: Speaking of which, what are you doing at the mall today?
Mayu: Hm? Oh, well, I just kind of came here to come here, you know?
Kyouhei: Oh, so you're not looking for anything in particular?
Mayu: Yeah, I had an errand to run, and decided to swing by since I was in the area. Oh, and I've already taken care of the errand, so don't worry about taking up my time.
Mayu: Just figured I'd wander around, browse some stuff, and maybe buy something if I found something I liked.
Kyouhei: I've heard that girls like looking around at various stuff even if they know they won't buy it. Is that true?
Mayu: Hmm. That's an off-limits question there. If you said something like that to your girlfriend, she'd definitely get upset.
Kyouhei: People always joke about how long girls take when shopping, but man, I never expected it to be this true...
Kyouhei: I'm so bored I'm gonna die.
Mayu: If you can't handle this, then you're going to have an awful time later down the road when you get a girlfriend.
Kyouhei: Indecisive girls aren't my type, actually.
Kyouhei: Hey, Satoru. You care if I wander off for a bit? I'm kinda hungry, so I wanna go find something to eat.
Satoru: Sure, go ahead.
Kyouhei: I'll try not to be gone for too long, but if I'm not back by the time they're done choosing, just shoot me a call.
Satoru: You probably won't have to worry about that, but will do.
*I haven't seen a single one of them step out of the fitting rooms yet.*
Kyouhei: Alright, be back in a bit.
Kyouhei: *sigh* I'm absolutely famished.
Mayu: You're not gonna go?
Satoru: Nah, I'm not too hungry.
*Even if I was, I have to protect Mitsukasa-san.*
*The position I'm in is rather advantageous, you see. Not only can I see everything that's going on in the store, I have a good view of the rest of the mall as well.*
*That being said, I haven't felt anyone watching us, so we're probably not in any danger.*
Mayu: Not with him. I meant the girls.
Satoru: Huh?
*I was focusing my attention on the surroundings, but Shikibe-senpai corrects me, pointing inside the store.*
Mayu: Whether or not they'd admit it, I think they would greatly appreciate your opinion as a boy.
Satoru: Er, it's kind of embarrassing to enter a store full of women's swimsuits.
Satoru: Besides, I'm apparently not the smoothest with my words.
Mayu: Ahaha! Who tells you that?
Satoru: I make my sister mad a lot because of it.
*Mitsukasa-san too. I feel like she's out to kill me.*
Mayu: But, you know, communication is still important. Even if it means upsetting someone every once in a while, you still gotta say those things.
Mayu: Rather than thinking "I can't," you should just try and see what happens. That practice will really help you out when you get a girlfriend.
Satoru: First I need to figure out HOW to get a girlfriend.
Mayu: That kind of negative mindset won't get you anywhere.
Mayu: Come on, stop standing out here like some chump and get in there. Tell those girls what you think.
Mayu: You might not think so, but I promise you they want to know.
Satoru: Really?
Mayu: That's just how girls are. You seeing them is embarrassing for them, but they still want you to see. They want to hear you say they look attractive, even if it makes them blush like crazy. 
Mayu: Here's some words of wisdom from little ole me: Women seem very complicated, but once you figure them out, they're very simple. 
Satoru: ......
*There's been no change in situation. I still don't sense anyone staring at us.*
*Well, I guess it won't hurt to walk in for a while.*
Mayu: Don't look at me like that! I used to be a beautiful, youthful girl too at one point in time, okay?
Satoru: What? I never questioned that. I'm not that rude.
Satoru: And honestly, I think you're still just as youthful as they are.
Mayu: Haha... I appreciate the comment.
Mayu: But I'm not "youthful." Not at this age, no. I can't even refer to myself that way non-sarcastically... And even sarcastically, it's like poking my heart with a needle.
Mayu: I do appreciate the sentiment, though. But, look, enough about me, go on. If you dawdle too long, they'll be all done by the time you get in there.
Satoru: Alright, if you insist.
Mayu: Wonderful. Good luck in there, champ!
================================================================================
Satoru: Alright, time to get up.
*I've woken up earlier than my alarm.*
*I got SOME sleep, but it definitely wasn't a good night of rest.*
Satoru: What does she want to tell me?
*I couldn't stop thinking about yesterday.*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Well, I won't know till she tells me.
*I never knew her before I came here.*
*And she's also a girl.*
*I'm way too inexperienced in interpersonal relationships to make any sort of guess as to what she wants.*
Satoru: But first, I need to jog.
Hazuki: Good morning to you, Arihara-kun.
Satoru: Hi there, Nijouin-san.
Hazuki: Thank you for yesterday's excursion. I had much fun.
Satoru: Oh no, thank you. You showed me around and everything.
Satoru: Swim class will be exciting. I can't wait to see the looks on everyone's faces when they see you in your new swimsuit.
Hazuki: Nghhh! Why do you have to tease me like that, Arihara-kun?
Satoru: I wasn't trying to... But you ARE going to wear it, right?
Hazuki: Well, yes. It would be more than rude to everyone who helped me choose yesterday if I didn't wear it at all.
Hazuki: B-But, please! Don't say you're... excited. That just makes me feel all the more embarrassed.
*Her face is bright red.*
*At times like these, the mask of dignity and gracefulness she usually wears disappears and she becomes a normal, bashful girl.*
Hazuki: W-Well, that aside, I'm a bit curious as to why you're up so early. Are you doing something?
Satoru: Just going for a morning jog.
Hazuki: Ah, I do remember you mentioning to me once before that you exercise in the mornings.
Satoru: Eh, just some light running is all it is, really.
Hazuki: If you don't mind, could I possibly come along?
Satoru: Sure, I don't mind.
Hazuki: Thank you so much! Wait here for one moment while I go get changed!
Satoru: Okay.
Hazuki: I'll be back!
*Visibly filled with glee, she heads up the stairs.*
Satoru: This'll be my first time having a jogging partner.
*I was also required to learn and train in martial arts when I joined the SFD.*
*But that served the purpose of giving me firsthand combat experience.*
*Not knowing how to fight can lead to death on the field. So that was never as relaxed and enjoyable as this.*
Satoru: And it's a girl too.
*Oh, maybe I could ask her...*
Hazuki: Something that would require mental preparation, you say?
Satoru: Yeah.
*I've decided that I won't get anywhere wracking my brains.*
*So that's why I'm asking Nijouin-san.*
*She's a girl herself, so I thought maybe she knows something I wouldn't.*
Hazuki: Do you not have any other information? It's a bit hard to draw conclusions from something as vague as that.
Satoru: Hm, what about specific topics that would require that? Anything you can think of?
Hazuki: That isn't any less vague, but hmm. I guess, for myself, doing something new that I haven't done before often requires a bit of mental preparation.
Hazuki: Yesterday was a perfect example of that. My hands were shaking when I was at the register buying my swimsuit.
Hazuki: And just imagining what it will be like wearing that in front of my peers... ngh! How embarrassing.
Satoru: Okay, that makes sense.
Hazuki: Additionally, I do feel a good bit nervous whenever I enter stores I've never been to before.
*I completely relate to all of those.*
*But, I don't know, this whole thing with Shikibe-senpai just feels different somehow.*
Hazuki: Aside from this, hrm... This may sound cliched, but, for example, confessions... You know, confessing your feelings to someone you have a crush on.
Satoru: A confession...
*From Shikibe-senpai?*
Mayu: I really like you, Arihara-kun. Please go out with me.
*Yeah, not a chance.*
*We've only known each other for, what, a week? Nobody would ask out someone they've only known for such a short a period of time.*
Hazuki: Ah, but, um, it doesn't necessarily have to be a confession of the romantic kind!
Hazuki: Confessions can take many different forms. Like, for example, you might have to confess to someone that you broke the branch of a cherry blossom tree.
Hazuki: No matter what it may be, confessing a secret is something that requires a lot of courage and preparation, in my opinion.
Satoru: I agree.
*There's one thing that's clear to me. Whatever it is that she wants to tell me, it's something very important to her.*
*Rather than getting myself all worked up and letting my imagination run wild, I should just come ready to listen and take it as it comes.*
Satoru: Thanks, Nijouin-san.
Hazuki: I'm sorry I couldn't be of more help.
Satoru: Oh no, your input helped a ton. 
Hazuki: Well, if it did, then great.
Hazuki: But what is this all about? A personal problem of yours?
Satoru: Nah, not really. I just wanted to make small talk.
Hazuki: If you ever need advice pertaining to a certain topic, I'm always available. I'd be glad to assist you in whatever ways I can.
Hazuki: And, of course, I guarantee complete confidentiality. I won't spill your secrets.
Satoru: Thanks. I'll take you up on that if I ever need someone's advice on something.
Hazuki: Great to hear.
Satoru: Thank you for the meal, ma'am.
Canteen Lady: Have a good day!
*I've finished my breakfast, and brought up my dishes.*
*Guess I'll just head back to my room and wait for Shikibe-senpai to call.*
Mayu: Oh, Arihara-kun. Good morning.
Satoru: Good morning, Senpai.
Mayu: Good thing I ran into you here.
Mayu: I actually tried going to your room, but you weren't there.
Satoru: Sorry, I went jogging.
Mayu: Oh, jogging? Hmm, I SEE.
Mayu: That explains why you're so toned.
Satoru: Well, I'm not specifically trying to build muscle, but yeah, I guess that's why.
Satoru: So, um, about the thing you wanted to talk about.
Mayu: Ah, right. Don't worry, I'm ready to do this.
Satoru: You wanna do it here?
Mayu: Somewhere more private would probably be better.
Mayu: So, maybe... Oh, I know. Wanna just go to my room?
Mayu: I'll feel more comfortable there, plus we won't have to worry about anyone hearing us.
*I definitely won't feel comfortable in her room... But eh, whatever's best for her.*
Satoru: Am I allowed to go on the girls' floors, though?
Mayu: Yeah, it's perfectly fine during the day. 
Mayu: Just try not to act nervous and antsy. That's what'll make people think we're doing something we shouldn't.
Satoru: Okay. I'm ready to go if you are.
Mayu: Ah, um, wait! Can I have a little time to get my room ready first?
Mayu: I know it's pretty inhospitable to make you wait after I invited you, but I need to tidy up. I was going to last night, but I was so busy thinking about today that I forgot.
Mayu: It should only take about, um, thirty minutes! Could you come on over to my room in half an hour?
Satoru: Sure. If you don't mind me asking, though, what exactly are we going to be talking about?
Satoru: I know it's something kind of personal, but I'd kinda like some time to mentally prepare, if possible.
Mayu: Hmm. I can't tell you everything right now, but...
*She looks around to confirm that nobody else is around.*
*After that, she quietly brings her lips to my ear and whispers.*
Mayu: It's about your secret.
Satoru: What?!
*Did she just say what I think she did?*
*There's not much room for speculation there. The only secret I have is my job at the SFD.*
*My body starts to break out in a cold sweat.*
*I can feel my heartbeat skyrocketing.*
Satoru: Wh-What did you mean by that?
Mayu: I can't risk having someone overhear us, so it'll have to wait till we're in my room.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: O-Okay.
Mayu: Okay, see you in half an hour!
*My feet stay rooted to the ground as I watch her walk off.*
Satoru: ......
*She found me out...*
*How? Where did I fuck up?*
*From the way she talked about it, though, it seems like she's the only one.*
*How the hell did she catch me when the goddamn security couldn't?!*
*Did we leave behind some sort of evidence when we snuck in her lab? No, can't be. I'm extremely meticulous about that.*
*Then was it some digital footprint of ours in the AIMS database? Well, I wouldn't know about that. Only Nanami would.*
*But she's NEVER made that kind of mistake before, and I highly doubt she did this time around.*
*So what does that leave?*
*Maybe her room has a security camera installed in it? There aren't any in the rest of the school, but it's still possible.*
*It could be some hidden microcamera, or even a wiretap device...*
Satoru: (This is not good. This is REALLY not good.)
*I have no way of knowing that she won't report me to security.*
*What makes this worse is that it's my SECOND blunder already.*
*I blew my cover to Mitsukasa-san, and now Shikibe-senpai... This is hardly a situation I want to be in.*
*And I'll HAVE to report this to the chief. There's no way around it.*
Satoru: ......
*Okay, calm down, Satoru. Don't jump the gun here. We don't know 100\% that that's what she's going to talk about.*
Satoru: Boy, I sure hope I'm wrong...
*But if not that, then what? I can't see anything else it could possibly be.*
*Agh, goddammit. I'll just have to try talking to her and see what I can do.*
Satoru: Better prepare myself for the worst now.
Satoru: It's me, Senpai.
Mayu: One sec, I'm coming! I'll open the door right now.
Mayu: Sorry about that. Come on in.
Satoru: Alright.
*Her room is well-decorated, much unlike mine is. Also, do I smell coffee?*
*I'm curious, but nowhere near composed enough to search for answers right now. *
Satoru: (If she found out about me being in the SFD, I'm screwed.)
Mayu: I made some coffee to help me relax.
Mayu: You want a cup too?
Satoru: No, um, I'm good. If you don't mind, can we get right to it?
Mayu: Yeah, I know. I won't make you wait any longer.
*She then takes a sip of her still-hot coffee.*
Satoru: So what is this all about?
Satoru: You mentioned my secret, but I can only think of one thing that would mean.
*I simply had to ask.*
*My heart is pounding too hard for me to wait right now.*
Mayu: Yeah, you're right. This is all about that secret of yours.
Mayu: Nishiyuki Satoru. Does that name ring a bell?
Satoru: Wha--?!
*My body instantly freezes the moment I hear her say that name.*
*How does she... know?*
Mayu: Judging from that reaction, I guess you are Nishiyuki Satoru.
Satoru: How...?
Satoru: That's my old last name. Where did you hear about it?
*I wasn't always an Arihara.*
*Before my dad adopted me, I lived in an orphanage. Life there was all I'd known. I never knew my parents.*
*And my last name back then was "Nishiyuki."*
Mayu: You lived at the Fuuran Orphanage until you were taken in by your adoptive father, right?
Satoru: Yeah... but how? How do you know that?
Mayu: Fuuran was my old home too.
Satoru: Huh?
Mayu: I was an orphan living there just like you.
Satoru: You... used to live there?
Mayu: Uh-huh. But I guess you don't remember me, huh?
Mayu: Well, it's no wonder you wouldn't. I basically kept to myself most of the time, never talked to anyone or made friends or anything.
Satoru: ......
*I DO think I remember a girl who fit that description.*
*She was older than me, and really quiet. She never got scolded, but never was praised either. She'd just sit off in the corner minding her own business.*
*I don't remember her name or what she looked like, though.*
*That had to have been Shikibe-senpai.*
Satoru: W-Wait, so, um, when you said you knew my secret, you were talking about how I used to live in an orphanage?
Mayu: Uh-huh.
Satoru: Good. So I'm in the clear...
Mayu: Hm? What're you talking about?
Satoru: Nothing. Just talking to myself.
Satoru: I guess I'm just still a little shocked. I never imagined I'd run into someone from my old orphanage here.
*Phew... It wasn't about the SFD.*
*Come to think of it, this explains a few things. Like when she asked about my childhood that one time.*
*It is a big relief, but this is still somewhat unsettling.*
Satoru: Wait, though. Something doesn't quite add up.
Satoru: I should've been the only Astral there.
*I know for a fact that she's one herself.*
*After all, I saw her ability firsthand on the day we first met.*
Mayu: Yeah, you should've, but there was actually one more.
Mayu: A shy, timid girl who couldn't tell anyone the truth because she was afraid of being bullied.
Satoru: And that girl was you?
Mayu: Yep. I basically abandoned you, I know.
Mayu: I still owe you an apology for that.
Satoru: What? You don't need to apologize for that.
*I don't blame her for doing what she needed to. I know firsthand what kind of awful things you have to deal with when people know you're an Astral.*
*Adults won't hide their hatred for you, even if you're a kid.*
*And with fellow kids, that prejudice is expressed much more frankly, as kids always do.*
Satoru: You did nothing wrong, Senpai.
*Who can blame her for keeping her mouth shut after witnessing the abuse I endured? Anybody would've.*
*She's not responsible for what happened to me.*
Satoru: It's my fault I got bullied--or well, ended up in the situation I did.
Satoru: Just remembering what I was like back then hurts.
*None of that was a lie. Those are my sincere feelings.*
*Thinking back on those days is like taking a knife to my heart, and twisting it.*
*It's the very picture of a cringe-worthy childhood.*
*See, I've had my ability for as long as I could remember, so I treated it as normal. I had to learn the hard way that I was different from everyone else.*
*Due to that, my peers began to shun me, and before long, I was a complete outcast.*
*"This stupid ability is why my parents abandoned me. It's why none of the other kids want to be my friend."*
*I was convinced of it back then.*
*Time after time, I would ask myself why I was born this way. It just all seemed too unfair to me.*
*As time went on, and I never resolved those questions inside my mind, eventually, a deep anger begin to brew within me.*
*I vented that anger by acting out and being unruly.*
*That was the real reason I was never liked. I was a stupid brat who used his ability to make people's lives harder.*
*Like, for example, I would often sneak out of the orphanage and go cause trouble out around town.*
*Of course nobody wants to associate with a troublemaker, which only made my irritation spiral more and more out of control.*
*I was trapped in an endless, self-serving loop of self-pity and anger.*
*I hate the kid I once was, but he'll forever remain a part of me.*
*Anyhow, that brings us to the story of how I met my foster dad.*
*It was a day like any other. I had snuck out of the orphanage and was roaming around the town, when I happened to find a girl.*
*She looked around the same age as me and she was surrounded by a bunch of men who I assumed to be picking on her.*
*They were grown, adult men, so I had to look up at them.*
*Yet, funnily enough, I jumped those bastards' throats without even the slightest hesitation. Or, I guess, actually--that was just what you'd expect from a rascal like me.*
Satoru: Stop bullying her, you jerks.
Guy A: What was that, punk?
*I wasn't trying to be a hero or anything.*
*I just happened to notice that the girl was an Astral, and those men were picking on her because of that.*
*It pissed me off.*
Satoru: What'd she ever do to you, huh? Leave her alone, you stupid old farts.
Guy B: Oh, another little shit, eh? You're really runnin' your mouth. I bet you're an Astral too, aren'tcha?
Guy C: 'Course he is, you idiot. Who ELSE would defend an Astral?
Satoru: You're all grown ass dudes picking on some weak little girl. Aren't you ashamed of yourselves?
Guy A: Heh. Who the fuck do you think you are, punk?
Guy B: Nobody likes you freaks and your powers.
Guy C: Yeah, so scram.
Satoru: Kgh.
Guy A: You better get out of here if you know what's good for ya.
Satoru: You first, dummy.
Guy A: 'Scuse you, kid? You better watch your mouth if you don't want me to teach you a lesson.
Satoru: I think you're the one who needs to be taught a lesson.
Guy A: You little shit. I'm gonna shut you up for good!
Guy A: Agh?!
Guy B: What the hell are you doin'?!
Satoru: Hey, he attacked me first.
Guy C: You filthy Astrals!
Guy A: You're really gonna pay now!
Satoru: Come try me!
*The first shot had been fired, and a full-on public brawl ensued.*
*It ended with the girl in tears, me with a broken arm (mishandling of my ability), and all the bullies bleeding.*
*The police were quick to arrive and take me in. They called the orphanage, and the director came to pick me up. *
*And it kept happening, again and again. It's no wonder my peers wanted nothing to do with me.*
*One day, however, I experienced something a little different.*
Ryuunosuke: So you're the little Astral kid who's been going around town beating people up?
Satoru: Who the heck are you?
Ryuunosuke: I'm nobody. Just a random old man who felt compelled to do something about your little violent streak.
*My dad was the one who arrived at the police station to talk to me that day.*
Ryuunosuke: Boy, I knew the rumors said you were just a wee little kid, but I didn't expect that to actually be true.
Satoru: What, are you here to say nasty things about me 'cause I'm an Astral? Go somewhere else and stop wasting my time.
Ryuunosuke: That wasn't what I meant, kid. Sheesh, you've sure got an attitude.
Satoru: What was that?! Say it to my face!
Ryuunosuke: Sorry, that was my bad. Didn't mean to say that.
Ryuunosuke: All kids your age are that way. I shouldn't have blamed you for that.
Satoru: You wanna go, gramps?!
Ryuunosuke: Excuse you, kid! I'm no "gramps"! I'm still thiry years old! Rounding down!
Satoru: Hah. Stupid old man.
Ryuunosuke: I am not old! Take that back!
Satoru: Make me!
*The SFD wasn't a thing back then.*
*There probably was some sort of organization that preceded it, which must've been where he worked at the time.*
*So he then caught wind of some rumors about an Astral stirring up trouble around town, and came to see if I was really a kid.*
*After that, he looked into my background, began to feel sorry for me, and--unable to turn a blind eye--decided to adopt me.*
*I never asked him why, but I'm sure it had to be something along those lines.*
*Following my chance encounter with him, I did in fact clean up my act. That was when I first began to develop into the person I am today.*
*Deep down, I still ask myself those same questions I did as a child.*
*WHY WAS I BORN THIS WAY?*
*But I'm happy now with my life. *
*And I even have the opportunity to help others with my ability--something the old me would probably scoff at.*
*I want to forget those days. I want nothing more than to move on... but those painful memories have just been resurfaced because of what Shikibe-senpai just told me.*
Mayu: I was really shocked when you left. We didn't get a notice or anything. It was just one day, all of a sudden, you were gone.
Satoru: Trust me, I was just as shocked.
Satoru: I never expected there to be a person out there willing to adopt someone like me.
*It should also be noted that he never adopted me with the intention of working me for my ability.*
*He was against me joining the SFD more than anyone else.*
*I was determined, though, so I pushed right through his opposition.*
*Using my ability for the good of others: I felt like this was the only way I'd arrive at an answer to those longstanding questions in the back of my mind.*
Satoru: Must've been real peaceful there after I left.
Mayu: I mean...
Mayu: I can't deny that it was.
Satoru: Figured.
Mayu: But I felt awful because of what happened. I held so much regret in me.
Satoru: Why?
Mayu: Promise me you won't get mad, okay? I know this is wrong, but it's just what I thought at the moment.
Satoru: Okay, I'm listening.
Mayu: I thought the orphanage people had gotten fed up with you and all your antics, and decided to toss you out. Basically, I thought the adoption thing was a lie.
Satoru: That's, er... a pretty far-fetched conclusion to draw.
Mayu: Oh, I know. I was so grief-stricken back then that I convinced myself of something so absurd.
Mayu: Being a fellow Astral myself, I understood why you were angry all the time. I hated myself for not speaking up out of my own selfish interests.
Satoru: There's nothing wrong with doing that, though.
Satoru: You have to look out for yourself, first and foremost. That always holds true.
Mayu: Maybe so, but I still couldn't shake the feeling that I could've at least done SOMETHING to help you.
Mayu: I've harbored those feelings of guilt and regret this whole time.
Satoru: Is that why you recognized me straight away?
Mayu: Kind of, I guess you could say. But what really did it was your name: Satoru written with the character for "dawn."
Mayu: Your facial features are definitely similar, but honestly, if it weren't for your name I probably would've just told myself you were different people and written it off as coincidence.
Mayu: I was still a little unsure, though, so I went and asked.
Satoru: Went and asked, as in?
Mayu: I paid a much-belated visit to the Fuuran Orphanage yesterday.
Satoru: So THAT was the errand you mentioned?
Mayu: Uh-huh. I went and talked to the director.
Satoru: The director... Man, that brings back memories.
Satoru: Not great ones, though. All that guy ever did was scold me.
Mayu: Yeah, he can be pretty intimidating.
Mayu: He got real upset at me when I came, too. He said, and I quote, "I can't possibly do that! You should know better than to ask that."
Satoru: Sounds just like him.
Mayu: So unfortunately I didn't get anywhere.
Mayu: He didn't even really know anything anyway, since you weren't adopted through the official adoption process.
*Probably because of my dad's occupation. That would be why the orphanage wasn't told anything.*
Mayu: They did still have some photos with you in them, though, so I looked at those. They were what convinced me that you really are him.
Satoru: Ugh, I can't imagine the nasty look I must've had on my face.
Mayu: Oh, don't worry. Your facial expressions now aren't much prettier.
Satoru: Was that supposed to make me feel better?
Mayu: *giggle* Nope, I was just playing with you. Your facial expressions are much different now--or honestly, your entire personality is.
Mayu: You're a lot more cheerful and spirited now.
Satoru: Is it that noticeable?
Mayu: Oh, it is. That's a good part of why I had my doubts when I first met you.
Satoru: So, basically, you baited me in with the mention of a "secret," and I fell for it hook, line, and sinker?
Mayu: Sorry, I know that was kind of dirty of me.
Satoru: No, it's fine. It's my fault for being an idiot.
Mayu: Also, um... let me take the opportunity to apologize again for what happened to you back then.
Satoru: Like I said, you really don't have to feel bad about that.
Satoru: I got what I had coming. You aren't responsible for that in any way.
Mayu: I'm not trying to say I am. Honestly, this apology is more for me than it is for you.
Mayu: I've been carrying that baggage for around half my life, so by apologizing to you here and now, I can get some of it off me and move on with my life.
Mayu: Man, here I go again, making everything about myself. Sorry about that. I guess I haven't matured since then like I should have.
Satoru: ......
Mayu: ......
*She slumps her shoulders like someone who just got told off for doing something wrong.*
*I'm REALLY not good at dealing with these kinds of situations.*
Satoru: Can I ask you to do something for me, Senpai?
Mayu: Sure.
Satoru: Could we just lay the past to rest and not bring this up anymore? I mean, it's not like I want to totally forget about that part of my life, but I don't want to be reminded of what a little brat I used to be.
Satoru: Also, I'd appreciate it if you kept this between us. 
Mayu: Of course. I never intended to tell anyone.
Satoru: Thank you.
Satoru: For my part, I won't tell anyone about you either.
Satoru: Also, um, I'll let you do whatever you want to make amends. I'll sit here and take your apologies if that's what it takes for you to be able to move on.
Mayu: Really?
Satoru: Well, it's part of the deal. Plus, I'm definitely at least partly to blame for why you felt guilty over what happened to me.
Satoru: I'm fully prepared to take responsibility for that.
Mayu: ......
Mayu: Man, you've really changed so much, Arihara-kun. It's almost hard to believe. You're probably more mature than I am.
Satoru: Yeah, I know, but please don't remind me any more. My chest is starting to hurt from all these awful memories...
Mayu: I can see why. You'd pick fights with just about anyone who got in your way.
Satoru: PLEASE!
Mayu: Haha, sorry.
Mayu: But yeah... I didn't do anything for you when I should've. I'm sorry.
*After that, she slowly moves her hands towards me.*
*They come closer, and reach me, but I sense no malice in her actions.*
*Since I lowered my guard, I reacted too slow to stop her from pulling my head towards her.*
Satoru: Er, what?
*A sudden surge of warmth overcomes me.*
*I also feel a soft sensation pressing against both of my cheeks.*
Satoru: (What is going on?)
*I've never experienced anything like this before. My mind goes blank as I try to understand.*
Mayu: There, there. Everything's gonna be alright.
Satoru: Umm, Senpai?
Mayu: Yes?
Satoru: What exactly... are you doing?
Mayu: Well, I'm hugging you.
*Her arms are wrapped around my head.*
*Slightly awkwardly, but more than anything, I can feel the kindness and love in her actions.*
*I've finally grasped the situation, and now the blood is rushing to my head. My body feels like it's on fire.*
Satoru: Wh-Why'd you just do this out of nowhere?!
Mayu: It wasn't "out of nowhere." I've been wanting to do this for a long, long time.
Satoru: S-Senpai?
Mayu: You never had anyone who truly loved you back when you were a kid, so there was nobody who would hug you like this.
Mayu: I was the older one of us, so it was probably my responsibility to do something. I kept telling myself that, if I ever met you again, I'd give you a big hug.
Mayu: I'd tell you that you weren't alone. That I'm an Astral just like you.
Satoru: I get what you're saying, but is it really necessary to bury my face in your cleavage like this?!
Mayu: Oh, come on... You're the one who just said I could do WHATEVER I wanted to make amends.
Satoru: I know, but STILL!
Mayu: Or what, were you lying?
Satoru: No, I was not.
Mayu: Then what's the big deal? Just relax.
Satoru: Look... I know I said that, but we aren't little kids anymore.
Satoru: This is not good... for a variety of reasons...
Mayu: What sorts of reasons? Oh, don't tell me you're starting to feel a little funny?
Satoru: Is that even a question?! Your boobs are right in my face! How is a guy supposed to "relax" in a situation like this?!
Mayu: Oh, yeah. Your face is red from ear to ear.
Mayu: Still, you DID say anything. Going back on your word is a bad, bad thing.
Mayu: I'll have to bottle all these feelings back up again and keep them stored away.
Satoru: Kgh!
Satoru: Okay, you can do it! Just please, try to make it quick!
Mayu: I'm really so sorry. I was weak back then. I couldn't find the courage to say anything, so I just kept my mouth shut and watched everyone treat you like a good-for-nothing.
*Her gentle voice soothes me as I bask in the comfort of her bodily warmth.*
*I've never been embraced like this ever in my life, so I was really startled when it happened.*
*But now that I'm experiencing it, I have to say... this is pretty nice.*
Satoru: ......
*This sounds weird, but it's almost like her feelings are flowing into me.*
*Her warmth is wrapped around me like a blanket and I feel so cozy.*
Satoru: (This is VERY not good. Having my face buried in her cleavage is so embarrassing.)
Satoru: (But there's a voice in the back of my mind telling me to surrender myself to her.)
Satoru: Umm... Senpai? If you're done now, could you please let me go?
Mayu: Wow, that was a bit rude. Is my bosom that uncomfortable?
Satoru: That's, um, not the issue.
*I almost feel like a little kid crying in his mommy's arms.*
*And now that THAT image is in my head, the embarrassment has amplified tenfold.*
Satoru: It's embarrassing!
Satoru: You can't tell me you aren't, either! I mean, I'm a guy!
Mayu: Of course I am. I was so nervous at first my hands were shaking.
Mayu: But once I brought you into my arms, I felt so at ease... I guess it's what a mom feels when they hug their kids.
Mayu: Hey, Sacchan.
Satoru: Err, am I supposed to be Sacchan?
Mayu: Yep.
Satoru: That sounds REALLY girly.
Mayu: Oh, you don't like it? Hmm, then how about Satoru-kun? Is that better?
Satoru: Not really.
Mayu: What? Why? Nanami-chan calls you that, doesn't she?
Satoru: Yeah, and she's my sister.
Satoru: Why do you even want to use my first name?
Mayu: Okay, so you aren't "Nishiyuki-kun" anymore now. But now that I know you're him using Arihara just doesn't feel right. It feels like a stranger's name, you see what I mean?
Mayu: So that's why I want to call you Satoru-kun. It's a big step required for little ole me to move on.
Satoru: It feels a little cheap of you to bring that up now.
Mayu: Hmm. How about I do a little something to make you say yes?
Satoru: What?
*I-I can't move my body, for some reason!*
*My upper body mainly, it feels like.*
Satoru: Umm, Senpai? What are you doing?
Mayu: I used my ability to make a wall of astrons around you.
Mayu: And now that I've got you trapped, you won't be going anywhere. Hehehe.
Satoru: What gives?!
Mayu: What do you think might happen if I screamed out right now? With the position we're in right now, someone might think you were trying to molest me. Sure wouldn't want that, huh?
Satoru: What the hell?! You're wicked!
Mayu: Well, like I've told you, I have a real bad habit of blurting out ideas the moment they come into my head.
Satoru: You should REALLY do something about that!
*Ngh! My body is so tightly fixed in place I feel like I've been frozen.*
*Man, I didn't know she was capable of creating walls this strong.*
*If she screams out right now, I might seriously be accused of assault!*
Mayu: *giggle* I'm not actually going to scream, that was just a little joke. I'm not THAT mean.
Mayu: But I really do want to call you Satoru-kun. Is there no way you could make an excpetion?
Satoru: Fine. You can call me whatever you want.
Mayu: You said it. I'm not gonna allow any take-backs, okay?
Satoru: Yeah, I know, so can you please deactivate your power?
Mayu: Alrighty.
*The moment I regain my freedom I pull away from her.*
Mayu: You didn't have to do it in such a rush.
Satoru: Well. I guess I'm not the only one who's changed.
Satoru: You used to be the quiet, timid girl who read books in a corner, but look at how bold you are now.
Mayu: No, I've always been this way. I just hid my real personality back then.
Satoru: Well, I think it's a wonderful thing that you're able to express yourself and be who you truly are now. You must've met some great people after we went our separate ways, Senpai.
Mayu: Yeah, I guess you could say that.
Mayu: Also, one thing. Mayu, please.
Satoru: What?
Mayu: Mayu. You call me Shikibe-senpai, but I want you to call me Mayu from now on. Pretty please?
Satoru: Why do I have to use your first name? I thought it was about you.
Mayu: I think it's more fitting if we both switch up. 
Mayu: It represents a new beginning of sorts for us, yeah?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Sorry, but I have to decline, Shikibe-senpai.
Mayu: Mrgh. Your defiant tendencies seem to still be alive and well.
Mayu: You still haven't gotten over that phase, huh? Well, so be it. If you want to be a bad boy, maybe I'll end up blackmailing you for real.
Satoru: I'm leaving. Bye.
Mayu: Hey, don't go! Look, you can call me Mayu, Mayu-nee, Ma-nee, just Onee-chan, or even Mayu-poo! Anything you want!
Satoru: Whoa, don't pull on my clothes like that!
Satoru: Oh god, she's pulling my pants down! Someone help!
Mayu: If you won't call me Mayu, I'll really pull your pants down. Try to leave then.
Satoru: Hands away from my belt!
Mayu: Oh, this brings back memories. I used to do this all the time when I'd change your diapers.
Satoru: Can you not make up crap like that?! I'd long outgrown diapers by the time I moved to Fuuran!
Satoru: Look, fine, I'll do it! I'll do it, so could you stop this now?!
Mayu: You will? Oh, goody. Let's hear it, then.
Satoru: M-Mayu... senpai.
Mayu: You could make it sound a little less awkward.
Satoru: Please, cut me some slack.
Satoru: I've never called a girl other than my sister by her first name ever.
*It's not that big of a deal, I know.*
*But I still can't help but get nervous when I try saying it.*
Mayu: Okay, I guess I won't fuss. Yeah... that's good enough for me.
Mayu: Thanks for doing that. I know I was being a little pushy.
Mayu: But anyhow, I'm glad we were able to reunite, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Me too, Mayu-senpai...
Satoru: Also, um, not to distract from this touching moment, but please let go! This is urgent! My pants are falling down with my boxers and--
*I really don't want anyone to see us like this.*
Hazuki: Shikibe-senpai! I heard a call for help! 
Hazuki: This is an emergency, so please forgive me for opening the door!
Mayu,Satoru: Ah.
Hazuki: ......
Hazuki: What in heavens are you two doing?!
Satoru: Nothing, I swear!
Hazuki: Then do explain why Shikibe-senpai is attempting to take off your pants!
Hazuki: I never knew you two had crossed this line. When did this happen? Wait, no! Even if you are, engaging in this in the middle of the day is wrong!
Hazuki: Sexual deeds are done at night, under covers and quietly so that nobody can hear!
Satoru: And you don't care that we'd be doing that to begin with?!
Hazuki: Y-You're right... The reason for the banning of boys entering girls' hallways during night hours is precisely to prevent improper sexual relationships.
Hazuki: Wait. Would that mean it would be okay if it was a PROPER sexual relationship? If you two are in love with one in another and looking to have a serious relationship, it isn't my place to interfere. Ah, but still!
Hazuki: All I will say is USE PROTECTION! PLEASE!
Satoru: Why'd you have to scream that out at the top of your lungs!
================================================================================
Hazuki: Goodness gracious. You very nearly gave me a heart attack yesterday.
*We're jogging together again today, and Nijouin-san is less than pleased with me after yesterday's mishap.*
Satoru: Oh, me too.
Satoru: You jumped to some REALLY wild conclusions there. 
Hazuki: Anyone would jump to that conclusion after witnessing what I did!
Satoru: Fair point.
*Sex is about the only thing you'd think of when seeing a girl trying to take off a guy's pants.*
*I can't really blame her for misunderstanding, now that I think about it.*
*I probably would've done the same if I was in her position.*
Satoru: Just to make it clear, though, Mayu-senpai and I are purely friends. We're not lovers and we're not in a sexual relationship like you thought.
Hazuki: S-S-S-Sexual?! Whoever said I was thinking of sexual things?! I am NOT a pervert!
Satoru: ......
*RIGHT. The pure maiden who runs off screaming "please use protection!"*
*But I shouldn't point that out, out of respect for her feelings.*
Hazuki: Why are you now calling her Mayu-senpai instead of Shikibe-senpai, though?
Hazuki: You aren't perhaps dating, are you? Wait, no, you already said you weren't.
Satoru: Yeah, we aren't. It's just something that kinda came up as we were talking. It's nothing special, so don't read too deeply into it.
Hazuki: Good. I was actually fretting quite a lot over how I would have to reprimand you as dorm manager if you were doing something you shouldn't be.
Satoru: Yeah, and I imagine that isn't too easy when you're the same age as the ones you're scolding.
Hazuki: It truly isn't. I know that I can't neglect my responsibilities, but relationships are always one thing I struggle with...
Hazuki: You can't properly handle those situations if you lack relationship experience yourself. And since I personally, umm... have never dated, it goes doubly for me.
Satoru: Sorry, again. I didn't mean to put you through all that.
*I'm still a bit surprised, though.*
*I never expected Nijouin-san to have had a boyfriend before, and I knew she'd be prudish to an extent.*
*But she's surprisingly knowledgeable about the topic of sex. That's something I didn't expect at all.*
*I thought her reaction would've been more along the lines of something like this.*
Hazuki: Under no circumstances will I allow such depravity in these dorms!
*Basically, more anger.*
*But maybe she isn't the calm, dignified person she makes herself out to be, and more of a shy, bashful girly girl. *
Hazuki: Phew...
Hazuki: This should be good enough for today.
*Seeing Nijouin-san stop and wipe the sweat off her forehead, I also slow to a halt.*
*This seems like about the same distance we usually run.*
Hazuki: Morning exercise really is invigorating. There simply is no better way to start the morning, in my opinion.
Satoru: You know.
Hazuki: Hm?
Satoru: You're really in-shape. Like, we did all that running and you're not out of breath or anything.
Hazuki: Haha, I guess I am. I've always loved physical exercise. It feels nice.
Hazuki: Are you not the same, though? 
Hazuki: You aren't out of breath either, and your body is surprisingly toned. I would guess your clothes just always do a good job of hiding it.
Satoru: Eh, I'm nothing special. Anyone can get a body like this with regular exercise.
Hazuki: Can you, though? I know you ARE young, but still, would the exercise you get from PE classes at school really be enough to develop muscles like you have?
Hazuki: I would think you must be doing additional exercise.
Satoru: Err, kind of.
Satoru: It's for my ability.
Hazuki: If I remember correctly... physical enhancement, was it?
Satoru: I feel like a higher base strength increases the amount of strength I can input through my ability.
Satoru: That said, though, I don't do anything special. Just some basic workout stuff that anybody could do.
Hazuki: That's odd. Your movements have been coming off as rather sharp to me. As in, it would require special training to develop...
Satoru: Huh. That's weird.
Hazuki: The way I sometimes observe you shift your weight, for instance, feels quite impossible for any normal person.
Hazuki: That led me to speculate that you might have practiced martial arts of some sort.
Satoru: Me? No way. I don't believe in violence.
Hazuki: It's quite obvious to tell that you just made that up on the spot.
Satoru: Haha, sorry.
Satoru: But yeah, I've never done any martial arts. Must be a habit or something. I've never consciously thought about how I shift my weight.
Hazuki: Ah, okay.
Satoru: ......
*I learned the basics of fighting through street fights, then received special combat training to prepare me for my current job and the secret missions I go on for it.*
*I sure wonder how she'd react if I told her all of that.*
Satoru: If you're able to notice things like that, then I'm guessing you have experience with stuff like that?
Hazuki: A little, but not much.
Hazuki: Ah, I have an idea. What do you say to a light spar between me and you?
Satoru: Er, I don't know if you heard, but I've never done any martial arts.
Satoru: Besides, we have PE today. If we waste up all our stamina now, it'll really come back to bite us.
Hazuki: Urghh... Right. PE IS today...
Hazuki: This is it. The day has finally arrived where I have to wear that swimsuit in front of everyone... nghh...
Satoru: You're still nervous about that?
Hazuki: No, it's high time I get over this fear. I am GOING to do this. I WILL wear that bikini to PE class.
Hazuki: Just please spare a tear for me after I've made myself the laughing stock of the class.
Satoru: You're way too afraid.
Satoru: Look, you'll be fine. If you looked bad in it, we never would've told you to buy it in the first place.
Hazuki: I can only pray that you're right... Ah, I apologize. I wasn't meaning to question Mitsukasa-san nor Chisaki-kun's judgment. I'm still grateful to them for helping me. 
Satoru: Well, just relax and try to think about other things.
Satoru: You ready? We need to head back to the dorm for breakfast.
*The bell rings, signaling the end of Kakimoto-sensei's class.*
*As for what class is next...*
Kaori: Your next class is PE, I believe. All Astrals head to the pool.
Kaori: Make sure to be there on time. If nobody has any questions, then class is dismissed.
Satoru: Won't have much time to get changed.
Satoru: You ready, Kyouhei?
Kyouhei: Er, I'm not going. Did you forget? I'm not an Astral.
Satoru: Oh, right.
Kyouhei: You know where the pool is? It's over in the west corner of the school.
Satoru: Yeah, I remember.
Kyouhei: The changing room should be easy to find if you know where the pool is.
Satoru: Gotcha.
Kyouhei: Alright, catch you at lunch time then.
Satoru: Feels like forever since I was last at a pool.
*I can't remember the last time I had a swimming class at school.*
Nanami: Oh, Satoru-kun! Cool, I guess my class and yours have PE together today.
*Even for a place like Kikka Academy that's known as a haven for Astrals, they make up less than half of the student population.*
*So for classes like this that only Astrals take, they group us up with other classes, even ones from different grade levels.*
Satoru: Where's Mibu-san?
Nanami: She's not an Astral, so she won't be here.
Nanami: Phew, I was scared that I'd be all alone, but now that I know you're here, I feel SO much better.
Satoru: You don't have ANY other friends in your class besides her?
Nanami: Urgh. Get off my case. I didn't ask for your snarky comments.
Nanami: I talk to plenty of people in my class, okay? It's just I'm not really on friend level with any of them.
Satoru: Well, if you say so.
Satoru: So is that the bikini you bought on Saturday?
Nanami: Yep, it is. I feel really awkward right now, though. It's been ages since I last wore a swimsuit.
Nanami: Do I look alright?
Satoru: Hm? Oh, you look gorgeous. Beautiful. Cutest girl I've ever laid my eyes upon, hands down.
Nanami: If you're just gonna give me those sarcastic, deadpan compliments, I'd honestly just rather you not say anything at all.
================================================================================
Hazuki: Concerning yesterday, please let me take this opportunity to apologize again. I am so, so very sorry for the trouble I caused.
*The following day during my morning jogging with Nijouin-san.*
*After we finish, she lowers her head and apologizes.*
Satoru: Look, don't beat yourself up over it. Nobody's mad at you.
Satoru: I mean, you didn't hurt anyone, so what's the problem?
Hazuki: That may be true, but I still did something very wrong, and I should strive to do better.
Hazuki: I need to be able to better control my ability, so that is something I promise to work on in the future.
Satoru: Oh, are you having problems with control?
Hazuki: Yes.
Satoru: What's your link value, out of curiosity?
Satoru: Given how wide of an area your ability can affect, I imagine it's fairly high. 
Hazuki: It's 186.
Satoru: Dang... that is pretty high.
Satoru: More than three times mine. I'm only a 56.
Hazuki: Having a high number is utterly meaningless if you lack the ability to control it.
Hazuki: Ah, come to think of it, isn't your ability physical enhancement?
Satoru: Yep.
Hazuki: Hmm, but that's a rather low--Ah, nevermind. Just rambling to myself.
Satoru: It's all good. I know my link value's pretty low for someone with a physical enhancement ability. Mayu-senpai already told me.
Hazuki: Ah, okay. My apologies for the rudeness. But if your value is that low, would that not mean you have near-perfect control over it?
Hazuki: You should take pride in that. I, personally, am quite envious.
Satoru: Well, it didn't come easy. It took a lot of time, and a lot of embarrassing blunders that were much worse than what you did.
Satoru: Just be patient. I'm sure you'll master your ability in no time if you keep practicing.
Hazuki: I sure do hope so.
Hazuki: I am a tad curious, though. What gave you such abundant opportunities to use your ability?
Hazuki: Using one's astral abilities without good reason is far from praiseworthy. You weren't using your abilities for mischief, were you? If so, then I cannot say I approve.
Satoru: Oh, um, no. I'd never do that.
*Crap. I said too much.*
*SFD talk is the biggest thing I need to avoid, but I still shouldn't tell her I used to get into scuffles a lot as a kid.*
Satoru: With my physical enhancement, I can carry super heavy things pretty easily, so I ended up doing various things for people.
Satoru: I'd appreciate it if you could keep that to yourself, though.
Hazuki: ......
Hazuki: *giggle* Don't worry; I was merely teasing you. You were a kid at the time, so I wasn't meaning to harshly criticize you either way.
Satoru: ......
*That sweet smile is like a needle piercing through my chest.*
*I feel so guilty for lying to her. Sorry, Nijouin-san.*
Satoru: Thanks.
Hazuki: You mentioned "doing" things for people, though. If I may ask, were you using your abilities to assist others as something like a helper?
Satoru: I guess technically, yeah. It was kinda like a part-time job.
Satoru: Not that working for people is that great. They worked me like a dog.
Hazuki: I don't see it that way, personally. Using my ability for the benefit of others is a bit of a dream of mine.
Satoru: Oh, really?
Hazuki: Yes, it is... urk...
Hazuki: G-Goodness, talking about dreams can be rather embarrassing, huh? My head feels so hot.
Satoru: Nothing wrong with that. Having goals is a good thing.
Satoru: Since you have a water manipulation ability, you'd be doing some job relating to water, so I guess something like disaster relief?
Hazuki: Right. However, I would need to improve by quite a lot before I'd feel comfortable with people's lives in my hands.
Hazuki: And even so, if I were to be dealing with floods, for instance--I may have a high link value, but I do not think I'd be able to properly control the water.
Hazuki: Manipulating still water and manipulating flowing water are two very different things.
Satoru: Oh, yeah. I guess forces of nature are a bit much for one person to control.
Hazuki: Personally, I would prefer work on a much more local scale.
Hazuki: Something where I could bring smiles to little children would be lovely.
Satoru: ......
Hazuki: Wh-What? Was there something weird about what I just said?
Satoru: Oh, no. I just figured you must already have a job in mind. Your reply seemed pretty specific.
Hazuki: E-Err... I--
Satoru: No?
Hazuki: Well, I do, but...
Satoru: If you don't wanna say it, that's fine.
Hazuki: Ah no. I don't mind telling you.
Hazuki: I'm simply worried that you might laugh at me, as it's a dream I've held onto since childhood.
Satoru: I won't laugh, I promise.
Hazuki: Thank you. Though, it is a rather plain and boring story, so do bear that in mind.
Hazuki: So I was still very young when I awakened as an Astral, see, and that led to me experiencing many less than pleasant things.
Hazuki: One such experience happened on a certain day when I went out to town by myself. At this time, I hadn't even yet reached the age of ten.
Hazuki: I mistakenly did something that revealed my identity as an Astral, and soon found myself surrounded by three grown men.
Satoru: Wait. They didn't... attack you, did they?
Hazuki: Oh, no. They weren't quite villainous enough to harm a small child.
Hazuki: Still, I was surrounded by three men more than twice my size who I could tell did not like me. Needless to say, I was terrified out of my mind.
Guy A: I can't STAND Astrals like you, y'know that?
Guy C: The hell's one of your kind doin' out here?
Guy B: Heh, and she's alone? Shit, what kind of irresponsible parent lets a monster like that roam around town.
Hazuki: The fear and trepidation had me rooted in place, shaking, and I was very near the point of crying.
Hazuki: But when I looked up again, I saw a boy.
Boy: Stop bullying her, you jerks.
Guy A: What was that, punk?
Satoru: Wait, what?
Hazuki: Hm? Is something the matter?
Satoru: Ah, no, nevermind. Continue.
*Hold on a second.*
*This story seems REALLY familiar.*
Hazuki: Ah, okay. As I was saying, I was encircled by those men, helpless and about to cry, when that boy saved me.
Boy: What'd she ever do to you, huh? Leave her alone, you stupid old farts.
Guy B: Oh, another little shit, eh? You're really runnin' your mouth. I bet you're an Astral too, aren'tcha?
Guy C: 'Course he is, you idiot. Who ELSE would defend an Astral?
Boy: You're all grown ass dudes picking on some weak little girl. Aren't you ashamed of yourselves?
Guy A: Heh. Who the fuck do you think you are, punk?
Satoru: ......
*It's weird.*
*This story sounds exactly like a certain episode out of my past.*
Boy: You're all grown ass dudes picking on some weak little girl. Aren't you ashamed of yourselves?
Guy A: Heh. Who the fuck do you think you are, punk?
Guy B: Nobody likes you freaks and your powers.
Guy C: Yeah, so scram.
Boy: Kgh.
Guy A: You better get out of here if you know what's good for ya.
Boy: You first, dummy.
Guy A: 'Scuse you, kid? You better watch your mouth if you don't want me to teach you a lesson.
Boy: I think you're the one who needs to be taught a lesson.
Guy A: You little shit. I'm gonna shut you up for good!
Guy A: Agh?!
Guy B: What the hell are you doin'?!
Boy: Hey, he attacked me first.
Guy C: You filthy Astrals!
Guy A: You're really gonna pay now!
Boy: Come try me!
Hazuki: The boy valiantly put his own self at risk to fight the men and protect me.
Satoru: ......
*%117;HOLY SHIT THAT BOY WAS 100\% ME!*
Hazuki: He had to have been just as afraid of those men as I was.
Hazuki: Yet he stood up to them and fended them off, all for my sake.
Satoru: Oh, err, did he now?
Hazuki: All I was able to do was stand there and cry.
Hazuki: He had saved me, but I couldn't even offer him a single word of thanks.
Satoru: What happened to the boy after that?
Hazuki: That I do not know. The police come shortly after and took him away.
Hazuki: However, that boy managed to hold his own against three grown men.
Satoru: Yeah, but--
Hazuki: Exactly. He was, without a shadow of a doubt, using an astral ability. Otherwise he would have been no match for them.
Hazuki: Using one's powers to attack others is morally wrong, in my opinion. And I firmly believe the boy was aware of what he was doing.
Satoru: ......
*No, he wasn't, I promise! He was just a dumb little troublemaker!*
Hazuki: Even so, he gathered his courage and fought them to save me.
Hazuki: He couldn't stand by and watch an innocent person be harmed. Truly, his actions were so admirable.
Satoru: Hmm. Maybe he was just venting his anger?
Satoru: Dunno if that's true, but it's just a thought that came to mind.
Hazuki: What?! Please, that is absolutely absurd.
Hazuki: You are my friend, yes, but I won't let you belittle that boy and his courageous deed.
Satoru: Sorry.
Hazuki: Hm? Ah, my apologies. I did not mean to come across as so harsh.
Hazuki: Simply, that boy is my personal hero. He stood up in the face of evil, unafraid to use his ability, and delivered justice.
Hazuki: How would I describe it? He was, in a sense, like a brave and fearless general riding on a white horse.
*Well, I guess I was a bit of a ruffian back then.*
Satoru: Isn't the metaphor supposed to be a prince on a white horse?
Hazuki: Please, princes are weak and do nothing but wake up princesses with a kiss. Generals, however, they are true men of bravery! They fight for the people and TRULY accomplish things!
Satoru: Pretty sure that's just your bias talking.
Hazuki: No, it is truth. The Tiger General, Onikin, and all the other high-ranking officers work very hard to solve the people's problems. Ah, nevermind. That's of little importance right now.
Hazuki: That boy's bravery that day left a very strong impression on me. I doubt I'll ever forget about him for the rest of my life.
*Stop! PLEASE, stop!*
*My childhood days are cringey enough without her worshiping and idolizing the dumbass brat I was like some superhero!*
Satoru: ......
*Fucking hell! Why is this so embarrassing?!*
*I already put my past behind me, so why does it have to get exposed in this form?!*
Hazuki: Ahh, I still remember it like it was only yesterday.
Satoru: (Please, PLEASE open your eyes! Stop making that blissful face!)
*I'm not by any means trying to belittle Nijouin-san or say she's wrong.*
*Wanting to contribute something to society, wanting your ability to be something that benefits others--those are both very respectable goals.*
*Heck, I can even relate to her quite a bit in that regard.*
*But that look of pure admiration in her eyes... It's just too much. It's not just embarrassing; it physically PAINS me.*
Hazuki: I want to earn respect and admiration through my good deeds.
Hazuki: I wish to be able to move people's hearts in a way only Astrals can.
Hazuki: As he did to mine.
Satoru: Oh, uh, cool.
Hazuki: Saving lives in times of disaster can be crucially important, yes, but there are many others out there suffering from things much less noticeable.
Hazuki: Those are the people that I want to help. I want to be able to impact their lives and bring smiles to their faces.
Satoru: Ah, okay.
Hazuki: If I want to do that, however, I need to be able to better control my ability.
Satoru: Is that why you came to Kikka Academy?
Hazuki: Partially. It was also for the reason that my father helped support the foundation of Kikka Academy.
Hazuki: That being the case, he suggested that I enroll here.
Satoru: Oh, wow. He was actually a donor?
*That's pretty big stuff.*
*Maybe Nijouin-san comes from a really prestigious family?*
Hazuki: This school offers so much in terms of education, yet I am still so far from being able to control my ability well enough.
Hazuki: What also complicates things further is the fact that my ability is rather situational.
Satoru: Yeah, not being able to use it without water IS a pretty big limitation.
Hazuki: Actually, that isn't entirely true. I am able to extract water from the moisture in the air and use that.
*Ah, that's right.*
*I recall her mentioning that the night I encountered her with the security guys. Plus she also attacked me with water bullets that I'm assuming she created using that method.*
Hazuki: Oh, I have an idea. Would you perhaps be willing to assist me?
Satoru: With what?
Hazuki: Well, my ability control, of course.
Satoru: Err...
Hazuki: Do you not want to?
Satoru: No, I mean, I'd be more than glad. But the thing is, no two people use their abilities in the same way.
Satoru: Since it's all pretty much intuition for the most part, I'm not sure my explanations would help you any.
*It would be the same for anyone else.*
*Like, just imagine trying to explain to someone how to move their arms and legs. You can't.*
*For us Astrals, using our ability is essentially the same.*
Hazuki: Naturally, I am aware of that.
Hazuki: After all, this school teaches no official method of ability control. We are each left to figure that out on our own.
Hazuki: I'm not asking that you do much. If you could simply watch how I use my ability and make comments on things, such as differences between how you use yours versus mine, that would be much appreciated.
Hazuki: Of course, if you have no thoughts, then that is fine. Don't hesitate to tell me should that be the case.
Satoru: ......
Hazuki: Would that be acceptable for you?
*Man, I just can't bring myself to say no to her.*
*I don't know why. Maybe it's because I feel guilty about lying to her?*
*Or maybe it's because her desire to improve is so pure-hearted that I want to help her.*
Satoru: Okay. I'm not sure if I'll be able to do anything, but I'll at least try.
Hazuki: Thank you so very much, Arihara-kun!
*The smile on her face is so pure. She's overjoyed that I said yes.*
Satoru: Are you sure about this, though?
Hazuki: Whatever do you mean?
Satoru: I mean, I know we're on campus and all, but are you allowed to use your ability out here?
Hazuki: Ah!
*Nijouin-san isn't some stick-in-the-mud who fusses about rules and regulations 24/7.*
*Still, though, she's not one to knowingly disobey them.*
Hazuki: Uh... mhh....
*The face she's making is the kind a kid would make when you just told them they did something wrong.*
*She looks right, then left.*
*Then finally, still with that frown on her face, she looks back at me.*
Hazuki: Only for a second. If neither of us tells anyone else, we'll be fine. It'll be our secret. 
Hazuki: Would that be fine by you?
Satoru: Sure. I won't tell anyone.
Hazuki: Wonderful! Thank you kindly, Arihara-kun. Now, if you're ready, we should hurry up and begin before someone passes by.
Satoru: I'm ready when you are.
Hazuki: Distance yourself from me some, if you could. I am without my umbrella now, so I may have a harder time controlling it than usual.
Satoru: Alright.
Hazuki: Okay. Here I go.
*She closes her eyes and focuses.*
*Shortly afterwards, I feel a strange sensation overcome me.*
Satoru: ......
*I don't know if what I'm feeling is the astrons in the air she's linking with, or the physical change in the air's moisture levels.*
*Either way, this is a really large area of effect.*
*I guess that's only possible because her link value is so high.*
*Water soon begins forming around her hands.*
*It's jostling around in the air almost like it's in an invisible container.*
*Slowly, the volume of water increases.*
*This must be her ability.*
*She's extracting moisture from the air just like she mentioned.*
Satoru: Hm?
*The air's gotten a little damp.*
*Feels like I'm in the bathroom after taking a shower or a sauna or something.*
*I can even feel the moisture on my skin now.*
Satoru: (Did she increase the humidity levels in the area around her?)
*She's drawing moisture out of the surrounding air.*
*But in order to get as much water as possible, she pulls moisture from further away closer to her.*
*Which causes the humidity increase. I guess it's only natural.*
Satoru: Man, this is amazing.
*She continues to increase the size of her water clump without much issue.*
*No instability so far as I can see.*
Satoru: I didn't see any control-related issues. Where's the problem at?
Hazuki: I can amass the water fine, but when I try to manipulate it from there, I have quite a lot of trouble.
Satoru: How so?
Hazuki: I cannot finely control its movement as I did at the pool the other day. When I try, the water simply scatters.
Hazuki: If I use a small amount of water, however, I can sometimes, albeit rarely, succeed in get it to do as I want.
*Well, that's normal. Control gets a lot harder the larger the area you're working with.*
Satoru: Hmm. Okay, try this.
Satoru: Take the water and lightly hit that tree over there.
Hazuki: Okay. I'll try that.
Hazuki: Ngghh. Haaah!
*The water clump floating in the air suddenly shoots straight at the tree.*
*Not all of it, though; only about 70\%. The remaining 30\% scatters every which way, kind of like it exploded.*
Hazuki: Ahh, the water--?!
*And the one who bears the brunt of the blast is, of course, Nijouin-san.*
Hazuki: *sigh* Just like I expected.
Satoru: Is this what always happens?
Hazuki: Yes, for the most part.
Hazuki: Ugh... I'm so cold.
Hazuki: This is why people have teasingly called me nicknames such as sprinkler or human humidifier.
Hazuki: But one day I will restore my pride, I swear on it!
Satoru: You're EXTRACTING water from the air though, so I feel like it should be dehumidifier, if anything.
Hazuki: I do NOT care about that!
Satoru: Yeah, sorry. That was completely irrelevant.
Satoru: That's the last tactless comment I'll make.
Hazuki: You really are so rude at times.
Hazuki: But do you have any thoughts or ideas for improvement after seeing it now?
Satoru: Hmm, let me--Ah, um, wait! Give me a sec!
*I turn the other direction reflexively.*
*But it's too late. I've already seen everything.*
Hazuki: Hmm? What is the matter? Why are you looking away from me?
Satoru: Umm, your shirt.
Hazuki: What about my shirt?
Satoru: You got all wet, so err, it's see-through.
Hazuki: Hm? Wuh?!
Hazuki: Ahhhhh!
*Nijouin-san quickly covers her chest area.*
*I could have used my ability to permanently store the image into my visual memory, but I didn't need to.*
*Because the sight of her pastel-colored bra and her wet shirt sticking to her skin; it's all seared into my mind.*
Hazuki: Huh? Wait. D-Did you see my... my b-bra?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: T-Totally did not.
Hazuki: You truly didn't? Your words didn't sound very convincing.
Satoru: I am telling the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.
Hazuki: A-Ah, okay. What a relief. My crimson red bra is safe.
Satoru: Red? Isn't it pastel blu--Ah!
Hazuki: Hey, you DID see it!
Satoru: Err.
*I was hoping I could just keep quiet and we'd move on and forget about this... but yeah, so much for that.*
*That's what I get for trying to be tactful and considerate. It always backfires.*
Satoru: Sorry.
Satoru: I know it's no excuse, but I wasn't trying to perv on you or anything. It was all an accident.
Satoru: But it's a very pretty bra and I, um, honestly think it looks good on you, Nijouin-san!
Hazuki: I don't want your opinions on my bra!
Satoru: Yeah, that's a really good point!
Hazuki: Don't think you can fool me! I read that when a guy compliments a woman's underwear, it because he, um, he wishes to keep things fresh and exciting in the bedroom.
Hazuki: Explain yourself! What kind of lecherous things were you planning to do to me?!
Satoru: Nothing, I swear! It was an innocent compliment!
Satoru: You seriously need to stop believing everything you read in magazines.
Hazuki: O-Oh, okay.
Satoru: I'm sorry for all the confusion.
Hazuki: Ah, no, my carelessness was what caused this. I should've known this would happen if I got wet.
Hazuki: So for that, I sincerely apologize. But, still... kgh. You saw everything.
Satoru: You should go get changed.
Hazuki: Y-Yes, I should. We can hardly talk with my clothing as it is.
Hazuki: I will go change now, so if we could, um, continue this conversation at another time...
Satoru: Sure.
Satoru: I wish I had a jacket or something to give you, but all I got is this shirt... I guess you can still have it if you want, though.
Hazuki: N-No, that won't be necessary. If you were to become shirtless that would be quite bad.
Satoru: Eh, I'm a dude. Not wearing a shirt is no big deal.
Hazuki: Walking around shirtless inside the dormitory would be highly shameless, so please, keep your shirt on.
Hazuki: Anyhow, I will be leaving now. Please forget what you saw and make no mention of it ever again! Simply recalling it is already causing me to die of embarrassment.
Satoru: Don't worry, Nijouin-san; I saw nothing. Not the color, not the size, nothing.
Hazuki: You stared long enough to determine SIZE?!
Hazuki: Ah, why did it have to be THIS bra in particular?!
Satoru: Do you have underwear that's more, um... racy?
Hazuki: What?! N-No, absolutely not! I would never have such underwear in my possession!
Hazuki: How dare you accuse me of being such a pervert!
*Nijouin-san runs off blushing.*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: I'm REALLY becoming convinced that she's a closet pervert.
*But yeah, I'd better just forget this ever happened. Mentioning it around her again would be bad.*
Satoru: And if I act embarrassed around her, that'll only serve to remind her.
*I gotta act normal.*
Hazuki: Please allow me to apologize once again for yesterday's accident!
Student A: No, it was mainly our fault.
Student B: Yeah, we should've stopped when you asked us to the first time.
Hazuki: That is still no excuse for my actions. I went too far, and that was wrong of me. So I'm sorry.
Student A: We're sorry too.
Student B: We'll listen to you next time, promise.
Student B: You got hit too, didn't you, Arihara-kun? Sorry 'bout that.
Student A: Sorry, man.
Satoru: Nah, you're fine. I just got splashed a bit.
*The biggest victim of this ordeal was probably Mitsukasa-san... given what happened with her pads.*
*That's a secret, though.*
Student A: You know, I don't think we've actually, like, sat down and talked before.
Taishi: I'm Sagami Taishi. And this guy here is--
Tesshin: Takashina Tesshin. Sorry for the late introduction.
Satoru: All good.
Satoru: You already know who I am, but I'm Arihara Satoru. Pleasure to meet you guys.
*Nijouin-san and Kyouhei are taking such good care of me that I've hardly ever talked with my other classmates.*
*This is a good chance for me to get to know them, so I chat up the two guys for a bit longer.*
*Nijouin-san, on the other hand, is off to the side, watching us with a pleasant smile on her face.*
Satoru: Why're you smiling?
Hazuki: I'm just glad to see you making new friends.
*Sounds like something my mom would say.*
Satoru: Oh, right. Er, I wanted to continue our talk from this morning, if you don't mind...
Hazuki: By this morning, you mean... Ahh?!
Hazuki: D-Do not misunderstand! I may own a pair, but not to "show" anyone in particular, nor do I ever plan to end up in a situation where I would make use of them!
Hazuki: I just, um, heard that it is wise to own at least one pair of sexy underwear, you know... just in case... so I bought a pair out of curiosity.
Hazuki: I don't own them for the reasons you think, I promise... They are sitting in my drawer, and... probably won't ever come out...
Satoru: ......
*I guess guys sometimes do buy condoms even if they don't anticipate needing them anytime soon. It's purely for curiosity's sake.*
*And, hey, girls are interested in sex too. More so than you'd imagine... but yeah, let's get away from this subject.*
Hazuki: A-Also, just in you thought otherwise, I never meant to imply that it would be alright for you to see my underwear if I'd been wearing that pair instead!
Satoru: Yeah, I know. Just take a deep breath and calm down.
Satoru: By "this morning," I meant the stuff about your astral ability.
Satoru: That's what we were originally talking about anyways.
Hazuki: R-Right, that we were. *sigh* Goodness... I thought you were talking about something else entirely.
Satoru: I need a bit of clarification on one thing, if you don't mind.
Satoru: Is the link value you gave me for land or under water?
Hazuki: Mine is the same for both.
Satoru: Gotcha. I figured if it was, then maybe the change in perception when in water versus outside could be the underlying issue, but I guess we can scratch that off the list.
*I recall her being able to create extremely fine water threads that one time. And she was even able to run them through the air no issue.*
*For her to be able to do that yet supposedly not be able to control her ability... something doesn't add up.*
*I also feel like the way the water scattered this morning was a bit unnatural. It went out in equal amounts, everywhere in a 360 degree radius.*
Satoru: ......
Hazuki: Was there anything else that you took note of?
Satoru: Sorry, it's just too hard to draw conclusions after seeing it a single time.
Hazuki: No, that's only natural. Don't worry yourself about it. I should've known you wouldn't have been able to. 
Satoru: Well, if you want, I can watch you use it again. A couple more times might be enough for me to figure out something.
Hazuki: Oh, so then...
Hazuki: You'll be willing to practice with me again?
Satoru: Of course. You're always helping me with stuff, so it's the least I can do.
Hazuki: Ahhh! Thank you so very much, Arihara-kun!
Satoru: Anytime.
Satoru: So, how do you want to do this? Every morning before school?
Satoru: If you'd rather do it later in the day, we can also do that.
Hazuki: The school will likely give us permission if we ask, so we don't necessarily have to do it in secret during the mornings.
Satoru: Oh, cool.
Satoru: After school is probably the better option then, and as for the location.... Hmm, you use water, so the pool?
Hazuki: Fine by me. So, umm, if you have no other plans today, would you mind if we went ahead and started today after school?
Satoru: Sure, that sounds great.
Hazuki: Really?! Thank you so much, Arihara-kun!
*I'm still not sure about this. Our abilities are just so starkly different.*
*Our link values are, sure, but it's much more than that.*
*I apply my ability to my own body.*
*Hers, however, is applied to her surroundings.*
*So I'd really like to get some other opinions, ideally from people who have abilities that are non-self-affecting like hers.*
Satoru: Now who do I know with abilities like that...
*Only Mitsukasa-san and Mayu-senpai, I guess.*
================================================================================
Ryuunosuke: "Great, great. Glad to hear you're having no trouble living an ordinary life."
Ryuunosuke: "It's funny. Your eyes actually don't seem dead anymore."
Satoru: Well, I'm living a pretty healthy lifestyle over here.
Ryuunosuke: "If you weren't before, then that blame falls upon me as your father. Allow me to apologize."
Satoru: It's fine. I was the one who chose to.
Satoru: But yeah, that concludes my report. There are no major problems at the present; I'm living just like an average school student.
Ryuunosuke: "Good. By the way, if you don't mind me asking, is it fun?"
Satoru: I guess I do enjoy myself a fair bit.
Ryuunosuke: "Wonderful. Nothing makes me happier to hear. And I really mean it."
Satoru: Well, I can't relax TOO much. That would be bad.
Satoru: You've got a mission for us, right?
Ryuunosuke: "Yeah."
*Hearing that, I immediately get serious.*
Satoru: You want us to check something in the AIMS database?
Ryuunosuke: "Yes. I want you to look into a pair of individuals for me."
Ryuunosuke: "Their names are Kamakura Hisato and Asukai Kanna."
Satoru: When do you want the info by?
Ryuunosuke: "I won't give any strict deadline, but try not to dawdle too long."
Ryuunosuke: "They just finished installing their new security stuff over there, right? We did a little investigating on our end and learned that they've installed additional security cameras and sensors."
Satoru: Right. I believe they've eliminated most of the camera blind spots now, so we'll have to be a lot more careful sneaking around.
Ryuunosuke: "First, get a good grasp on where everything is and figure out the best possible movement routing. After that you can do what I asked you to do."
Ryuunosuke: "Remember, the number one priority in a mission is always, under any circumstance, to make sure your cover isn't blown."
Ryuunosuke: "Now have you memorized the two names I gave you?"
Satoru: Yep. Kamakura Hisato and Asukai Kanna.
Ryuunosuke: "I want their addresses, places of work, and any clues regarding their current whereabouts." 
Satoru: Copy that.
Ryuunosuke: "You still got that key card I gave you?"
Satoru: Of course.
*He's referring to the one infused with Mayu-senpai's astrons.*
*As you may recall, we used a memory fiber gel sheet to fool the sensor when we first broke into her lab.*
*After that, we sent the sheet to the SFD before the astrons could dissipate. They then analyzed it and produced a key card.*
*Thanks to that, we no longer have to stick memory fiber directly on Mayu-senpai. Words can't express how glad I am.*
*We only went through that process once, and that was already hell enough. Having to do that EVERY SINGLE TIME we want to check the database? God, I have a headache just thinking about it.*
Satoru: We'll get the info to you soon.
Ryuunosuke: "Thanks."
*I end the call and swap the special SIM card for my normal one.*
Satoru: Alright, time for breakfast.
Kyouhei: Uggghhh...
*The bell chimes, and Kyouhei's stomach cries.*
*Then, as he always does when lunch time comes, he staggers over to my desk.*
Kyouhei: Satoruuuu! C'mon, let's go get food ASAP!
Satoru: Sure.
Kyouhei: Which dorm should we eat at today?
================================================================================
Ryuunosuke: "So they've both been classified as missing? Well, that's certainly something."
Satoru: We tried to see if we could figure out anything else, but that was it.
Ryuunosuke: "Alright. Thanks for getting this to me anyway."
Satoru: Is this bad news?
Ryuunosuke: "No idea. We still don't have a full picture of what's going on either."
Satoru: What's going on?
Ryuunosuke: "Err..."
Satoru: Is it top secret information?
Ryuunosuke: "Not really... Okay, yeah. It pertains to you, so I should tell you."
Ryuunosuke: "But, before I go on, keep in mind that this is all unconfirmed. Don't jump the gun and do anything rash, hear me?"
Satoru: Of course. If I learn anything, I'll report it to you first and foremost.
Ryuunosuke: "Like I just said, we're still investigating this, but there's a chance that the two individuals I had you look into are connected to the attack on Mitsukasa Ayase." 
Satoru: Did you find out something new?
Ryuunosuke: "No, the men in custody kept claiming they were just fans and the police wrapped up the case. We can assume they weren't able to find anything through their investigation."
Ryuunosuke: "Of course, we did our own digging, but just like theirs, nothing came up."
Ryuunosuke: "We still don't know who they are, who they work for, or what they're after."
Satoru: Are there no organizations that've shown recent surges in activity or anything?
Ryuunosuke: "Nope. No domestic ones, no international ones, none."
Ryuunosuke: "But that's when I had an idea. What if similar incidents HAVE already happened and we just haven't discovered them?"
Satoru: So was that the reason you had us check on those two?
Ryuunosuke: "Right. We were tracking them ourselves, but the trail ran cold, so I had you check the AIMS database."
Satoru: Did you expect them to be missing?
Ryuunosuke: "Kind of, but in a worst case scenario sense."
Ryuunosuke: "There are a number of Astrals residing in Washizu whose whereabouts are currently unknown."
Satoru: So it's more than just those two?
Ryuunosuke: "Yep. And not just a couple more."
Ryuunosuke: "They just up and disappeared one day, all of 'em. Friends and relatives knew nothing. Almost makes you think of the old story of the Pied Piper."
Satoru: And you think there's a connection between these mass disappearances and the attack on Mitsukasa-san?
Ryuunosuke: "Only a theory at this point. We don't want to jump to early conclusions, no matter the situation."
Ryuunosuke: "But I am of the opinion that writing it off as mere coincidence would be a grave mistake."
Satoru: If these Astrals really were kidnapped without a trace, then there's a real possibility some big-name organization is behind them.
Ryuunosuke: "Yeah, a very distinct possibility, at that. The lack of any evidence whatsoever is quite alarming."
Satoru: But what would they want with Mitsukasa-san? Sure, she's an Astral, but she's just a normal girl.
Ryuunosuke: "She's valuable. VERY valuable. Well, not her, per se, but her ability."
Satoru: Attraction and repulsion? I don't see what's so special about it, honestly.
Ryuunosuke: "An ability like that can do a heck of a lot more than just push and pull stuff."
Ryuunosuke: "A bit of an extreme example, but supposing one could manage to create opposing forces of high enough magnitude, they could potentially create a black hole and even disrupt the flow of time."
Satoru: A black hole? That's ridiculous! Just imagine the amount of power you'd need to do that!
Ryuunosuke: "Yeah, I'm not stupid. Astral abilities operate based on energy produced via astron neural linking. So you could very well say it's a function of the brain."
Ryuunosuke: "Accordingly, there's a clear limit to what abilities are capable of."
Ryuunosuke: "But not everyone out there is convinced. There are people who want to test these limits for themselves."
Ryuunosuke: "What they're hoping is that in doing this they'll stumble upon the next big breakthrough in astron science."
Satoru: So that's why they want her?
Ryuunosuke: "Right. And it's easier for them to just kidnap her than to scour around for a person with a similar ability."
Ryuunosuke: "Well, try not to take it too seriously; this is just a working theory of mine. It could also be something else entirely that we're just not aware of."
Ryuunosuke: "It's just one possibility out of many."
Ryuunosuke: "And the opposite could also be true. Maybe it's just an organization so small that they slipped under our radar."
Satoru: True.
Ryuunosuke: "We'll keep investigating on our end and see if we can find anything, but it'll take time. It'd be a lot easier if we had any leads at all to work off of, but alas."
Ryuunosuke: "Be patient and don't act until I contact you again. All clear?"
Satoru: Yes.
Satoru: ......
Nanami: Oh, hi, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Hey, Nanami. Good morning.
Nanami: Good morning. Did you make the report to Dad yet?
Satoru: Yeah. He told me a few things.
Satoru: But now's not a good time. See, look. Your friend's here.
Chisaki: Oh, hey there, Senpai! Good morning!
Chisaki: Good morning to you too, Nanami-chan!
Nanami: Hey, Chisaki-chan. Good morning.
Chisaki: So what're you guys sitting here doing? Did you eat breakfast already?
Nanami: Not yet.
Chisaki: Great! Let's eat together then.
Satoru: I'll tell you about it later.
Chisaki: Oh, um, were you two in the middle of something?
Satoru: Nah, we were just talking about some family stuff.
Nanami: Don't worry, it wasn't anything super important.
Nanami: Let's go eat breakfast.
Nanami: Numerous Astrals have gone missing? That's pretty serious...
Satoru: Yeah, and Dad doesn't seem to have any idea of what's going on.
Satoru: There's no proof that all these incidents are connected, but either way, it doesn't paint a pretty picture.
Nanami: Do you think we should try and help?
Satoru: No. He hasn't given us new orders and he said not to do anything until then.
Nanami: But if his theory's true and these kidnappings are all related to one another, doesn't that mean they're gonna come after Ayase-senpai again?
Satoru: Probably. We can't really afford to just turn a blind eye.
Satoru: But, honestly, I'm a bit confused. Playing the waiting game usually isn't the SFD's style.
Nanami: Yeah. We're usually the ones launching surprise raids and stuff.
*They don't even train us how to bodyguard.*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Oh well. Not like wracking our brains about it's gonna do anything.
Satoru: Our mission is still the same. We protect Mitsukasa-san and secure access to the AIMS database.
Nanami: Mhm.
Nanami: Oh, but what about the Astral Expo Fair?
Satoru: The expo what?
Nanami: You haven't heard about it?
Satoru: Evidently not.
Nanami: Well, that's fine. I didn't know about till Chisaki-chan told me recently. But yeah, the Astral Expo Fair is basically a school festival.
Satoru: A school festival? Wait. That might not be good for us...
Kaori: The Astral Expo Fair will once again take place this year, as I'm sure you're all very used to by now.
Kaori: There are no noteworthy changes this year, so expect it to be like your typical school cultural festival.
Kaori: Like last year, participation and contribution towards the exhibitions and events are voluntary and require the school's approval, so please turn in your applications as soon as possible if you plan on doing anything.
Kaori: You'll want to get a head start on preparations now.
Kaori: That's all from me. Does anyone have any questions regarding the fair?
Satoru: Yes, I do.
Kaori: What's your question, Arihara-kun?
Satoru: Are we allowed to invite non-school-affiliated people to come and enjoy the fair?
Kaori: Absolutely. Not to worry, the fair will be open to the community.
Kaori: Since you've never experienced one, I'll go ahead and explain a bit further in detail for you.
Kaori: As the name itself suggests, the Astral Expo Fair is an event created for the purpose of presenting astron research to the public.
Kaori: You can display any research you've done, but in addition, if you apply and receive approval, you may also make and sell things, or do things for entertainment through the use of your Astral ability.
Satoru: Do you have any examples?
Kaori: Oh, it's mostly simple stuff. Last year, for example, I believe we had things like...
Kyouhei: There was a pyro Astral who grilled sausages and served them on sticks.
Tesshin: Wasn't there also that girl who made puppets dance?
Taishi: Yeah, and someone else had a shaved ice stand.
Tesshin: Oh, I remember that! Shaved ice in the middle of summer! Wasn't she, like, turning the water she froze into super pure spring water with her ability?
Taishi: It was pretty delicious.
Kaori: Thank you everyone. Anyhow, active usage of abilities is encouraged as long as it poses no safety risks.
Satoru: Wow, encouraged even?
Kaori: Yes. Part of the reason this fair was created was to give the public a chance to meet real Astrals and gain a better appreciation for the potential and usefulness of astral abilities.
Kaori: For that reason, the students don't participate as a class.
Kaori: Smaller scale performances and exhibitions give Astrals a better chance to showcase their talents and individuality, which is what the school is after.
Kaori: In addition, many industry members attend in search of new ideas for astral technology.
Kaori: If a student has their eyes on a certain job, this fair is the perfect opportunity for them to display their skills. So you ought to take some time to think about whether or not you want to participate, Arihara-kun.
Satoru: Okay.
Kaori: Oh, also, it doesn't have to be something that makes use of your ability. If you'd rather do something normal, you're more than welcome to.
Taishi: Yeah, I think most of the food stalls and stage performances usually don't involve abilities.
Tesshin: A band performance sounds cool. Maybe I'll do that this year.
Kaori: You may also choose not to do something and enjoy the fair as a guest, but the school does encourage everyone to at least consider doing something.
Kaori: The wide variety of things to do is part of what makes the Astral Expo Fair special.
Kaori: If you think of anything you might like to do, don't hesitate to turn in an application. Just keep in mind safety risks.
Satoru: Alright, I will.
*I think I pretty much understand what this fair is about now.*
*I love the idea behind it, but it poses a bit of a problem for us... mainly because the campus will be open to the public.*
Satoru: (There'll be tons of people entering and leaving. That's not good.)
*It hasn't been long since their initial failed attempt.*
*I'm not sure they'd want to plan another attack this soon after, but in the event that they do, this fair will provide the PERFECT opportunity for them.*
Kaori: Also, Mitsukasa-san.
Ayase: Yes.
Kaori: Could I borrow a bit of your time after class? There's something regarding the fair that I need to discuss with you.
Ayase: Of course.
Satoru: ......
*Hmm. I wonder what she wants to talk about with Mitsukasa-san?*
*Actually, I keep forgetting that she's the student council president. She probably has management and scheduling stuff to discuss with her.*
*I know this sounds kind of selfish, but I almost wish they could just cancel the thing altogether...*
*Well, either way, I should talk about it with her.*
*Lunch break is here. I'm in front of the president's room, and knock on the door.*
Ayase: The door's unlocked. Come on in.
Satoru: Okay.
Satoru: Hi, Mitsukasa-san. I kind of wanted to talk with you about something.
Kaori: Oh, Arihara-kun. Hello.
Satoru: Sorry, am I disturbing you?
Kaori: No, it's quite all right. If you don't mind waiting, we're almost done.
Satoru: Okay.
Kaori: Thank you.
Kaori: So, back to what we were talking about. We'd like for you to do something at the fair if possible.
Kaori: We're aware of the risk, naturally, but we will be taking tight security measures. And while it may be an annoyance for the attendees, we've arranged for bag checks.
Kaori: The perpetrators were arrested and there haven't been any other incidents since. I know you might still be worried, but will you at least consider it?
Ayase: Of course. I'll give it some thought.
Ayase: I'll turn in my application once I make my decision.
Kaori: Thank you.
Kaori: If you ever need help thinking of ideas, feel free to come to me.
Ayase: I will. Thank you.
Kaori: Sorry for the wait. We're all done talking now.
Kaori: Alright. I'll see you both later.
Ayase: Goodbye.
Satoru: ......
*After waiting for the door to shut, I turn around to Mitsukasa-san.*
Satoru: Do you want me to lock it?
Ayase: If you could.
*The moment I switch the lock, she heaves a long, weary sigh.*
Ayase: *siiiiiiiiigh*... I'm gonna have to, aren't I?
Satoru: Are you talking about the fair?
Ayase: Yeah, I was really, REALLY hoping I'd be able to skip out on it this year, but nope. I'm trapped.
Satoru: Isn't participation supposed to be voluntary?
Ayase: For everyone else, yeah. But I'm special and all that.
Satoru: You mean your position as the student council president?
Ayase: Oh, nah. That's just a title they gave me so I could, like, keep up appearances.
Satoru: How so?
Ayase: Well, think about it. Having some prestigious title like "student council president" sounds better in interviews and stuff, yeah?
Satoru: Ahh, I see.
*That makes perfect sense.*
Ayase: All the school events are managed pretty much entirely by the executive committee, the expo fair included.
Ayase: I'm just the school's POSTER GIRL, basically.
Satoru: Huh. Didn't know that.
*I was kind of wondering what all these cardboard boxes were doing here.*
*But if there's an executive committee unaffiliated with the student council that does all the work, then it makes sense.*
Ayase: And since I'm the poster girl, I have to do something and help advertise.
Ayase: I kinda figured she'd come and ask me to do something again this year... but still, ugh. I really don't wanna.
Satoru: What'd you do last year?
Ayase: I put on a concert and sang.
Ayase: Well, it was honestly way too minor to even call a concert. The set list was real short.
Satoru: Did you sing that song you sing in the school ad video?
Ayase: Yeah, that and three other popular songs. I knew I wouldn't be up there for more than thirty minutes, so I went along and did it, but ugh...
Ayase: It was still so much dang work, with the rehearsals and all that other crap, plus it was ridiculously embarrassing too. God, I hated it all. 
Satoru: Singing in front of a big crowd was that bad?
Ayase: Not the size, but the energy. Everyone was all hyped up, shouting and screaming... I guess that's better than a silent crowd, but still, it was so embarrassing.
Ayase: When the crowd is excited, you're kinda forced to play along, so I had to act like one of those stupid happy-go-lucky pop idols.
Ayase: "Hey, everybody! How's it going? I hope you're all having fun!"
Ayase: The second I said that, in my mind, I was like "God, I feel like such an idiot right now." Now I'm getting flashbacks of it all and I just... Nggggghhhhhh!
*I can tell she's reliving that experience. Her face is bright red and she's writhing around in agitation.*
Ayase: I know I'm gonna have to do something again, but I really don't wanna do anything embarrassing.
Ayase: Are you gonna do anything? You seemed pretty interested in class when you were asking Kakimoto-sensei all those questions.
Satoru: Well, not out of any interest in performing. I actually came here to talk about that.
Satoru: If those people after you are planning on trying again, the fair's gonna be a prime opportunity for them.
Ayase: I've, uh, been kinda meaning to ask you. Have you found out anything on that front?
Satoru: We're still trying to piece things together, so I can't tell you anything as of this moment.
Ayase: Oh, okay.
Satoru: Sorry. I know we should be doing better.
Ayase: I wasn't trying to imply it's your fault.
Ayase: But yeah. So you think it'd be better to do something that wouldn't draw a lot of attention?
Satoru: Ideally, you'd stay in your room throughout the entirety of it. But I know that's not feasible.
Ayase: Yeah, sorry. I don't think I'm gonna be able to do that.
Ayase: Kakimoto-sensei personally asked me, plus I feel like I have to do my part when it comes time since I don't help the other council members with the regular work.
Satoru: So there's no way?
Ayase: Unfortunately not.
Satoru: ......
*I can tell she's dead serious.*
*And the firmness of her tone suggests that I'm not going to convince her otherwise.*
Satoru: You know, you have a surprisingly strong sense of responsibility.
Ayase: What's so SURPRISING about that, huh? Care to explain?
Satoru: Sorry, didn't mean to insinuate anything.
Ayase: It's whatever. I don't care.
Satoru: Just a hypothetical, but would you be in favor of forcing the school to call off the fair?
Ayase: No, probably not. It wouldn't be fair to all the people looking forward to it, and even then... I doubt we'd be able to cancel it even if we convinced the school.
Satoru: How come? It's their event, isn't it?
Ayase: The school has investors, many of them companies that rely on astral technology.
Satoru: Yeah, I remember hearing that... Ah, I see what you mean.
Satoru: Those companies rely on the fair to showcase their astral tech.
Ayase: Mhm.
Ayase: That's why the school pushes for me to participate. My popularity brings more people in.
Satoru: Right.
Ayase: Oh, and if you didn't already know, the dorms will also be open to everyone during the fair.
Satoru: What for?
Ayase: So people can go and eat at the canteens. And also so students can show their parents their dorms.
Satoru: Ah, okay.
*All in all, that may be a good thing for us.*
*Back when they initially attacked Mitsukasa-san, they waited until she was alone, and it didn't seem like they were after her life.*
*All of that would suggest that our best course of action is to keep her in crowds during the fair... But hmm, I'm still not sure.*
Ayase: Look, I'm glad you're trying to help me, but shutting myself in my room is out of the question.
*She's being pretty adamant about it, so I guess I'll give up on that idea. We wouldn't be able to keep her completely isolated anyway.*
Satoru: Alright.
Satoru: I'll help you with whatever you're gonna do for the fair. That'll allow me to stick with you during most of it.
Ayase: Oh, you are? Thank you sooo much! You're just the best!
Satoru: Yeah, I know you're smirking on the inside. Like, "Hah, I'll just make him do all the work! This'll be a piece of cake!"
Ayase: Nope, just your imagination.
Satoru: Well, any idea of what you wanna do?
Ayase: Nope, nada, zilch.
Ayase: You have any input as my helper or assistant or whatever? Like, anything you don't want me doing.
Satoru: Nothing concrete. I just want to avoid placing you in situations where you're alone.
Satoru: I'll try to be with you as much as I can, but I need to be able to know where you are at all times otherwise.
*I know I'll probably have other work to do if I'm helping her, so I'm honestly not sure how much of the time I'll be able to stay with her.*
Ayase: Hrm. Maybe we should get some more people involved and do a group thing?
Satoru: Yeah, that'd make my job a lot easier.
*If we have more of our friends there, she'll never have to be alone. Someone will be able to notice immediately if she disappears.*
Ayase: Well, if you're that concerned, I guess we'll just have to add more people. No choice on our end, nope.
Ayase: We'll all work hard and make something great! Oh, isn't friendship wonderful?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Man, it couldn't be more obvious what you're really thinking. "Heh. More people means less work for me!"
Ayase: Nope, just your imagination.
Ayase: So, how about it? Would you like to do something together as a group for the Astral Expo Fair?
Hazuki: Hrm. A group festival undertaking together with everyone, you say?
Kyouhei: I wasn't gonna do much of anything anyways, so I'll gladly join you guys.
Kyouhei: Can I ask why though? I thought you did a concert last year.
Ayase: I did enjoy holding the concert, but I thought I might do something with others this year. I'd love to have my friends there with me to share in the feeling of accomplishment.
Satoru: ......
*She smiles, eyes sparkling.*
*Is it just my bias that makes me think she's faking that 100\%?*
Hazuki: Oh, what a beautiful idea! You've truly inspired me.
Ayase: Huh? Oh, um, okay.
Hazuki: You are absolutely right. Nothing is more wonderful than joining together with friends to achieve a common goal.
Hazuki: I please ask that you let me take part in this as well.
Ayase: G-Great. I'm, uh, very glad you like the idea.
Hazuki: Last year, I chose not to participate, but I kept telling myself this year that I had to do something, I simply HAD to. It's the perfect opportunity too, now that I've learned to use my ability better!
Hazuki: Let's do this together!
Ayase: I-I'm sorry... Yes, let us!
Hazuki: Hmm? Why did you apologize at first?
Ayase: No particular reason, I just, um, felt like it... but I'm sorry.
Hazuki: Hmm?
*Nijouin-san genuinely thinks this is a superb idea.*
*I'm guessing her pure, joy-filled reaction is what's causing Mitsukasa-san to apologize. She feels guilty.*
Kyouhei: Since you came with her I'm guessing you're already on-board?
Satoru: Yeah, I am.
Satoru: What about the rest of you guys?
Mayu: Hmm. Are you SURE you want me? I mean, I'm delighted by the offer... but won't I seem out of place next to all you kids?
Mayu: Plus my ability isn't really suited for entertaining people.
Nanami: Same here. I can't do anything interesting with mine.
Chisaki: And I mean, I'm not even an Astral...
Ayase: Oh, there's nothing wrong with that. Not everyone needs to be an Astral or have an ability that can be used.
Kyouhei: Yeah, I'm not an Astral so you won't be the only one.
Hazuki: Right. None of that is important. Through hard work and cooperation, we can accomplish whatever we set out to do.
Chisaki: I kinda like the sound of that... Alright, count me in!
Chisaki: Come on. You too, Nanami-chan!
Nanami: Y-Yeah, I'd hate to say no when you went through the trouble of asking me. I'll do my best to help out.
Chisaki: Oh, I still think we should try and incorporate our abilities if we can. It's kind of a waste not to use what's available.
Chisaki: Let's go all out and make the coolest thing at the fair!
Kyouhei: Yeah, I like that. People are coming to the festival to see Astral abilities in action, so why not show 'em?
Kyouhei: Those with abilities will have their jobs and we'll have ours.
Satoru: What say you, Senpai?
Mayu: Hmm. Pooling our Astral abilities together to make something cool and inspiring...
Mayu: Most students usually just use their abilities individually, but what would happen if you were to combine multiple? That sounds like a pretty interesting research topic.
Mayu: That opens up tons of different possibilities! It'll be tough to choose, but that's the exciting part... Alright, you've got my attention.
Mayu: Just leave it all to little ole me! Or well, I suppose I should ask first: Please let me join.
Ayase: Of course, we'd be glad to have you! Thank you very much.
Mayu: I've been to plenty of these fairs over the years, but I don't think I've ever been this excited... *giggle*
Mayu: Really, thanks for asking me to join.
Ayase: Oh no, your help is greatly appreciated.
Satoru: It's great to have you on board, Senpai.
Mayu: Glad to be here. I hope we'll be able to make this a knockout success.
Kyouhei: Right, so now that we've got everyone on-board, we'll have to decide on something quick so we can spend the rest of the time on preparation.
Ayase: How about we all brainstorm ideas on our own time, and then in a few days, we can meet up together again and discuss them.
Hazuki: Hmm. This weekend it is then?
Mayu: Alright, so everyone's homework is to come up with whatever we can until then.
Everyone: Okay!
Kyouhei: What do you guys think would be good? We have a ton of people, so our options are pretty much endless.
Hazuki: Anything as long as it's something that I will remember for years to come.
Mayu: Maybe some kind of stage performance? Well, I guess it doesn't necessarily need to be on a stage. Actually, we'd have more space and more options if we ditched the stage...
*While everyone's busy shooting out ideas, I feel a tug on my sleeve.*
Nanami: Hey, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Yeah, Nanami?
Nanami: We need to talk.
Nanami: Are you sure about this? The group thing's fine, but like... Do we really want her participating and putting herself out there?
Satoru: I know what you're trying to say.
Satoru: But I already asked Mitsukasa-san, and she said there was no other way.
Satoru: She also told me the dorms would be open during the fair, and parents can enter their kid's dorm rooms and stuff.
Nanami: Well then. That's not exactly ideal for us.
Satoru: Yeah, so taking that into consideration, I came to the conclusion that it'd be safer to have her in crowds and with us for the fair. What do you think?
Nanami: Hmm. I guess I could see how it'd be effective if their objective's to kidnap her.
Nanami: But if anyone at the fair can basically find her and go up to her at any point, isn't that kinda bad?
Satoru: Yeah, which is why we need plan this out meticulously.
*We'll have to reject anything that could put Mitsukasa-san's safety in jeopardy.*
Satoru: I'll meet up with Mitsukasa-san and discuss everything beforehand.
Satoru: First things first, though. I need to contact Dad about this.
Nanami: Yeah... Oh, wait! I have an idea.
Nanami: The school's open to the public, right? So can't we just request some backup?
Satoru: Hmm, that's a good idea.
Satoru: It's gonna depend on if we have anyone available, though.
Nanami: Yeah, can't forgot about the organization's constant shortage of manpower...
Satoru: Well, I'll bring it up to him and see what he thinks.
Ryuunosuke: "So the school's holding some Astral Expo Fair, you say?"
Satoru: Sorry I didn't inform you sooner. I literally only learned of it today.
Ryuunosuke: "No, it's my responsibility to look into these things. So this one's on me; sorry."
Satoru: The difficult part is figuring out what to do with Mitsukasa-san. There's a very real possibility that the culprits will strike again at this festival to try and get their revenge for last time's failure.
Satoru: And I'm honestly worried that, if it comes to that, Nanami and I won't be able to handle them on our own.
Nanami: Would it be possible to request backup for the day of the fair?
Ryuunosuke: "It won't be easy, but I'll see that it happens."
Nanami: Really? Thank you.
Ryuunosuke: "I will do everything in my power, but be aware, I can't guarantee how many I'll be able to send."
Ryuunosuke: "I'm sure I don't need to say this, but sending our entire force is out of the question."
Nanami: That's fine. Any help at all is appreciated.
Satoru: What Nanami said.
Ryuunosuke: "Yeah, I see why you came to me for this. It'd be more than strange for a couple of normal students to tell the school to up their security."
Nanami: I know this is probably impossible... but can we possibly get them to cancel the fair?
Satoru: Probably not. I've heard that astral tech-companies and school investors are heavily involved in the fair.
Ryuunosuke: "Yeah, if that's the case, it'll take a hell of a lot of convincing to get them to call off the whole thing."
Ryuunosuke: "We could theoretically opt for a more heavy-handed approach, like sending a threat letter, but that'd be easily traceable. We'd need to get the police's cooperation, and that goes well beyond my authority."
Ryuunosuke: "I can talk to the higher-ups about it, but honest to goodness, I'm not sure they'll greenlight something like that."
Ryuunosuke: "I'll still try, of course, but for now, you should operate under the assumption that the fair will be taking place."
Satoru: Copy that.
Satoru: Our next meeting is on the weekend. We're going to discuss what to do then.
Ryuunosuke: "Alright, just make sure to relay any changes to me immediately, Levy Six."
Satoru: Yes.
Nanami: So I guess we're just gonna have to come up with something super safe to do, huh?
Satoru: Right. We want something that will put as much distance as possible between Mitsukasa-san and the fair-attendees.
Satoru: Also, it needs to be something where every one of us is doing something constantly. That'll allow us to keep an eye on her at all times.
Satoru: Can you think of anything that fits those criteria?
Nanami: Well... Hrmm. What about a play? Everyone would have to be involved.
Satoru: Maybe, but we'd be spending more time behind curtains than on-stage.
Nanami: True. Could we do something like a food stand or cafe then?
Satoru: Well, there's probably gonna be definite cons to whatever we end up deciding on.
Satoru: Let's try coming up with a few more ideas.
Nanami: Alright.
================================================================================
Mayu: Alright, so has everyone come up with some ideas by now?
Chisaki: Sorry... I tried brainstorming, but nothing good came to mind.
Kyouhei: Same here. I figured something neat and original would be cool, since everyone's using their abilities, but I couldn't think of anything specific.
Kyouhei: I did have one solid idea, but it wouldn't involve any abilities.
Mayu: Oh, what is it?
Kyouhei: A meet and greet!
Mayu,Hazuki: What?
Chisaki: A meet and greet with Ayase-senpai?
Kyouhei: Mhm! We could sell merch at the fair and say, like, everyone who buys a CD gets a handshake! Then bam! We'll be swimming in profit!
Kyouhei: It'd also garner a ton of attention since she's never done commercial activities like this before.
Satoru: Wow, uh, didn't expect you to have a mind for business.
Kyouhei: Thanks for the insult.
Kyouhei: Look, I'm no money grubber. I know this is just a school event, but we still don't wanna spend a ton of money and make nothing in return.
Kyouhei: We have a limited budget, man. But if we're planning to make big profits, that means we can spend more upfront and make something way cooler.
Kyouhei: If we do something small-scale it's gonna end up being plain and boring, and we're gonna have a hard time getting people to come.
Mayu: I see your point. You can still make up for scale with creativity, but more money never hurts to have.
Nanami: But we'd be putting a lot of stress on Ayase-senpai if we ended up going with a meet and greet event..,
Chisaki: What are you thinking, Ayase-senpai?
Ayase: Over my dead body.
Kyouhei: Eek! Your smile is giving me the creeps...
Kyouhei: Don't get so upset, please! I knew you'd shoot the idea down, I did! I wasn't serious; it was a joke! So please calm your anger!
Ayase: No, I'm not upset with you.
Ayase: It's just that I'm not sure I'd be comfortable creating merchandise and shaking hands with strangers. I don't want to do those sorts of things for somewhat personal reasons.
*Yeah, a meet and greet would make it way too easy for strangers to come into contact with her. Too risky.*
*And even then, it's a bit too money-focused for a simple school fair. I doubt the school would approve.*
Mayu: Mitsukasa-san's opinion comes first in any sort of thing like that, so the meet and greet is out.
Mayu: Moving on then. Hmmm, what about you, Nijouin-san? Any ideas?
Hazuki: Well, I was thinking maybe perhaps... a historic play.
Nanami: A historic play? Would we be doing that on a stage?
Hazuki: Yes, but we could also perform it on the campus sidewalks like a Guerrilla event of sorts. I was just thinking how cool it would be to engage in an actual mock sword fight.
Satoru: Hmm. If we try and create some special effects with our abilities, we could probably make something pretty eye-catching.
*Well, we'd certainly notice almost instantly if Mitsukasa-san disappeared.*
*And doing it out on the sidewalks would allow us to constantly be on the move, making it that much harder to track us.*
*It could potentially work depending on how we do it.*
Hazuki: However, there is the problem of budget. I did not think of that until Suou mentioned it... but we can hardly sell tickets for it.
Chisaki: Yeah, and we'd need a ton of stuff to put on a play, like props and costumes and stuff.
Kyouhei: We could still do sword fighting without turning into a full-blown historical play though, right?
Ayase: I'm not quite sure. Sword fighting seems like it could be rather challenging.
Mayu: Yeah, you're right.
Hazuki: I feared as much. Learning to wield a sword would take quite a lot of practice.
Mayu: That too, but I think the main issue is with the perception it gives off. If outsiders come and see Astrals fighting each other, they might think we all have violent tendencies.
Mayu: The fact that it's for a play is irrelevant. People who already have preconceived notions in their heads will just use it as an excuse.
Ayase: Yes, and we would also have to worry about the school potentially not approving it.
Hazuki: Ah, my apologies. Those are all very fair criticisms.
Hazuki: I rescind that idea.
Mayu: Hmm.
Ayase,Hazuki,Kyouhei: Hrm.
Chisaki: Did you think of anything, Arihara-senpai?
Satoru: How about a cafe that serves light meals?
*We could have Mitsukasa-san be a cook and keep the kitchen separated from the guests.*
*That'd be a much easier option as opposed to a food stall.*
*I just have to hope everyone will be on-board with doing something this simple...*
Satoru: ......
Kyouhei: How come you're grimacing? It's your idea.
Satoru: Nah, it's nothing.
Satoru: ......
Ryuunosuke: "Sorry, they rejected it. The fair will have to go on."
Satoru: ......
Satoru: I'm guessing it's because the evidence would just be too traceable, like you said?
Ryuunosuke: "To an extent, but as it turns out, the higher-ups want the fair to take place."
Satoru: Why? They shouldn't have any reason to care.
Ryuunosuke: "Well, you'd be mistaken. Many of the people who were involved in the formation of the SFD are supporters of astron research."
Ryuunosuke: "And you know what that means. They have deep connections to those companies."
Satoru: You're really telling me they can't cancel the festival for the simple reason of "it'll piss off their friends"?
Ryuunosuke: "There's a lot more to it than that."
*What, is he meaning to tell me that they directly benefit in some way from the fair taking place?*
*It's obvious to see why students and companies would be invested in the fair.*
*But government officials that head a secret organization? Nothing comes to mind. Why would they care about something as puny as a school fair?*
*Also, there's one other thing that's been bothering me.*
*Dad's almost speaking like he's grumbling. His tone is evasive and dismissive. Does that mean he's against the higher-ups' decision?*
*He can't be happy that they'll essentially be exposing Mitsukasa-san to danger...*
Satoru: ......
*Wait. Essentially... exposing her to danger...*
Satoru: No. They're planning to use Mitsukasa-san as BAIT?
Ryuunosuke: "......"
Ryuunosuke: "Multiple Astrals are missing and the trail is cold. The higher-ups are more than a little concerned."
Ryuunosuke: "Something needs to be done, even if risky."
Satoru: I understand that, I really do--but using her as BAIT?!
Satoru: She's a civilian, for Christ's sake!
Ryuunosuke: "I know. I'm with you on that, but there's no changing their minds. They're dead-set on this."
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Can you refuse?
Ryuunosuke: "At the cost of my head."
Satoru: You mean that metaphorically?
Ryuunosuke: "If they're in a good mood on that particular day, then yes. If not, it will be literal."
Ryuunosuke: "They'll simply off me and put someone else in charge of the operation."
Ryuunosuke: "If that happens, I won't be able to guarantee your and Nanami's safety. If they deem you to be a threat to the success of the mission, then you might have to prepare for the worst..."
Satoru: ......
Ryuunosuke: "Believe me, I don't like this any more than you do. But we can't just..."
Satoru: I know. We can't refuse. It isn't an option.
Satoru: We'll just have to protect her to the best of our abilities and hope for the best.
Ryuunosuke: "As much as it pains me to admit, yeah."
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Alright.
*This whole situation just doesn't sit well with me.*
*But protesting their decision won't solve anything. I'd just essentially be griping and complaining to Dad when it's not his fault.*
*If I want to use my time productively, I should start crafting a plan to protect Mitsukasa-san on the day of.*
Satoru: So since she's to be the bait, I'm assuming we'll have to get her face-to-face with them?
Ryuunosuke: "Right. We gotta dangle the lure in front of the fish for them to bite."
Satoru: There's no way in hell me and Nanami will be able to handle them alone.
Ryuunosuke: "Naturally. I'll send backup like I said."
Ryuunosuke: "They won't let us refuse, but that means getting approval for extra manpower will be a lot easier. I'll make it happen, I promise." 
Satoru: Thanks.
Satoru: I think we should probably shy away from anything TOO elaborate.
Satoru: Our lack of experience would just make it that much easier for us to screw-up and get hit by a bunch of unforeseen problems.
Kyouhei: Yeah, that's logical.
Satoru: It may seem a bit cliched, but going with something tried-and-true is the best way to avoid disaster.
Kyouhei: So what you're saying is, instead of trying something unconventional and risking a flop, we should stick to what we know works? True. It's hard to lose money on something you already know's popular.
Kyouhei: For light meals, hmm. I guess we could go with stuff like yakisoba and octopus balls?
Chisaki: I'll also suggest curry, sausages, and grilled corn. Those are all pretty standard and easy to make.
Mayu: Also maybe waffles and crepes? Cafes like what we're going for often serve a few desserts as well.
Kyouhei: But if we go with something cliched, we won't be the only ones. Any ideas on how to make ours stick out?
Ayase: We could potentially incorporate our abilities in some way to make it unique.
Mayu: A cafe and astral abilities...
Mayu: Hmm.
Mayu: Ah! I think I might have an idea.
Hazuki: Shikibe-senpai?
Mayu: Just follow little ole me and I'll show you what I'm talking about.
*Mayu-senpai leads us out of the dorm, to the school building, and then to the pool.*
Nanami: So, uh, could you explain what this idea of yours is now?
Mayu: So I agree with the idea of a cafe. It's straightforward and simple, and people would probably prefer that over something weird and unfamiliar. Plus it'd be easier on us.
Hazuki: What is your plan for incorporating our abilities into it?
Chisaki: Oh, maybe we could use them to make the food? It could be like a "watch your food be cooked" sorta thing.
Kyouhei: Or we could carry people's food to their tables with an ability.
Nanami: Nijouin-san has her water manipulation and Ayase-senpai has her force stuff. We could probably make something like that work with those two abilities.
Mayu: It's an interesting suggestion, but if we went with that, they'd be working nonstop.
Mayu: They wouldn't even have time for breaks.
Kyouhei: Oh, right.
Chisaki: Hmm, yeah. My idea would run into the same problem.
Mayu: Anything that has them using their abilities on the day of when the guests are there is probably bad. It's just too much work with too few people in too short a timespan.
*I agree. Mitsukasa-san and Nijouin-san are the only two among us that have "flashy" abilities.*
Satoru: What do you propose then?
Mayu: Using our abilities in the preparation phase of things.
Mayu: I guess I've kept y'all in suspense long enough, so I'll just get right to it. How about we make the tables and chairs with our abilities?
Ayase: You want to MAKE tables and chairs?
Hazuki: Through what method, though? Surely you aren't going to suggest I carve the wood entirely with water, are you?
Mayu: No, I wouldn't make you do that. What I'm thinking is we'll make them all out of water.
Chisaki: Ohh, now I get it.
Kyouhei: Maybe we could make all the furnishings like that?
Kyouhei: How possible would that be, Nijouin-san?
Hazuki: Anything requiring precise control may pose a problem... So, for example, creating the curves of a comfortable-to-sit-in chair might not be possible.
Satoru: Plus it'd place a lot of stress on you. You'd have to maintain those shapes for the entire time.
Nanami: Wouldn't you get wet sitting on a water chair?
Mayu: Yeah, those are all good points. But that's where MY ability comes in.
Mayu: It'd go like this: First, we find a chair to use as our model. Then I put an invisible wall around the chair, but leave one side open.
Mayu: Next, we take the chair out. That'll probably be hard, so we'll use Mitsukasa-san's ability to do that. You should be able to manage that even if it's a little heavy, right?
Ayase: Y-Yes, I should be able to move most furniture quite easily.
Mayu: Perfect. So for the last step, we'll have Nijouin-san fill the husk with water before I seal it shut.
Mayu: That way it'll LOOK like a chair made of water but you won't get wet since it's actually an invisible wall you're touching.
Kyouhei: Oh, I see. Yeah, that does sound pretty cool.
Chisaki: It'd also be a neat little way to show people what astral abilities can do.
Mayu: Now that I got the explanation out of the way, why don't we go ahead and do a test one? That's why I brought us to the pool.
Hazuki: Good idea. We want to make sure it works first before doing anything else.
Mayu: Okay, then let's do it.
Mayu: And she's all done!
Chisaki: Whoaaa, that's so cool! It actually looks just like a chair.
Kyouhei: It's more transparent than I imagined, though. But I guess that's no surprise; water's transparent.
Mayu: We might want to add some sort of color dyes to the water for the actual event to make it more visually appealing.
Mayu: Okay, everyone back up! I'm gonna deactivate it now.
*Not a second later, the chair collapses and a puddle forms at the poolside.*
Ayase: I agree that it is a very lovely idea, but would it not put too much stress on you?
Mayu: No worries. There was a research project at this school that discovered a method for keeping astrons in their current state.
Mayu: It allows astrons to maintain their state after a state change, but it's not perfect. They aren't firmly "locked" in that state, so state changes can still occur.
Mayu: Initially, the idea was to analyze my ability to discover a perfect locking method, but it didn't go to well so--
Nanami,Chisaki,Kyouhei: ......
Mayu: Ahh, sorry 'bout that. You guys probably don't care about all those details. The important point is, it allows us to keep astrons in a state for about 12 hours without needing to do anything.
Ayase: Wow, I never knew that was possible. That's quite useful, actually.
Hazuki: Ah, I've heard of that before.
Hazuki: I actually had a chance to use it myself, and I can confirm, it does allow your astrons to maintain their state.
*Oh yeah, I remember her mentioning she used that to create her water threads.*
Mayu: It's not perfect by any means, but it'll work just fine for what we want to do.
Mayu: What do you guys think?
Chisaki: I love it! It's a really unique idea, and not just for a cafe.
Kyouhei: Yeah, I also think it sounds great.
Kyouhei: Aside from the furnishings, there should be plenty of stuff for us non-Astrals to use.
Mayu: Any opinions, Nijouin-san, Mitsukasa-san?
Hazuki: I haven't a single complaint. I would absolutely love to help with it.
Ayase: And I likewise have no objections. We should be able to divide the work fairly evenly, so no one person will have to worry about doing everything.
Nanami: I also like it.
Mayu: So now that everyone's given their opinion, are we all in favor of going with my idea?
Everyone: Yep.
Mayu: Phew. That was the only decent idea I had, so I was afraid you guys would reject it and then I'd have nothing.
Mayu: Good, good.
Kyouhei: So I guess we just need to come up with a menu now?
Mayu: Ah! Leave the coffee to yours truly here! I'll brew up some real good stuff for everyone.
Kyouhei: Hm, we'll also need tea and soft drinks for other options.
Chisaki: And then food. Since it's a cafe, maybe deli food?
Kyouhei: Doesn't cold food have an increased risk of causing food poisoning?
Hazuki: Yes, I've also heard that. We might want to stick strictly to cooked foods.
Ayase: If we want easy, then perhaps yakisoba would be our best bet?
Chisaki: If we're gonna serve yakisoba, we could also probably do okonomiyaki.
Kyouhei: I'd be down for that, but we might want to add some more options if we want girls to come.
Mayu: What about crepes? I think you should be able to make crepes with the iron plate you use to fry yakisoba.
Kyouhei: Personally I'd like to see some meat on the menu. I say steak!
Satoru: Remember, we're serving others. This isn't just about what YOU want to eat.
Ayase: Steaks would be too expensive for us in the first place.
Nanami: Hmm, what else... Pancakes might work.
Hazuki: Pancakes and crepes... I've truthfully never tried either.
Chisaki: Girls would love those for sure.
Mayu: Why don't we just go all out and make everything we can?
Kyouhei: Well, if we put TOO many things on the menu, cooking will be a nightmare.
Mayu: Good point. I guess it's better to stay simple.
Nanami: Oh, but you can make pancakes and crepes with mostly the same ingredients, just in differing amounts.
Mayu: Oh, someone knows their facts. Are you good at cooking, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: I wouldn't say I'm good, per se, but I was in charge of cooking and all the other household chores before we moved here, so I can cook to an extent.
Hazuki: Could we place you in charge of cooking then, Nanami-kun?
Mayu: I also like that. Making food is easy, but we're charging people for it, so we can't skimp on quality.
Mayu: If you're fine with it, Nanami-chan, we'd love for you to.
Nanami: Oh, um, yeah. If you want me to, I can.
Nanami: But, er, I've never actually made crepes or pancakes. Neither Dad nor Satoru-kun ever wanted them.
Nanami: Also, a normal iron plate will probably work fine for pancakes, but I don't know if I can get the crepes to turn out nice and round in one of them.
Chisaki: You were cooking on a daily basis, weren't you? You have the experience, so you'll hold up just fine.
Nanami: You think so? I cooked daily, but it wasn't anything special.
Kyouhei: But you've made yakisoba and okonomiyaki before, right? We'd love for you to handle the cooking. I think you'll do just fine.
Ayase: I know we're asking a lot of you, but it would be a great help for us to have someone who knows what they're doing in the kitchen.
Nanami: A-Alright! Um, I'll do it.
Hazuki: Can we leave the recipes in your hands as well?
Nanami: Yeah, of course. I'll make a list of all the ingredients and everything.
Hazuki: Splendid.
Nanami: But, um, I don't think I'll be able to handle the cooking by myself. I'll need help.
Satoru: How would you like to work in the kitchen with her, Mitsukasa-san?
Satoru: I mean, with you as a waitress, it might almost turn into a meet and greet, with all the people trying to talk to you and shake your hand and all that.
Ayase: Oh, surely not. I may be popular, but I'm no pop idol.
Ayase: Don't you remember the time when we all went to the mall? Nobody came up to me asking for my autograph or anything.
Chisaki: It might not develop into full-on handshaking, but I bet there'll be people who are gonna repeatedly call you to their table so they can talk to you.
Kyouhei: Yeah. Someone's gotta do it, so if you're fine with it, Mitsukasa-san, I'd say you should do it.
Kyouhei: Wait, what if we used "Homemade by Mitsukasa Ayase" as an advertising slogan? That'd work like magic! Guys would FLOCK to our cafe!
Ayase: Not happening.
Mayu: Yeah, I wanna strive for a cafe that everyone can enjoy.
Kyouhei: We'd totally make bank, but eh, if she says no then that's that. Actually, you know what?
Kyouhei: I'm getting kinda excited for this. It's not gonna be your traditional cafe, but I still think we can make this a big hit. Like, I already can't wait for the fair.
Nanami: If we're making yakisoba and okonomiyaki I think our image is gonna be closer to a beachside restaurant than a cafe.
Chisaki: Beachside... Oh, wait! Guys, I just came up with the coolest idea!
Chisaki: Since we're already using water, why don't we run our cafe here at the pool?
Hazuki: Hm? Ah, yes. I suppose that would make things more convenient.
Satoru: Hm, the pool. Let's see.
*That might actually work pretty well in our favor.*
*There's only one entrance, plus all the windows are located near the ceiling, probably to prevent perverts from peeping.*
*Also, unlike normal classrooms, it's very wide and spacious.*
Satoru: Seems fine as long as we get permission.
Chisaki: Why don't we all put on swimsuits while we're at it?
あやせ・七海・茉優・羽月: Swimsuits?!
Chisaki: We'll call it the bikini cafe! Has a real nice ring to it, don'tcha think?
Kyouhei: I approve. Guys will be drawn to it like bees to honey.
Hazuki: Wh-Wh-Wh-What is wrong with you, Suou?! How could you agree to something so scandalous!
Chisaki: ......
Kyouhei: Umm, Chisaki-chaaan? Could you place stop looking me with that face that's practically screaming "Oh, so he actually IS a boy!"
Chisaki: I-I-I wasn't thinking that, I swear. You're just imagining things Aha, ahaha!
Kyouhei: Gosh, talk about rude!
Satoru: Dude, maybe you should stop pouting like a cute girl before you go complaining about stuff like that.
Kyouhei: Not you too!
Hazuki: Servicing people in BIKINIS is just... It's wrong! It's too wrong! Bikinis are FAR too inappropriate for a school event!
Hazuki: And if, on top of that, we allowed people to take photos of us for a nominal extra fee... No, no, no, no! That sounds exactly like one of those, those r-r-r-raunchy photoshoot events!
Kyouhei: Nobody mentioned taking photos.
Hazuki: Huh?
Chisaki: I didn't expect you to know so much about those things, Nijouin-senpai.
Hazuki: Ah, wait, no! I-I know nothing of these "raunchy photoshoot events"! Nothing! Nothing at all!
Chisaki,Kyouhei: RIGHT.
Hazuki: U-Urgh. Stop looking at me like that!
================================================================================
Satoru: Everything is proceeding as planned. We'll still be running the cafe.
Ryuunosuke: "Alright. No problems over here. We're checking over all the equipment and materials that are set to be delivered to the school."
Ryuunosuke: "We're conducting extensive background investigations on all the subcontractors going back several years, but as of yet, nothing suspicious has been found."
Ryuunosuke: "Anything concerning the cafe to report? Inform me of any changes, however slight, just to be safe."
Satoru: None that I know of. The kitchen has been stalled, and it will be sectioned off from the rest of the cafe area as planned.
Satoru: Other furnishings such as chairs and tables will be made on the day of the fair, but we already have a layout.
Satoru: The only question left is how many people we'll actually get... but that's something nobody will know until the day of.
Ryuunosuke: "Alright."
Ryuunosuke: "I'll be sending in the backup tomorrow as scheduled, so be prepared for that."
Satoru: What about the matter we discussed the other day?
Ryuunosuke: "All clear. A detailed plan has been worked out and approved."
Satoru: Great. Thanks again for that.
Ryuunosuke: "Of course. Good luck."
Satoru: Yeah.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: It's finally here. Tomorrow...
*My nerves are running high.*
*Is this plan REALLY going to work? If it fails, then...*
Satoru: ......
================================================================================
*Following Mitsukasa-san's performance, the Astral Expo Fair concluded as scheduled.*
*Many things happened today, from the cafe to the confrontation with her would-be kidnappers.*
*I could tell the fatigue had gotten to her, but once she walked up on stage, she put on a bright smile and held it from beginning to end.*
*And that energy was contagious. Everyone in the crowd was having a good time.*
*Even though it was only one song, the concert was a resounding success.*
*Thanks to that, the fair ended on a high note.*
Satoru: For as much as she complained about having to do it, that was one fantastic concert.
*It really left an impression on me, which is why I'm currently heading to the school building instead of my dorm. I want to congratulate her on a job well done.*
*I heard she was going to make a stop by the president's room before going to her dorm room.*
*Probably to change, I'm guessing. I definitely wouldn't want to walk around outside in that concert outfit if I was her.*
*Honestly, I'm not sure if she'll snap at me if I congratulate her and praise the performance, but...*
Satoru: As long as I sound sincere enough, it should be fine.
*Along the way, I suddenly spot two silhouettes standing in the dark hallway.*
*Is that Mitsukasa-san and Principal Ise?*
Satoru: ......
*I've hid myself behind a corner without realizing it.*
*Why? Why did I hide? I shouldn't need to hide from them...*
*I catch sight of the smile on Mitsukasa-san's face.*
*Even as someone who hasn't known her long, I can tell that it's 100\% natural.*
Satoru: I wonder what they're talking about?
*Her demeanor has caused me to hide myself instead of going up and saying something.*
Satoru: ......
*I end up straining my eyes in spite of myself to focus on their mouth movements.*
Atsunori: You did wonderful out there today. Apologies again for always asking so much from you.
Ayase: No, it's fine.
Atsunori: Alright. Here is your next supply.
*Principle Isle then hands something to her.*
*And she takes it without any noticeable hesitation or confusion.*
Ayase: Thanks.
Satoru: ......
*I know I shouldn't be doing this.*
Satoru: (It was a perfectly cordial interaction, so what do I have to worry about?)
*It more than likely isn't relevant to my mission based on that.*
*And if that's the case, then I'd rather not infringe upon her privacy.*
*Besides--*
Satoru: ......
*There don't seem to be any signs that she's in her fake persona mode. I guess that means I'm not the only person she can be herself around, huh?*
*Well, that shouldn't really come as a surprise.*
*I've only known her for a couple of months.*
*She's been doing those interviews and stuff way before I came here, so she's probably spent much more time with Kakimoto-sensei and Principal Ise than she has with me.*
*Why was I even under the impression that I was the only one who knew her true self?*
*I don't know. It's confusing...*
*My mood was so great before I got here because of how successful the fair was, but now it feels like a damper's been put on it.*
Satoru: Guess I'll just go to the president's room. She'll get there when she's done talking with him.
Ayase: Oh, Arihara-kun? What're you doing here?
Satoru: I just wanted to congratulate you before the day ended.
Ayase: You came here and waited just for something like that? Sheesh, that's a little too courteous.
Ayase: Come on in for now. We can talk in here.
Satoru: Okay.
Ayase: *sigh* I'm so freaking exhausted.
Satoru: I imagine.
Ayase: Really, I feel like you're probably more exhausted than I am.
Satoru: I appreciate you saying that, but I highly doubt it.
Satoru: Look, sure it was just one song, but you still had to get up on stage in front of all those people and sing and cheer and all that.
Ayase: Do not bring that up.
Ayase: I'm gonna die if I have to recall all that embarrassing crap I did again. Just please, act like it never happened or something...
*Ultimately...*
Ayase: Hey everyoneee. Did you all have fun today? I had a blast coming out here and singing with all of you!
*She acted exactly like a real pop idol.*
*She definitely energized the crowd, that's for sure, but at the cost of her mental well-being.*
Satoru: I promise I'm not trying to poke fun at you.
Satoru: I really loved your performance, and so did everyone else. I couldn't have asked for a better way to close out the fair.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Thanks, I guess.
Satoru: You know, though.
Satoru: I'd never heard you sing in-person before today. You're actually pretty good, huh?
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Are you SURE you're not trying to poke fun at me?
Satoru: You need to turn off your persecution complex. I was being honest.
Ayase: Well, fine whatever. Hmph. Still feels like you're trying something.
Satoru: Well, I'm glad it was all a success.
Ayase: Yeah, I agree.
Ayase: But are you really alright? Your injuries don't hurt at all, or anything?
Satoru: Nope, they're all healed up.
Satoru: If you want proof, I can take off my shirt and show you.
Ayase: No, please. I don't need to see that.
Satoru: Wow, my body is perfectly normal, I'll have you know!
Ayase: Ahhh! Why the heck are you stripping?! Stop that! Keep your clothes on, for chrissakes!
Satoru: Haha, I was just messing with you.
Ayase: Seriously. I'm tired enough as it is, so could you stop trying to get a rise out of me?
Ayase: Why are you so slaphappy right now anyways? You're usually way more mellow.
Satoru: Hm? Hmm... Maybe I'm still hyped up from the fair.
Satoru: Everything went much better than I could've asked for. The fair and the operation both.
Ayase: Yeah, I see what you mean. Today was pretty hectic.
Ayase: I had a ton of fun this year, in all honesty. I thought it'd just be a drag at first, but yeah...
Ayase: Doing stuff with your friends and peers can actually be kinda nice.
Satoru: I agree.
Satoru: It's probably the first time I've ever actually genuinely enjoyed myself at one of these festival-type events.
Ayase: Oh, really?
Satoru: Yeah. My job is kinda... different, as you know, so I rarely get opportunities to socialize.
Ayase: KIND OF different. You don't say...
Ayase: But I guess I'm in the same boat, in a sense. I put up a fake persona around everyone I interact with.
*Right. She has a secret, just like I do.*
*Also, it isn't just her personality that's a fabrication.*
*Man, they always look 100\% like the real deal.*
Ayase: Stop ogling my tits, you sicko. I'm gonna kill your ass!
Satoru: Out of curiosity, has no one really ever figured you out?
Ayase: Of course. I've kept it flawlessly hidden this entire time from everyone barring you.
Satoru: Hmm. But what do you do about physical exams?
Satoru: I imagine it'd be kinda hard to get by those with fake breasts.
Ayase: It's easy. I just come with some convenient excuse, like sickness or an interview, then I get a private exam at a later date and... somehow manage to fool my way through it.
Satoru: That sounds like a hassle.
Ayase: Can't deny it, but I've only got myself to blame for it.
Satoru: Wait. I just thought of this, but how do you even take baths? They're all communal here.
Ayase: I just wait till no one's in there, then wash up as fast as I can.
Satoru: I mean, I get that most people take their baths at certain times, but have you really never had someone walk in on you before?
Ayase: There's a certain time past which students aren't allowed to take baths.
Ayase: But since I often get back super late because of my interview stuff, I get special permission.
Ayase: Kinda sucks, though, 'cause the bathwater's all lukewarm by then...
Satoru: Man, that sounds awful.
Ayase: Oh, it is. You have no idea how many hardships I've had to endure to protect this secret.
Ayase: And then some random boy just happens to discover it by pure coincidence. Talk about unlucky.
Satoru: Believe me, I was just as surprised.
Satoru: I mean, sheesh. Your tits just... went plop! and fell off. I almost had a panic attack.
Ayase: That's not funny. I'll kick your ass to kingdom come.
Satoru: Sorry, didn't mean to offend.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: *sigh* It's alright. I'm used to that aspect of your personality by this point.
Satoru: Err, are you trying to say that part of me is unfixable?
Satoru: Well, yeah, I'm pretty aware of the fact that I throw out insensitive remarks all the time, so I can't argue with you.
Ayase: I'm not trying to say I'm bothered by it.
Ayase: I was in full-on panic mode when you first found out, but now, I kinda think that maybe it was a good thing.
Satoru: Yeah?
Ayase: It's nice to have someone you can be yourself around.
Satoru: Oh, glad to be--
Ayase: But that doesn't mean your tactless remarks are okay.
Ayase: Being frank and being flippant are two completely different things.
Satoru: I know.
Satoru: I'm making an effort to do better... or trying to, at least.
*It's not really a conscious habit, per se. The problem is that I myself say them without realizing how insensitive they are.*
*It's probably because I never developed social skills. As a kid, I beat people up instead of making friends, and once I joined the SFD, I didn't have time for that.*
*Now that I have friends, though, I want to take the time to learn the subtleties of social interaction. *
Ayase: Alright. It's probably 'bout time I get back to my dorm.
Satoru: Me too.
Ayase: Okay, I'm gonna get changed so just wait out in the hallway for me.
Satoru: Alright.
Ayase: I probably don't need to say this, but just in case... Peep and I'll crush your family jewels.
Satoru: Wasn't gonna.
Ayase: ......
Satoru: Hm? Something the matter?
Ayase: Uhh, I'm not sure how I feel about that level of disinterest. Kinda feels insulting, in a way.
Ayase: It's like you're saying "Why would I bother peeping on a girl with tits as flat as yours?"
Satoru: That's completely irrelevant. Not looking at someone when they're changing is just plain common decency.
Satoru: But fine. Since it sounds like you want me to look, maybe I can, just to satisfy you.
Ayase: God, I just KNEW you were gonna come back with something like that!
Ayase: Heh, I'd never show you anything. Dream on, stupid.
*The smile on her face as she playfully gibes me is really something special. It's probably the most beautiful smile I've seen her make.*
*Maybe that expression is a reflection of the real Mitsukasa Ayase...*
Ayase: Go out to the hallway like a good boy and wait there patiently until I'm done. And no peeping.
Satoru: Alright.
*Damned if I peep, damned if I don't.*
*The mind of a young girl is an enigma.*
Ayase: First thing after getting back is to take a bath, I guess. Then after that I'm gonna go straight to bed.
Satoru: Yeah, I might just conk out the second I walk into my room.
Ayase: Just make sure you don't catch a cold.
Satoru: You too.
Cat: Meeeow!
Satoru: Oh, it's Straya.
*Maybe she recognizes me as the person that gave her food the other day?*
*I'm empty-handed today, but she still comes up and starts rubbing her face against my legs.*
Satoru: Who's a good girl?
Cat: Meoow... Meooow...
*Straya meows blissfully as I scratch the area under her chin.*
*I then also pet her head, causing her to purr further.*
*It's so easy to get this cat to like you.*
*Which is probably the secret to her popularity, if we're being honest.*
Satoru: Look, Mitsukasa-san. The cat--
Ayase: HOOOOH... HOOOOH... KITTY... HOOOOH!
Cat: MRRROW?!
Satoru: Calm down! You've got those predator eyes again! You look like you wanna kill her! Remember your training!
Ayase: Ah?! R-Right. I let my excitement get the better of me after seeing that adorable little creature.
Ayase: Calm down, Ayase. Keep your excitement in check and wait for HER to come to you... foo... haah... foo... haah.
*After some deep breaths, she extends her arm towards Straya.*
Ayase: Tchtchtch.
*She stays where she is, waiting for Straya to approach.*
Ayase: Come here, I won't hurt you.
Cat: Meow. Meow?
Satoru: Go on over. She won't bite.
*I gently coax her into going where Mitsukasa-san is.*
*Straya, seemingly not sure what to do, shifts her eyes back and forth between me and Mitsukasa-san.*
*But after a few seconds, she slowly walks towards Mitsukasa-san.*
*Mitsukasa-san remains still where she is, watching patiently.*
Ayase: Foo... Foo...
*Her nasal breathing is getting heavier, but she has to bear with it. If she gives in to her excitement now, it'll all have been for nothing.*
*She herself seems to be aware of that. I can tell she's trying her best to contain herself.*
Cat: Meow!
*Finally, her fingers touch Straya's head and she strokes it.*
Ayase: O-Oh my god! I'm actually petting a real live kitty!
Satoru: Watch it. You'll scare her if you act too hyper.
Ayase: Right. I need to reign in my desires.
Cat: Meow... meow, meow!
*Straya meows in delight.*
*Craving more, she rubs her body against Mitsukasa-san's fingers.*
Ayase: Ahhh, how cute! The way she's rubbing up against my fingers... Oh my god, you're just the sweetest little thing!
Ayase: Just seeing them in videos was enough to make me feel all warm and fuzzy, but petting a real kitty is on a whole other level!
Ayase: Oh my gosh, kitties are just so cute!
Cat: Meow! Meow, meooow...
Ayase: You like it when I pet you there, little kitty? Here, I'll pet you some more.
Cat: Meow... Meoow!
Satoru: ......
*Both parties are letting out noises of bliss.*
*Honestly, watching this is pretty fun.*
Ayase: I've gotten to pet a real kitty for minutes... This has to be the greatest day of my life. I'm about to cry tears of joy.
Satoru: Man, if this is the highlight of your life, you must've lived a pretty bleak life.
Ayase: You can't blame me. Look, I've never had a cat not run away from me before. I seriously thought cats were naturally inclined to hate me or something.
Ayase: I was convinced I'd have to settle for videos the rest of my life... Oh, I'm so happy right now!
Ayase: Ahhh, I love you, kittyy! You're so soft and cuddly.
Ayase: I'm gonna touch you here too! Oh, and you're so SOFT right there, oh my gosh! I'm learning so many things those videos could never teach me...
Cat: Meow, meow, meoooow! Meooow!
Ayase: Ah, wait! Please don't go, kitty!
Satoru: ......
*Wow, it's almost like I'm watching a female lead in a romance movie shout to her departing lover.*
*It's not the first time I've had this thought, but man, her love for cats is frightening.*
Ayase: She ran away.
Satoru: Yeah. I think you got a little carried away there at the end.
Ayase: Do you think I scared her off again?
Satoru: No, I don't think that was the issue. I think you just got a little too rough with your petting.
Satoru: And well, she probably didn't like that.
Ayase: Oh, come on. I was trying so hard to be gentle with her.
Satoru: Most cats react like that when you do something they don't like. She wasn't scared of you or anything.
Satoru: Things were going pretty well there for a while, so I think there's a good chance she'll approach you more in the future.
Ayase: I sure hope so...
Ayase: Ahh, that soft fur, and the cute little face she was making... Cats are so cute it's criminal.
*Even now with Straya gone, the lingering bliss from the experience is still apparent in her expression.*
Ayase: Thanks a lot, Arihara-kun.
Ayase: All that practice we did paid off.
Satoru: Oh, right. The PRACTICE.
Satoru: Meeoow! Meooooow! Meoooooooow!
Satoru: I almost forgot some of the embarrassing stuff I did that day...
Ayase: Those sounded more like war cries than cat meows. Are you Eva Unit-01 now?
Satoru: What kind of chilling noises was I making?!
Ayase: Hmm, how would I say it. Compared to Straya, your voice is deep. And not cute in the slightest.
Ayase: Still, I meant it when I said that practice helped a lot.
Ayase: You saved me from being kidnapped earlier, and now, you even allowed me to pet a cat for the first time.
Ayase: So once again, thank you. I'm really grateful for everything you've done for me.
Satoru: Um. You're welcome.
Ayase: Ahh, kitties feel so nice and warm! I can't WAIT to pet her again!
Satoru: I'm sure you'll get another opportunity soon.
Ayase: Yeah, I finally managed to touch her. I'm making real progress!
*We then slowly start walking.*
*But right after, a wave of dizziness hits me, and I stagger on my feet a little.*
Ayase: Whoa, are you okay?! That wasn't because of your injuries, was it?!
Satoru: No, my injuries are all healed.
Ayase: But you almost stumbled and fell.
Satoru: The exhaustion's just probably finally kicking in... Yeah, that's gotta be it.
Satoru: Don't worry about me, I'll be alright.
Satoru: I'll be feeling great after a nice, long rest tonight.
Ayase: Really? You aren't just saying that?
Satoru: No, I mean it. Also, we probably wanna hurry on back before bath hours end.
Ayase: Alright. But if you aren't feeling fine, don't feel like you gotta hide it from me. You can tell me.
Satoru: I know. Thanks.
Satoru: I'll come to you if something like that ever happens.
Ayase: Good.
*Maybe I'm more exhausted than I thought.*
*I need to go back and get a good night's sleep tonight.*
================================================================================
Satoru: Mh... mhh...
Satoru: Already morning? I better get up.
*I get out of my bed, intending to get ready and go on my morning jog.*
Satoru: Agh!
*For some reason, my head aches and I feel dizzy.*
Satoru: Why? I got plenty of sleep last night.
*I went to bed right after warming up in the bath.*
*I got two hours more sleep than my normal amount.*
*So why does my body feel this way?*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Huh. My headache's gone. Did I just imagine it? Or maybe I actually slept TOO long?
*I'm a little confused, but if it's gone, I should be alright.*
Satoru: Time to go jogging.
*After changing out of my pajamas, I exit my room.*
Satoru: *pant* *pant*
*Man, my body's running out of stamina a lot quicker than usual.*
*This is the same distance I always run and I'm already out of breath.*
Hazuki: Are you alright, Arihara-kun?
Satoru: Yeah.
Hazuki: You usually aren't this exhausted after we run.
Hazuki: And your face is worryingly pale.
Satoru: Really?
Hazuki: Oh, yes. It's very noticeable.
Hazuki: If you're feeling unwell, you should go back up to your room and rest.
Satoru: We've got the fair clean-up to do, though.
Hazuki: I understand that you don't want to skip out on that, but your health is more important.
Hazuki: I'm not sure it'd be wise to move around a lot if you're sick.
Satoru: You're just worrying too much.
Satoru: I haven't been up long, and--as embarrassing as it is to admit--I think some of the exhaustion from yesterday is still left over.
Satoru: I'll be fine after breakfast, I promise. Come on, let's hurry back to the dorm.
Hazuki: Alright.
Hazuki: But I want you to be honest. If you still feel unwell after breakfast, tell me.
Satoru: Okay, I will.
Hazuki: You promise?
Satoru: Yeah, I promise I will.
Hazuki: Good. I'll take your word on it.
Satoru: ......
*I've tried to reassure her, but really--what's going on?*
*It's relatively common for me to get a headache after overuse of my ability.*
*But my body has never felt this heavy and languid before.*
*So how do interpret that? Is it the injuries I sustained yesterday?*
*Shit, don't tell me the blade was poison-coated? That would explain why Nanami's ability didn't heal it.*
Ryuunosuke: "Don't worry. That's highly unlikely to be the case."
Ryuunosuke: "We thoroughly examined all equipment and belongings of theirs and there wasn't poison on anything."
Satoru: Okay then.
Ryuunosuke: "Think about it logically. Their objective wasn't to kill her; they wanted to kidnap her alive."
Ryuunosuke: "It'd make no sense for them to use poison."
Satoru: Yeah, that's a fair point.
Ryuunosuke: "Are you really feeling that bad?"
Satoru: No, it's still bearable for now. If it's not poison, it's probably nothing serious.
Satoru: I'm probably just physically spent after yesterday.
Satoru: On a separate note, I was wondering about the culprits. Have you uncovered anything yet?
Ryuunosuke: "In a way, yes, and in a way, no."
Satoru: That's not much of an answer.
Ryuunosuke: "Well, you can't just politely ask and expect a criminal to fess up."
Ryuunosuke: "And, needless to say, we can't resort to torture."
Satoru: But we DO do other illegal things, do we not?
Ryuunosuke: "Considering the potential consequences, extreme measures would be ill-advised."
Ryuunosuke: "These fellas probably fall under the same classification as us."
Satoru: Wait, do you mean...
Ryuunosuke: "Yep. They're part of a secret government organization. Judging by their equipment, there's no room for doubt."
Satoru: What the hell? Why would the government be after Mitsukasa-san?
Ryuunosuke: "Let's start from the top. First, there were no Astrals among the people we apprehended yesterday."
Satoru: Oh, right. They used guns and knives, but nothing that made use of astrons.
Ryuunosuke: "That in and of itself should tell you that they aren't our friends."
Ryuunosuke: "Moving on, we're presently unable to get any info out of them whatsoever. Even if they're not allies, they're being way too secretive."
Ryuunosuke: "So whatever organization they're tied to is likely operating counter to our goals."
Satoru: Wait. You said they're a government organization, and they're working against us--don't tell me it's a foreign government?!
Ryuunosuke: "No, not quite. They belong to the Japanese government, same as us."
Satoru: They do? But then, what does that mean?
Ryuunosuke: "Not everyone in the country sees eye-to-eye. Especially when it comes to the issue of Astrals and astrons."
Ryuunosuke: "The prevailing view among the public these days is that we should cultivate the potential of astrons, but there is still a sizable number of people who aren't so gung-ho about it."
Ryuunosuke: "They hold the view that all things astron-related need to be regulated and supervised by the government. They want Astrals to be taken into 'protective custody'--which is just a sugarcoated way to say they want them to be locked up."
Ryuunosuke: "Even among the majority party in this country, those sentiments is still very much alive."
Satoru: So, let me see if I follow you. What you're saying is that we work for the main political faction--the "pro-astron" faction.
Satoru: And those people we took into custody yesterday are part of an "anti-astron" faction?
Ryuunosuke: "Basically, yes."
Satoru: That'd certainly explain the noticeable absence of Astrals among them.
Ryuunosuke: "My guess is they wanted to kidnap Mitsukasa Ayase and use her for some scheme with the ultimate goal of getting astron regulation passed."
Ryuunosuke: "We're still investigating the specifics regarding that 'scheme.'"
*I had no idea there was such a thing as an "anti-astron" faction.*
*I knew fears existed, but I never imagined there would be people who believed in rounding up astrals and basically imprisoning them...*
Satoru: Wait, hold up.
Satoru: If their objective is astron regulation, couldn't they potentially strike again via some different organization?!
Ryuunosuke: "A reasonable concern and one we've already taken measures against."
Satoru: Wow, you work fast.
Ryuunosuke: "We wouldn't want them to catch us off-guard after assuming they were dead."
Ryuunosuke: "Besides, while the government higher-ups in this organization are usually slow to act, they move a hell of a lot faster when the potential for collateral damage comes into play."
Satoru: Collateral damage, as in?
Ryuunosuke: "They're political proponents of astron development, so they want to keep their political opponents from doings things that could lead to the passing of anti-astron legislation."
Ryuunosuke: "And political failure on that level could spell bad news for their careers."
Ryuunosuke: "The anti-astron faction slipped up with this incident. And they know that they need to capitalize on that."
Satoru: Is that anti-astron organization going to be dismantled, you think?
Ryuunosuke: "That'll depend on the details of the deal they'll make. Either way, though, there will undoubtedly be consequences."
Ryuunosuke: "You don't have to worry about Mitsukasa Ayase being in harm's way anymore, at the very least. We've received orders to discontinue that mission."
Satoru: Thank you.
Ryuunosuke: "So, as such, I hereby relieve you of your mission to protect Mitsukasa Ayase."
Satoru: Alright.
Ryuunosuke: "You did great, Satoru."
Ryuunosuke: "However, keep in mind that your spy mission will still continue. Make sure to study hard and enjoy yourself."
Ryuunosuke: "Oh yeah, feel free to even go and get yourself a girlfriend. Well... supposing that's possible for you in the first place."
Satoru: Shut up.
Ryuunosuke: "Hahaha! Well, keep working hard."
Ryuunosuke: "I'll get in touch with you if anything comes up, but things should be quiet for a while, so take your mind off things and use that time to relax."
Satoru: Alright. Thanks.
*I end the call, then sit down on my bed.*
*If we've dealt a crippling blow to our enemies, it should be safe to conclude that Mitsukasa-san isn't under threat of being attacked anymore.*
*There's also the case of the missing Astrals, which is probably tied to this incident in some way, but I'll let Dad take care of that stuff.*
Satoru: ......
*My body feels a bit heavy, but apart from that, everything feels fine.*
Satoru: No fever either. I guess I was just worrying over nothing.
*I'm standing there assessing my condition, when suddenly I hear my name.*
Ayase: Arihara-kun?
Satoru: Oh, Mitsukasa-san. Good morning.
Ayase: Good morning to you too. What might you be doing here? Have you already eaten breakfast?
Satoru: No, not yet. I was waiting for you.
Satoru: I wanna talk to you about something related to yesterday.
Ayase: Oh. Does that mean there's been some sort of new development?
Satoru: Yeah, but we still don't know everything.
Ayase: I'd still appreciate it if you could tell me what you have learned.
Ayase: Although, perhaps we'll want to go somewhere else before discussing it?
Satoru: Nah, it won't take long.
Satoru: There's no one here right now, so we'll be fine.
Ayase: Will we? Alright then.
Ayase: So have you figured out who those people who tried to kidnap me are?
Satoru: Yeah. I've been told there's a group of people belonging to an anti-astron faction. They see astrons as a threat and want everything involving them to be regulated. The people we caught yesterday are part of that group.
Satoru: We're still investigating the finer details of their plans, but there's one thing we can safely say...
Satoru: The reason they were after you is probably because of your relative fame as an Astral. They were hoping to use you in order to accomplish their goals.
Ayase: Oh. So these people are after astron regulation...
Ayase: ......
Satoru: Everything okay?
Ayase: Huh? Oh, sorry, I was just thinking about something.
Ayase: So, um, have you apprehended all of the perpetrators?
Satoru: Unfortunately not. Something like that is easier said than done.
Satoru: Their organization is also a little special. We'll need a bit more time to figure who all exactly is involved.
Ayase: Makes sense. It's only been a single day.
Satoru: But we do have a general idea, and measures have already been taken, so there won't be any further attempts to kidnap you.
Ayase: So I've got nothing to worry about anymore, basically?
Satoru: Yep. I've also been relieved of my mission to protect you.
Satoru: So you no longer need to inform me when you want to go anywhere, and you can probably go back to doing your interviews and whatnot.
Ayase: INTERVIEWS...
Ayase: Having to be miss goody-two-shoes 24/7 without even having the time to eat lunch and answering question after question until late at night...
Satoru: I can REALLY feel your lack of excitement.
Ayase: Right after I finally got some free time for a while...
Satoru: Can't you just decline if you don't like them?
Ayase: ......
Ayase: I suppose I technically could...
Satoru: ......
*The brief expression she just made is bugging me.*
*There seemed to be a tinge of sadness there, but what does that mean?*
*I also remember what Kyouhei told me she once said in an interview.*
*"If my efforts can lead to a future where Astrals are accepted as valuable members of society, then I know I've done the right thing."*
*Assuming those are her true feelings, would that explain why she willingly does all those interviews?*
Satoru: Well, thanks for bearing with everything over these past few weeks. Also, um...
Satoru: I hope we can continue being friends.
Ayase: Of course.
*I reach out my hand, and right as she reaches out hers to shake it...*
*My vision flashes white for a mere second, causing me to stumble forward.*
*The result of which is...*
Satoru: Ah.
*My hand misses hers and keeps on going.*
*Until it plops right on one of her voluptuous breasts.*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Ah?!
*I remove my hand instantly and take a step back.*
*That unexpected accident has my body boiling.*
Ayase: ......
Satoru: W-Wait! I'm sorry! It wasn't on purpose, I swear, so please stay calm!
Satoru: My head just started to feel dizzy and then my hand landed there. It was a total accident!
Satoru: If you stop and analyze the situation, I think you'll see that too.
Ayase: Go on. I'll allow you to present your excuse.
Satoru: I already know they're 100\% fake.
Satoru: So then why would I risk upsetting you just to touch some plastic?
Ayase: Oh, that's a fair point.
Ayase: Hell no it's not!
Ayase: How dare you! How DARE you mock me like that! And the thing that pisses me off most is you almost CONVINCED me with that BS argument for a second!
Satoru: Ah, sorry, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to offend, I just panicked and that came out!
*My body is further assaulted by dizziness and nausea, almost like it's cowering in the face of her rage.*
Satoru: Ugh?!
*All of a sudden, my vision goes black.*
Satoru: ......
Ayase: What? Arihara-kun?
Ayase: What's wrong? Come on, answer me! Why'd you just fall down? I didn't even do anything.
Ayase: Arihara-kun, can you hear me? Are you seriously okay? Arihara-kun?! Speak to me!
Ayase: This is really not good.
Ayase: Please, someone! Come quick!
Kaori: It seems to be anemia.
*I'm currently in the school's research center.*
*I was carried to Kakimoto-sensei's lab here, and directly after waking up, she informed me of the reason why I blacked out. *
Ayase,Satoru: Anemia?
Ayase: Oh, so that's all it was. You had me scared for nothing.
Kaori: Anemia is no laughing matter, Mitsukasa-san.
Kaori: Especially considering his age.
Ayase: Is it that serious?
Kaori: Anemia does not just appear out of nowhere without a reason.
Kaori: Normally, a lack of iron is the main cause, but since he is eating the dorm meals, that shouldn't be the issue. 
Kaori: So if we rule that out, other possibilities are... a disease that causes blood loss, or a tumor within the digestive system.
Satoru: You're scaring me, Sensei.
Kaori: Oh, I'm not doing that purposefully. This is a serious matter.
Kaori: Do you have any ideas what might be causing it? Perhaps an area you've been feeling pain in recently?
Satoru: I can't think of anything.
Satoru: And the doctor's never mentioned anything during my regular health check-ups.
Kaori: Hmm.
Kaori: Maybe you simply don't realize the problem because there's no perceivable pain?
Ayase: Are there no other possible causes besides what you've already said?
Kaori: Of course, anemia can also come about as a result of rapid blood loss that isn't from any sort of disease.
Ayase,Satoru: Blood loss...
*So it's because of those injuries I sustained yesterday?*
*The one on my arm wasn't bad, but my thigh was cut pretty deeply.*
Kaori: Hm? Was there something that fit the bill?
Satoru: No, not really.
*We never lied about Nanami's ability, so we could tell her my injuries were healed.*
*But HOW I got them is the problem. I can't tell her that.*
*I could in theory try to make up a story, but I can't think of anything plausible that would explain the large blood loss.*
Kaori: I'd recommend getting a more thorough examination, just to be safe.
Kaori: You won't need to go the hospital, though. We can do that here.
Satoru: Really?
Kaori: In the field of astron research, body examinations of Astrals are very commonly done.
Kaori: We have better equipment here than even some hospitals. This will allow me to conduct a very thorough checkup.
Satoru: Is that really necessary?
Kaori: Like I've already said, anemia is serious and it's exceedingly important that we treat it that way.
Kaori: Also, you're an Astral. If the anemia isn't induced by some disease, it could be an adverse effect of your ability usage.
Kaori: And this doesn't apply to just you; whenever an Astral gets sick, we do a thorough checkup on them.
Kaori: So far, there have been no reported instances of side-effects from ability usage, but all that means is there has been no precedent.
Kaori: Hence why it's vitally important that we check you out thoroughly. Does that make sense to you?
Satoru: ......
*I can tell from her eyes that she's dead serious. And I know she isn't the type of person to joke around...*
*I don't see her budging on this.*
Satoru: Alright, I understand.
Kaori: Wonderful. I'm going to get everything ready, so please wait here in the meantime.
Kaori: Also, keep in mind that you are currently inside the research center.
Kaori: Kikka Academy students are normally not permitted entry inside here.
Kaori: Make sure you don't leave this room. If you do, you might be stopped by security.
Satoru: Alright.
Kaori: Mitsukasa-san.
Ayase: Oh, um, yes.
Kaori: This will likely take a while, so I want you to return to school. I'll escort you out of the building.
Kaori: Also, don't worry about reporting to the school. I'll contact them shortly and explain everything.
Ayase: But I, um...
Kaori: I understand your concern, but there is nothing more you can do by being here.
Kaori: I also imagine some of Arihara-kun's friends and peers might be worried about his absence.
Kaori: Could I please ask you to inform them of the situation?
Ayase: Okay.
Ayase: I'm sorry, but I have to leave now, Arihara-kun.
Satoru: No worries. Thanks for bringing me here.
Ayase: Alright. I'll see you later, then.
Kaori: I'll be back shortly, Arihara-kun.
Satoru: Okay.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: *sigh* Really sticky situation I've found myself in.
*I'd have a big problem on my hands if she found out about my real ability through this examination.*
*She said it'd just basically be like a checkup at the doctor's, so I SHOULDN'T have to worry about that...*
*Still, I should prepare an excuse in advance on the off-chance that she does ask questions.*
Satoru: Hmm. So this is the research center?
*I'm currently alone. In other words, this is a golden opportunity.*
*I'd love to assess the layout and security of the place, but I don't know if that's a wise idea...*
Satoru: Yeah, I probably shouldn't.
*I was carried here while unconscious, so I have no clue where in the building I am.*
*Add onto that the fact that she specifically stressed that I stay here, saying I'm likely to be caught by security if I leave.*
*Yeah, the wise call would be to wait here obediently.*
Satoru: Man, though. Mitsukasa-san seemed really depressed.
*She's probably feeling partly responsible for all this.*
*After all, I got those injuries in the process of protecting her.*
*But the way I see it, it's all part of the mission.*
*And said mission was a success; we captured her attackers. We couldn't have hoped for a better outcome.*
Satoru: I'm perfectly fine with how everything went down, so she really doesn't need to feel guilty...
*Then again, I guess I did fall unconscious right in front of her, and I can see how that'd shake a person up.*
*This is my first experience with anemia, so it caught me off-guard.*
Satoru: I feel a little bad for her now.
Kaori: Alright. I'm back, Arihara-kun.
Kaori: I'd like to go ahead and get started. Please come over here.
Satoru: Okay.
Kaori: I've obtained the results for all the tests you took today. Once again, thanks for your cooperation.
Satoru: Was there anything unusual?
Kaori: No, nothing of note, strange as it is. Your hemoglobin levels are slightly lower than average, but other than that, everything is perfectly fine.
Satoru: Oh, okay. That's good to hear.
Kaori: Good in what sense? You seem to misunderstand; this only further adds to the mystery.
Kaori: Your hemoglobin levels wouldn't drop for no reason.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Well, I don't know what to tell you...
Satoru: Exhaustion, maybe? I mean, things were pretty hectic leading up to the fair... Could be stress-related.
Kaori: Stress doesn't affect hemoglobin levels.
Satoru: So it's something else. Hmm, I really don't have any idea.
Kaori: Since the tests haven't revealed anything, our only option is to conclude that it's the result of an accumulation of various minor factors.
Kaori: It also doesn't seem to be a side-effect of your ability.
Satoru: Can I leave now, then?
Kaori: Hmm, I suppose so. Let's give it some time and see what happens.
Kaori: Normally, anemia will disappear within a day or two as long as you eat and sleep properly.
Kaori: I'll also send the results to a medical lab and have them analyze them, just in case I missed anything.
Kaori: I really wish I could give you a blood transfusion, but we don't store blood packs here.
Satoru: I should be fine without that.
Satoru: I'm already feeling a lot better.
Kaori: I'll also give you some medicine to take.
Kaori: Wait here one moment.
Satoru: This is far enough. I should be able to make it back on my own from here.
Kaori: Alright.
Kaori: Just to be on the safe side, I'd advise resting in your room for the remainder of the day. Also, I know I said it already, but make sure to eat and get a good night's sleep.
Kaori: If you're still experiencing dizziness come tomorrow, please come and report back to me. Does that sound good?
Satoru: Alright. I'll do that.
Kaori: Also, no sudden motions. Avoid standing up rapidly and working yourself up.
Satoru: Yeah, I'll take it easy the rest of the day.
Kaori: I'll more than likely need to conduct a follow-up examination in a few days, so I'll contact you when that needs to be done.
Satoru: Okay.
Kaori: Have a good day, then.
*It really was just like a doctor's check-up.*
*I did have to use my ability a few times, but that was only to see if it had a noticeable effect on my health.*
Satoru: Should be safe to assume my secret is still safe.
Satoru: She also gave me this medicine, but yeah, I probably don't need to take it.
*I'll probably be fine come tomorrow.*
Satoru: Alright. So what now...
*I'd love to help with the festival clean-up, but I'm not exactly in the best condition right now.*
Satoru: Guess I'll just go back to my room and rest like she told me to.
Satoru: Phew. I'm a bit worn out after that.
*Now that I'm finally back, I can unwind.*
*But, before I can plop down on my bed, someone knocks on my door.*
Satoru: Yeah?
Nanami: Satoru-kun, are you alright?!
Satoru: Nanami?
*The second I open the door, she barges inside.*
*Actually, she's not alone.*
*Nijouin-san, Mayu-senpai, Kyouhei and even Mibu-san.*
Hazuki: What did I tell you this morning?!
Chisaki: Since you're back here, that means you're better now, right? That's such a relief...
Mayu: Yeah. Mitsukasa-san said it was just anemia, but you blacked out. That's scary stuff.
Hazuki: So what were the results of your checkup?
Satoru: E-Err, they said I'd be fine in a day or two.
Satoru: What are all you guys doing here, though?
Nanami: What do you THINK?! We were worried out of our minds because we were told you collapsed!
Nanami: We really wanted to go see you immediately, but we couldn't enter the research building, so we had no choice but to wait...
Kyouhei: Nanami-chan was on the verge of tears.
Satoru: Oh...
Satoru: I'm sorry, guys. I never expected that I'd just... black out.
Satoru: But the checkup went fine and they said it's nothing to worry about.
Nanami: I hope so.
Mayu: But there had to be a reason why you got anemic in the first place, right?
Mayu: Is it some disease, maybe? Something that'd make your body slowly hemorrhage... Wait! You don't have a hemorrhoid, do you?!
Satoru: Not as far as I know.
Mayu: Hemorrhoids are becoming increasingly common in our modern-day society where everyone sits in chairs for hours daily. Don't feel embarrassed about it.
Satoru: I just said I don't have a hemorrhoid! Listen to me, please!
Satoru: Kakimoto-sensei had similar concerns, but the results didn't show any sort of disease whatsoever!
Mayu: Oh, okay. That's nice. Well, I guess collapsing isn't really "nice" no matter how you slice it.
Chisaki: So did they figure out what caused the anemia?
Satoru: Uhh... They said it was a combination of various things?
Satoru: As long as I eat and get lots of sleep, I'll be fine.
Chisaki: Oh, okay. Well, as long as it's nothing too serious.
Nanami: Satoru-kun, c'mere.
Satoru: Yeah?
Nanami: Was it your injuries from yesterday? They didn't, um, open up again, did they?
Satoru: Nah, you healed everything perfectly, I think I just lost too much blood.
Nanami: Okay. That's good.
Satoru: Thank goodness you healed me, otherwise I probably would've lost more blood. And it might've gone beyond just anemia then.
Satoru: So yeah, don't beat yourself up over it. You did everything you could've.
Nanami: Okay, thanks... I guess this is good to know. My ability can heal wounds, but not restore lost blood...
Satoru: Hmm, I'd say it's probably too early to jump to that conclusion.
Satoru: If you focus on the blood instead of the wounded area when you're boosting the person's natural healing ability, you might be able to do something like increase their blood production.
Nanami: Oh, let me try that, then!
Satoru: No, we'd better not. It might rouse some suspicions if I get over it almost instantly.
Nanami: Yeah, I guess you have a point.
Nanami: Alright, I won't do it. But call me immediately if you need something, okay?
Satoru: Of course. Thanks, Nanami.
Nanami: Mhm.
Satoru: So how's the cleanup going?
Kyouhei: All taken care of. We already knew we'd have a way easier time taking our stuff down than the other kids who did stalls and cafes.
Satoru: But you still had to clean the pool, right? That was the condition for being able to use that space.
Kyouhei: It probably would've been a lot of work, but luckily we had Nijouin-san.
Satoru: Oh right, her ability.
Kyouhei: And Mitsukasa-san handled the trash with her ability. She lifted it up, gathered it all in one place, and then we just collected it. Didn't take much time at all.
Kyouhei: I actually felt kinda bad for not being able to do much of anything.
Kyouhei: The only real problem was nobody could concentrate 'cause we were all so worried about you.
Satoru: Sorry. I guess I kinda left all the cleaning to you guys.
Kyouhei: I was just kidding, man. I don't actually think that.
Kyouhei: Everyone gets sick, and friends are supposed to help each other in times like those. So don't let it get to you. You're all good.
Satoru: Right. Thanks, man.
Kyouhei: Just focus on getting all the rest you can right now.
Mayu: Yeah, you're right. We probably shouldn't overstay our visit.
Satoru: You really don't have to worry about that. I'm mostly recovered.
Nanami: Oh no you don't, Satoru-kun. Hop into bed and rest until you're FULLY recovered. Alright?
Satoru: Come on, you're making a mountain out of a molehill.
Nanami: Onii-chan!
Satoru: Okay. I'll lie down.
Nanami: That's what I like to hear.
All Three: ......
Chisaki: Heh.
Nanami: Wh-What? Did I say something weird?
Chisaki: Oh no, it's just so adorable watching you talk with your brother. You're like a totally different person when you're with him.
Nanami: Ahh?!
Chisaki: You just can't defy Nanami-chan, can you?
Satoru: I've always been weak against my little sister's tears.
Nanami: Wha--?! I'm not some crybaby!
Hazuki: I must agree. You're completely different when around him.
Nanami: Nghhh!
Chisaki: No need to feel embarrassed. You're super cute when you're assertive. Ehehe.
Mayu: Yeah, I agree. Being close with your brother's nothing to be ashamed of.
Nanami: That isn't the issue here, at all!
Kyouhei: Well, I know what you mean. Some things are just embarrassing for these inexplicable reasons.
Chisaki: You can relate, Suou-senpai?
Kyouhei: Most teenage guys feel the same way when they're seen together with their mom.
Chisaki: Oh, I see.
Mayu: Alright guys, let's carry on the conversation outside.
Mayu: Alright, we're gonna be leaving now. Rest up and get well soon.
Satoru: Yeah, thanks for visiting.
Chisaki: Make sure to call one of us if you need help with something.
Kyouhei: I'm right next door, so just knock on the wall and I'll be right on over.
Hazuki: And let this be a lesson not to push yourself.
Nanami: I'll come back and check on you again a little later.
Mayu: Avoid strenuous movement and don't get excited. So, no masturbating once we leave, okay?
Satoru: I'm NOT doing that!
Satoru: Agh, damn it. Now I feel all dizzy 'cause I raised my voice...
Mayu: I just told you not to get excited.
Satoru: And whose fault do you think that is?!
Mayu: Haha, sorry. Bad habit of mine. I wasn't teasing you on purpose, I promise...
Mayu: I'll watch what I say in the future. But anyways, get some rest. See you later.
*And finally the last of the group, Mayu-senpai, leaves. I'm now all alone.*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: I wonder where Mitsukasa-san was?
*Well, she was with me in the research building and she knows what caused it.*
*She probably wasn't as worried as the others because of that.*
*I guess it makes sense in that sense why she didn't come, but still...*
Satoru: I would've expected her to come with everyone...
*Maybe she still feels responsible?*
*Man, it's really not her fault...*
Satoru: *sigh*
Satoru: I'm so bored.
*I got a lot of sleep last night, so I'm not tired in the slightest.*
*What do I even do now?*
*Everyone told me to stay in bed, so going outside probably wouldn't be a good idea.*
Satoru: Guess I'll just stay in here...
*Not a second later, I hear a knock on my door again.*
Satoru: Yeah?
Ayase: Can I come in?
Satoru: Sure.
Ayase: Sorry to bother you when you're supposed to be resting...
Satoru: Nah, it's fine.
Satoru: I was actually getting kinda bored anyways.
Ayase: Oh.
Satoru: So do you need something?
Satoru: The others just left a moment ago. I noticed you weren't with them.
Ayase: I went out and bought some iron-rich snacks. That should help with your anemia, so eat them when you have a chance.
Satoru: Oh, thanks.
Satoru: So is that why you weren't with the others?
Ayase: Kind of, but I also wanted to talk about something.
Satoru: Something... in private?
Ayase: Yeah.
Ayase: I'm so, so sorry.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: *sigh*
Ayase: Wha--?! Hey, why'd you sigh at me?!
Satoru: I just KNEW that's what this would be about.
Satoru: Look, this wasn't your fault. The injuries and the anemia are both consequences of my job.
Satoru: You have no reason to feel bad or responsible in any way.
Ayase: But you only got injured 'cause you took my place.
Satoru: Yeah, and that was my mission. I was SUPPOSED to disguise myself as you and lure out the bad guys.
Satoru: Me getting injured in the process was just a consequence of the circumstances.
Ayase: Well, I still need to apologize to you for one other thing.
Satoru: Hmm? What's that?
Ayase: Right before you collapsed, I accused you of touching me on purpose instead of believing you... I feel like that was very rude of me.
Ayase: And, I mean, you touched my... pa-pa-pa-pa... p-pads... instead of my actual boobs, so...
*Wow, she just admitted it herself!*
Ayase: My response was totally unjustified.
Satoru: I mean, it's not like I blacked out because you hit me or something.
Satoru: It may have been an accident, but I still owe you an apology. I shouldn't have touched you there, pads or not.
Ayase: Arihara-kun...
Ayase: Why do I feel like that apology was just a thinly-veiled excuse to make fun of me?
*I just repeated what she said herself. Why?*
Satoru: Well, the point is, it just doesn't sit well with me seeing you act all sad and apologetic over this.
Satoru: Cheer up. Everything's gonna be fine.
Ayase: Fine.
Ayase: By the way, you didn't hurt your head when you fell down, did you?
Satoru: I don't think so.
Satoru: The checkup didn't show anything, so I should be fine.
Ayase: Okay. That's good to know.
Ayase: I guess I'll be heading out then.
Satoru: Leaving already?
Ayase: Well, you probably wanna get some rest, and you can't do that with me here.
Satoru: Honestly, I'd rather talk with you.
Satoru: Like I said earlier, I've been seriously bored.
Ayase: Oh? Well, I like spending time with you, so I'll stay if you want me to.
Satoru: Oh, um, you do?
Ayase: Huh? Did I say somethin' weird?
Satoru: Err, it wasn't really WEIRD, per se...
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Hm?
Ayase: Nhhhhhh!
Ayase: Th-Th-Th-Th-That's not was I was saying! Do not interpret that as a confession!
Ayase: I just meant I enjoy being able to be myself when I talk to someone!
Satoru: Oh, okay. I feel pretty comfortable when I'm talking to you too.
Ayase: Y-Yeah, that's what I meant! Same here. S-So don't take that in some weird way, okay?!
*I never did.*
*It's just, well, hearing a girl say something like "I like being around you" really makes your heart skip a beat.*
Ayase: ......
Satoru: ......
Ayase: Hey...
Satoru: Yeah?
Ayase: Why do you gotta go silent on me? That makes me feel like I DID confess to you. And it's really embarrassing.
Satoru: I mean, what do you want me to do?
Ayase: What? You told me to stay 'cause you wanted someone to talk to.
Ayase: Can you really not think of anything to talk about?
Satoru: I dunno, I kinda just wanted to chat...
*Chatting with a girl, just me and her.*
*I've hardly ever been in a situation like this outside of missions.*
*I know I shouldn't be saying this when I'm the one who asked her to stay and talk with me--but what AM I supposed to talk about with a girl?*
Satoru: What are your hobbies?
Ayase: What is this, a blind date?
Satoru: Where are you from?
Ayase: Seriously, stop!
Satoru: Sorry. I just kinda realized I never start conversations with people, so I have no clue what to talk about...
Ayase: Hm. Then can I ask you something?
Satoru: Sure. I'd really appreciate it.
Ayase: Why are you in that line of work?
Satoru: What do you mean, why?
Ayase: Well, it's a pretty unconventional job, plus you're still in school.
Ayase: So I guess I'm just curious how you ended up there despite how young you are.
Satoru: Umm...
Ayase: You're not allowed to talk about it?
Satoru: Well, there are some things that are confidential, yeah...
Satoru: But that's not really the issue. My past is kinda... embarrassing. I used to be a colossal idiot.
Satoru: I really want to forget about it and just... pretend it never happened.
Ayase: It's that bad?
Satoru: Well, you see, I'm an orphan.
Ayase: What?
Satoru: I don't even remember my parents' faces. But they at least gave me my name. That's what the orphanage director told me.
Satoru: I've been adopted since, but I used to live in an orphanage when I was younger.
Satoru: Honestly, I don't really know why my biological parents abandoned me.
Satoru: Maybe there were extenuating circumstances that forced them to, maybe it was financial issues... or maybe they just couldn't stomach that their child was an Astral.
Satoru: I honestly believe the last one was probably the biggest reason.
Ayase: W-Wait, slow down!
Satoru: Huh?
Ayase: I'm sorry, I only asked out of an idle curiosity. I didn't mean to bring all these personal things out of you.
Ayase: You don't have to talk about all this if you don't feel comfortable doing that.
Satoru: I'm not really trying to hide my being an orphan. The school's been made aware of it.
Satoru: I'm pretty sure Kakimoto-sensei knows.
Ayase: Well, yeah... but you said you wanted to pretend it never happened.
Satoru: I've gotten more comfortable discussing it as time's gone on. Back then, when I was a kid, it really... bothered me.
Satoru: I'd constantly ask myself why I was born an Astral? Why was I so unlucky?
Satoru: I had this sort of rebellious phase where I'd do really reckless stuff in my quest to find answers to those questions.
Satoru: The specific part I want to forget is the stuff I did back then. I cringe just looking back on it.
Ayase: Oh.
Satoru: So anyway, one day I learned about this secret organization, and figured maybe I could use these powers for good if I joined them.
Satoru: So yeah, it was partially on impulse, but I accepted their offer right away.
Satoru: And that's basically the long and short of how I ended up where I am.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: I'm sorry I made you tell me all these personal things about you.
Satoru: Look. I mean, if I didn't want to tell you, I just wouldn't have.
Satoru: I don't really mind you knowing about me.
Ayase: But why?
Satoru: Why? Well... that's a little hard to answer, honestly. No reason in particular... or at least, not that I'm aware of.
Satoru: If I had to say something... I guess I just felt no reluctance when you asked, so I told you.
Ayase: Oh?
Satoru: I guess I kind of... see you as something like a kindred spirit.
Ayase: You see me as a kindred spirit?
Ayase: Oh, because my chest is flat like a guy's? You want me to slam your face into this wall, punk-ass?!
Satoru: Why do you always interpret what I say in the most negative way imaginable?!
Ayase: Look, I know you can't see it, but I DO have tits! They're there! There's actual softness there!
Satoru: I did NOT ask for that information!
Satoru: I wasn't talking about physical similarities, alright? I meant we're kindred spirits in the sense that we both know each other's secret.
Ayase: Oh, right. That makes more sense.
Satoru: But I guess that does kinda come across as a little overly familiar.
Satoru: Sorry. I probably shoulda thought before I said that.
Ayase: Huh? W-Wait, you're putting words into my mouth.
Ayase: I was the one who jumped to weird conclusions; it's my fault. Don't apologize, or you're just gonna make me feel bad...
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Umm...
Satoru: Hm?
Ayase: Umm, you see. I'm what people call an illegitimate child.
Satoru: You are? Wait. What? Where is this coming from?
Ayase: My father had a wife who wasn't my mom, and they had a kid together... So basically I grew up with a half-sister who I knew had a different mother than me.
Ayase: So, like you... I often wondered why I was born.
Ayase: And, like you find your job... I also found something I thought to be my calling.
Ayase: That's why I do all those interviews and let myself be the school's "poster girl"... even I don't particularly enjoy it.
Ayase: If I lead as an example and gain society's acceptance... then I believe maybe we can achieve a world where Astrals aren't discriminated against.
Satoru: O-Oh, okay.
Satoru: But why are you telling me all this stuff about yourself?
Ayase: Good question. I don't really know... if I'm being honest.
Ayase: After hearing your story, I felt obligated to share something in return. Maybe I just still felt a little guilty about making you reveal all those personal details...
Ayase: And... I guess I also... feel a "kindred spirit" in you too.
Ayase: Let's just say things are even between us and secrets... That work for you?
Satoru: If it works for you, it works for me.
Ayase: Good. I want us to be on equal footing.
Ayase: Otherwise I'd feel reprehensible whenever I see your face from now on.
Satoru: Alright. That works for me.
Satoru: I wouldn't want this to affect our friendship.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: You know... you're really kinda weird.
Satoru: How so?
Ayase: You want to be friends with someone as cynical and short-tempered as I am...
Ayase: Don't guys usually prefer girls who are sweet and cutesy?
Satoru: I dunno, maybe it's because I feel like I don't need to be someone I'm not when I'm with you.
Satoru: It's like you're one of my bros... Okay, not exactly, but you get my point. I don't get overly conscious of the fact that you're a girl, and I can speak more comfortably because of that.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: I feel like that wasn't much of a compliment. You basically implied I'm not much of a girl...
Satoru: Ah, I just remembered I forgot to offer you tea. Gimme a sec, I'll go make some.
Ayase: You're trying to weasel your way out of this, aren't you? You are. I know you are.
Satoru: Hmm, but I don't have any snacks other than the ones you brought.
Ayase: You're toootally ignoring me on purpose.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Tea or milk... I guess you'd prefer milk?
Ayase: Oh, and what are you trying to imply? That I should drink milk because I'm flat?
Satoru: I wasn't insinuating anything by that.
Ayase: I drink milk every day, for your information. Milk AND soy milk. And when I take baths I even give myself chest massages. I'm doing everything in my power.
Ayase: Yet NOTHING... Gah, dammit!
Satoru: Do those massages even do anything?
Ayase: I don't know, but trying is better than doing nothing--or so I'd like to believe... I haven't seen any noticeable effect yet.
Ayase: Massaging my boobs every day gets really exhausting after a while.
Satoru: Oh?
Ayase: Yeah, you gotta gather the fat from your back... You start from the shoulder blade, then slide your hand over to the chest towards your boob. Then do the other side.
Ayase: Oh, and that's not all! You gotta do it from above and below too!
Ayase: Hey! Why am I explaining all this crap to a guy?!
Satoru: Man, you really are doing everything in your power. What a tragic tale...
Ayase: I don't want your pity, I want TITS!
Satoru: I don't have tits to give you right now, but I have something else that comes out when you squeeze on tits.
Ayase: Wow, what was that? Some sad attempt at a joke? Stop looking at me all smug like that. That wasn't funny at all.
Satoru: I wasn't trying to look smug. But whatever. Tea or milk, what do you want?
Ayase: Fine... tea then.
Ayase: Going with milk after that conversation would be like admitting defeat.
*We engaged in a bit of small talk as I made the tea.*
*Those questions she called "blind date questions" earlier even came up, and we talked about them.*
*All we did was talk about mundane things, nothing special, but this time felt incredibly precious to me.*
Ayase: Oh, this tea is pretty good. Kelp tea with plum?
Satoru: Yeah, I like the salty taste. Maybe it's because I'm always so physically active.
Ayase: You can really taste the perilla flavor... This stuff is seriously good.
Satoru: I'm glad you like it.
Ayase: Makes me feel nice and relaxed...
Satoru: I guess you could say... it makes you more chat-tea.
Ayase: ......
Satoru: ......
Ayase: Wipe that smug grin off your face. Okay?
Satoru: What are you talking about? I'm not making a smug face.
Ayase: Chat-tea? Wow, that was a bad pun if I've ever seen one! Sheesh, that was so lame I'm about to cry.
Satoru: Well, sorry. If it makes you feel any better, I regretted saying it the moment it left my mouth.
Ayase: The terribleness of that pun almost overshadowed the deliciousness of the tea. As punishment, I request another cup.
Satoru: Yeah, sure.
Ayase: Woohoo! Thank ya.
Satoru: I can give you some to take back with you, if you want.
Ayase: Hmm. Nah.
Satoru: Don't feel shy, I have more than enough.
Ayase: I'll just have you make some for me when I get the craving for some again. How does that sound?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Fine, but I'm not giving you snacks to go with it. I'm not that generous.
Ayase: No worries. I wasn't expecting you to.
Satoru: That really hurts when you say that with a smile.
Ayase: Ahaha. You really don't need to worry about being overly nice and considerate.
Ayase: I really like this kind of casual, easygoing relationship we have going.
Satoru: Oh.
*Seeing her able to be herself puts a smile on my face.*
*The only people I'm able to talk this casually with are Nanami and my dad.*
*I like this.*
*I think most normal kids my age have friends like this with whom they can just talk about everyday things.*
*We kept chatting away in my room until it grew dark out.*
*It was all silly, mundane things we talked about.*
*But the cozy feeling I felt was something that lingered on.*
*.........*
*......*
*...*
Ayase: What exactly made it so much fun?
*We drank tea together and ate snacks.*
*Chatting about silly, mundane stuff.*
*But I found myself smiling before I knew it.*
*Sometimes there were lapses of silence, but there was nothing awkward about it.*
*I was enjoying myself being there with him.*
*And I'm confused about why I felt that way.*
Ayase: I really don't get it.
*Why did I enjoy it so much?*
*Why do I unintentionally smile when I think back on it?*
*Why do I find myself thinking I wanna spend more time with him?*
Ayase: He can be super rude, but...
*I mean, he pisses me off a lot with some of the crap he says.*
*Sometimes I only get the urge to just... smack him.*
Ayase: But then why am I so accepting of him?
*......*
*Oh, so that's it... I'm "accepting" him, letting him inside.*
*I'm letting him inside the wall I've been putting up all this time.*
*That's... probably why I feel so relaxed and at ease around him.*
Ayase: Am I a masochist or something?
Ayase: I mean, he's rude as all hell... but I feel relaxed around him?
*Despite those words, the corner of my lips are still curled in a smile.*
*Maybe I'm the weird one, actually?*
================================================================================
Satoru: ......
Mayu: Okay, we're all done.
*I'm currently getting checked to see if my anemia is still present.*
*The tests are over with, and Mayu-senpai combs the results with a pleased grin on her face.*
*It's been a couple days since I passed out. I've eaten properly through the day and slept plenty at night.*
*It seemed to have worked. All the symptoms, including the dizziness, disappeared.*
*I guess it really was the blood loss from that skirmish.*
Mayu: Your facial complexion looks fine and the test numbers indicate nothing out of the ordinary.
Mayu: You should be able to go back to being physically active now. But still, it's so strange. I wonder what even caused that anemia in the first place?
Satoru: No idea. Probably what Kakimoto-sensei said: a combination of various factors.
Mayu: Okay, but make sure to let me know right away if you start feeling funny.
Satoru: Yeah, will do.
Satoru: I don't want a repeat scenario to happen, so I'll tell you if I notice anything.
Mayu: Good.
Mayu: Uhh... I checked that, measured that.
Mayu: I also measured your link value there at the end, which came out at 57, so practically the same as last time. Perfect.
Mayu: That makes everything. Now I just have to send all this ti Kakimoto-sensei and we'll be done.
Satoru: Hm, can I ask you something?
Mayu: Sure. What do you wanna know?
Satoru: You mentioned my link value being the same as a good sign, so does the value usually go down when you're sick?
Mayu: Nope. Sickness has no effect on the link value.
Mayu: Actually, it's not supposed to fluctuate ever. Ah, though environmental conditions are an exception. So like when you're in water, for example.
Satoru: Even if you train and hone your skills it won't go up?
Mayu: The prevailing belief is that it's impossible.
Mayu: That also applies to ability enhancement, by the way.
Mayu: You can get better at USING your ability, but its basic capabilities will never change.
Satoru: Now that you mention it, I don't think I've ever heard a story of someone's ability "evolving" or even changing.
Mayu: Yep. But the reason why we check the link value is precisely because it's supposed to remain static.
Mayu: If changes are detected, that means something could be very, very wrong.
Satoru: Oh, I see.
Mayu: Then again, this is all just a hypothesis.
Mayu: Link value research is still in its infancy, so there's not much established theory.
Satoru: Out of curiosity, what kind of stuff are astron researchers looking at?
Mayu: I'd say the majority of research these days is focused on artificially recreating abilities to use in technology.
Mayu: There's also a fair amount of research being done on Astrals. Scientists are curious about things like ability enhancement, multi-ability possession, artificial induction of abilities in non-Astrals, and stuff like that.
Mayu: It's basically just experimentation with things that are currently deemed impossible.
*She then continues to list off a multitude of other examples.*
Mayu: Any of those topics pique your interest? I'd be glad to take you under my wing and teach you all sorts of stuff!
Satoru: Hmm... I'll consider it once I'm more up to pace with my classes.
Satoru: I'm still struggling with regular classes, so I don't know if adding more on top of that would be a good idea.
Mayu: Fair enough. Just hit me up if you change your mind.
Mayu: I'll always be waiting for ya.
Satoru: Thanks. I appreciate it.
Satoru: Alright then. I'll probably be leaving now. What are you gonna do?
Mayu: I gotta go give your test results to Kakimoto-sensei.
Mayu: Oh, sorry, but you won't be able to come with me. I'm going to the research building, not the faculty room.
Satoru: I thought students weren't allowed to enter the research building?
Mayu: Little ole me has SPECIAL PERMISSION! Surprise, surprise. I kinda have to, since I do research and all. Perks of repeating all those years, I guess you could say.
Mayu: ......
Mayu: I was trying to brag there, but on second thought--getting held back is the last thing you want to be proud of. Ugh, now I just feel depressed...
Satoru: I mean, there's no shame in that if you have a legitimate reason.
Mayu: Thanks. And honestly, I'm kinda glad I repeated those years now.
Satoru: Hm?
Mayu: I got to meet you again because of it.
Satoru: Mayu-senpai...
Satoru: I don't consider that a good thing at all.
Mayu: Aww, just look at you.
Mayu: You're such a tsundere. Honestly, that part of you hasn't changed one bit.
Satoru: You wonder why I say that when all you do is constantly bring up my childhood at every given opportunity...
Mayu: Ahaha. Sorry 'bout that. I'll try my utmost to refrain from teasing you that way in the future.
Satoru: You've said that a million times already. Seriously, one of these times you need to actually stop...
Mayu: Alrighty. I'm off to the research building. Catch ya later.
Satoru: See you.
*I leave the room alongside Mayu-senpai, then return to my classroom to fetch my book bag which I left there.*
Kyouhei: Oh, there he is.
Hazuki: You were gone for quite some time. Did she detect some sort of issue?
Chisaki: Is everything okay, Senpai?
Satoru: You guys waited for me?
Ayase: We would feel too anxious if we left without knowing the test results.
Nanami: Yeah, so we all figured we'd just wait here for you.
Ayase: So how did it go?
Satoru: Great. No issues at all.
Satoru: Mayu-senpai said everything looked normal.
Ayase: Phew. That's a relief...
Kyouhei: I already figured you were fine since you didn't look sick anymore, but yeah.
Kyouhei: Hearing actual confirmation is good.
Kyouhei: Now I'll be able to eat big again!
Satoru: What? You've been eating as much as you've always been.
Kyouhei: Are you blind? I was only getting TWO extra helpings! Now I'll be able to go back to four.
Nanami: I'm honestly amazed that you can put that much food in your stomach day after day...
Nanami: I feel like we should start worrying about YOUR health instead of Satoru-kun's.
Chisaki: I was really worried about you too, Senpai! So much so that I've only been getting eight hours of sleep for the past few days!
Satoru: Eight hours is plenty, though.
Chisaki: Well, now I'll be able to go back to ten, plus my usual afternoon naps, so I'll be in good shape!
Ayase: Are you saying that you nap during class time?
Hazuki: Sleeping during class is unacceptable, Chisaki-kun. You need to pay attention.
Chisaki: Come on, I was just kidding. Don't get mad at me.
Nanami: Huh? I feel like I see you sleeping in class fairly often...
Chisaki: Oh, come on, Nanami-chan! Stop lying to them! You're going to get me in trouble!
Chisaki: Wanna come over here with me for a second? We need to have a little talk.
Satoru: Well, I know you guys were worried, but thankfully the results said I'm fine.
Satoru: Thanks for all the well wishes.
Hazuki: We're just glad to see that you've recovered.
Ayase: I agree.
Chisaki: But don't use that as an excuse to stay up late, you hear me? Getting a good night's sleep is very important.
Hazuki: You are right; sleep is critically important.
Hazuki: But there is such a thing as sleeping TOO much, Chisaki-kun.
Chisaki: Ugh... I'm sorry.
Kyouhei: Alright. Everyone ready to head back to the dorm?
Satoru: Yep.
Kyouhei: Phew! Finally back!
Canteen Lady: Oh, why hello there, kids.
*Upon entering the dorm, we're greeted by one of the cafeteria ladies who's standing in the lobby.*
Kyouhei: Oh, what are you doing out here?
Canteen Lady: I was about to go and distribute the packages and mail given to me by the security people. 
Hazuki: Ah, I can do that for you.
Canteen Lady: Oh, will you? Thanks.
Canteen Lady: I need to get back to working on dinner for tonight.
Kyouhei: What are we having?
Canteen Lady: I think you should know the answer to that.
Nanami: Oh, I can smell it in the air.
Chisaki: It's gotta be curry.
Ayase: It smells fantastic.
Canteen Lady: I've been letting it stew for hours. Should be nice and creamy by the time it's ready!
Kyouhei: Ohh, that's gonna be great!
Canteen Lady: Alright, I better go back and check on it. It'll be ready here in a bit, so come on down when you're ready.
*She then walks back toward the canteen area.*
Satoru: Is distributing the mail part of the cafeteria ladies' jobs?
Hazuki: It is supposed to be my duty as the dorm manager, but I have classes to attend during the day.
Hazuki: They're kind enough to help out whenever I'm not present to do the job.
Satoru: Oh, I see.
Satoru: Here, I'll help you out. It'd probably take you forever if you did it alone.
Kyouhei: Yeah, we're heading up in that direction anyway, so give us all the stuff for the guys and we'll take care of it.
Hazuki: Thank you very much.
Chisaki: I'll help too.
Nanami: I'd love to help, but I... still haven't associated names with room numbers yet. Oh, but I can help you carry some of the packages if you tell me where they're going.
Hazuki: Thank you. I appreciate the sentiment, but if I have all of you help, there will be nothing left for me to do.
Hazuki: I should be able to handle all of the mail for the girls on my own. 
Hazuki: Hmm, let's take a look and see... Oh, Mitsukasa-san.
Ayase: Yes?
Hazuki: There is a package addressed to you. Here.
Ayase: Oh, nice... Thank you very much.
Kyouhei: Did you order something online?
Ayase: Yes. I pre-ordered it some time back, and it seems I completely forgot about it.
*She's holding the small box near to her chest.*
Kyouhei: Huh, that's interesting. What was it?
Ayase: Oh, nothing special.
*I'm also curious, but given that response, I probably shouldn't pry into it.*
Satoru: Okay, let's go deliver the guys' stuff.
Kyouhei: Yeah.
Ayase: I think I ate a little too much.
*After dinner, I came back up to my room. I'm currently sitting on my bed, groaning and clenching my stomach.*
Ayase: Man, that curry was great, though.
Ayase: Ahh, now all that's left is my bath and then I can relax for the rest of the day.
Ayase: But first! Let's take a teensy weensy little peek at what I got!
*The package I received is lying on my table.*
*I pick it up, then open it.*
*And what I find inside is...*
Ayase: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Ryuunosuke: "Glad to hear that you're better."
Satoru: It was basically like a hospital checkup, if that makes sense.
Ryuunosuke: "What's wrong with that? Getting your body checked up on every now and then is good for your health."
Satoru: Well, yeah, but I was worried they might find out about my ability.
Ryuunosuke: "So I assume that means they didn't?"
Satoru: Yeah. Most of the tests were physical. A few ability-related things, but mostly minor stuff.
Ryuunosuke: "Still, we should take this as a wake-up call."
Ryuunosuke: "There's a chance that they'll do more thorough testing on your ability at some point."
Satoru: True.
Ryuunosuke: "We can discuss plans for that at a later date, though. Anything else to report?"
Satoru: No, that was all.
Satoru: Things are still nice and peaceful, and I'm enjoying myself.
Ryuunosuke: "Great to hear."
Satoru: Any developments on your end?
Satoru: You haven't figured out anything new about the missing Astrals, have you?
Ryuunosuke: "No progress so to speak of. We've gotten a fair bit of information out of the fellas we captured, but nothing piecing it to that."
Ryuunosuke: "Oh, right. We figured out who the organization they were working for is."
Ryuunosuke: "We're currently in the process of tracking down the last remaining members, but it should be safe to say that Mitsukasa Ayase is no longer in danger."
Satoru: Alright. Good to hear that things are going well on that front.
*It's still somewhat worrying that the missing Astrals case is starting to go cold, though...*
*Well, we've caught the perpetrators, so at the very least, there shouldn't be any new victims.*
Ryuunosuke: "If you're feeling up to it, I have a task for you to do."
Satoru: You want me to access the AIMS database again?
Ryuunosuke: "Nope, something else. One of our targets is hiding within Washizu Research City."
Ryuunosuke: "I'd like your assistance with capturing the guy. Think you could possibly sneak out of your dorm sometime at night?"
Satoru: Does it need to be done tonight?
Ryuunosuke: "No, that'd be far too short-notice. We only have a three-day window to carry out the operation, though."
Satoru: I'll have to consult with Levy Nine before I can say whether or not it'll be possible to evade the heavy security on campus.
Ryuunosuke: "Of course. Talk to her about that when you next get the chance."
Satoru: Alright. I'll do that as soon as possible.
Ryuunosuke: "Great."
Ryuunosuke: "That's all from me. I'll get back in touch with you tomorrow, same time."
Satoru: Copy that.
Ryuunosuke: "Out."
*After ending the call, I switch out the SIM card as always.*
Satoru: Alright. Now to--
*I'm about to call Nanami and ask her about the security, when--*
*The very second my fingers move, my phone starts to ring.*
*The caller is none other than...*
Satoru: Mitsukasa-san? What could she want?
Satoru: Hello?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Mitsukasa-san, are you there?
*Odd. I know I pressed accept, but she's not saying anything.*
Satoru: Hello? Hm, maybe she called me by accident?
*Sometimes people will unintentionally call someone when they leave their phone in their pocket and sit on it.*
Ayase: "Help... Help me!"
Satoru: Hngh?!
*The voice on the other end is feeble and fretful.*
*But her plea for help reached my ears loud and clear. My chest constricts as panic and fear overtake me.*
*Without a moment's delay, I hop out the window.*
*Boys are not allowed on girls' floors at this hour of the night.*
*Also, if the situation is dire enough, entering through the window might be a better option than entering through the door.*
*I push my ability to its maximum output as I scale the wall toward Mitsukasa-san's room.*
Satoru: Man, any random person seeing this would totally think I'm some sexual predator.
*Clinging to a girl's window in the dead of the night? Not the best look...*
*But that isn't important. I can't ignore her call for help.*
*With growing trepidation, I lean forward and peek inside the window.*
*The lights are out, so it's relatively difficult to make out anything.*
*But her TV monitor is turned on.*
*The light from that allows me to make out the silhouette of a person.*
*It's Mitsukasa-san, and she's sitting in the corner of the room shaking uncontrollably.*
Satoru: ......
*I've kept the call connected, just in case.*
*I try to listen carefully and pick up on any noises, but it's not giving me any more information than what I can already see.*
*The only sound is Mitsukasa-san's slight panting.*
*It doesn't look like she's been attacked or anything...*
Satoru: Mitsukasa-san.
Ayase: Ah?!
*I knock on the window from outside. She reacts with surprise, but quickly runs over and opens it.*
*The moment I climb in, I have to catch her as she practically leaps into my arms.*
Satoru: What's wrong? Keep calm and explain the situation.
Ayase: I-I was... I was attacked!
Satoru: What?! Do you know who they were?!
Ayase: I-It was them... Them!
*I look where she's pointing.*
*Zombies. A mob of them. Of course, they're on the TV screen.*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: What?
*The TV is on and I notice that her console is too.*
*She seems to have been playing some kind of zombie survival game.*
*A horde of them are swarming the dead character as the words "YOU ARE DEAD" flash in a deep red color across the screen.*
*I also happen to spot an opened package in a corner of the room.*
*So THAT'S what she ordered... Wait.*
Satoru: So, um, just so I know for sure... Why did you call me?
Ayase: I can't beat this stupid game. Like, I just keep dying, again and again, and I can't get past this part...
Ayase: So could you please help me?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: I'm leaving.
Ayase: H-H-H-Hey, wait up! Don't leave me here all alone!
Satoru: Your tone of voice seriously had me worried. And what, I rush up here only to find it's just... some game.
Ayase: You don't get it. This game is SERIOUSLY scary!
Satoru: Then why even play it in the first place?
Ayase: Well, I paid money for it, so I feel obligated to.
Satoru: I can understand that, but still...
Ayase: Also, I got kinda invested in the story so I couldn't put it down.
Satoru: Isn't the fun of video games playing them yourself? Why do you want me to do it for you?
Ayase: Dying over and over again can get irritating and super stressful after a while.
Ayase: And the zombies just scare the crap outta me... so my hands shake real bad, and it's hard for me to play.
Satoru: So you think I'll be able to do it?
Ayase: Yeah. I figured guys would be better at these sorta games...
Satoru: Okay, I understand what's going on. But, uhh...
Satoru: Could you not have just told me this when you called?
Satoru: I was so damn worried I climbed up the wall and peeked inside your window.
Ayase: Er, yeah... That's a fair point, but...
Ayase: I was getting eaten by the zombies right when I called you, so, err... I guess you could say my fear was at its peak?
Ayase: Sorry for everything.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: *sigh* Whatever. I'm just glad you're alright.
Satoru: I kinda flipped out when you told me what this was actually about, but I'm just glad you weren't in any real danger.
Ayase: You definitely weren't trying to hide how unhappy you were.
Ayase: I'm really sorry... I shouldn't have freaked out and called out.
Satoru: I mean, I'll admit that I'm a bit exasperated, but I'm not upset at you.
Satoru: You can call me whenever for whatever reason, emergency or not.
Satoru: I thought it was something more serious than it was, and that's why I reacted the way I did. So sorry.
Ayase: Right. Thanks, Arihara-kun.
Satoru: You're welcome.
Satoru: So you still want me to play this game?
Ayase: You will?
Satoru: I'm here, so I might as well.
Ayase: Thank you!
Satoru: On a slightly unrelated note, why are you playing in the dark?
Satoru: Seems to me like it'd be less scary if you had the lights on.
Ayase: Playing in the dark is proper etiquette for horror games. The feeling of constantly being on-edge knowing something could pop up at any moment, the feeling of tension when one mistake could instantly spell death.
Ayase: You have to be in the proper environment to physically FEEL that horror if you want the full experience.
Satoru: Sure, that's all fine and dandy, but isn't it kinda bad if you actually stress yourself out doing that?
Ayase: Nghhh!
Ayase: You're being really fussy right now. You're mad, aren't you?
Satoru: I'm not. I'm glad you came to me for help, honestly.
Satoru: But I really don't know if I'll be able to do anything...
Ayase: Are you bad with horror stuff too?
Satoru: Nah, I can handle scary stuff if it's fictional, but I'm, uh... not the best at video games.
Satoru: You'll have to teach me what the buttons do, 'cause I don't even know that.
Ayase: Oh, that shouldn't be a problem. Modern games are made to be really simple control-wise.
Ayase: They have a tutorial when you first start.
Satoru: Oh, that helps. Guess I'll give it a whirl then.
*I pick up the controller from off the ground.*
*Kinda worried about playing without knowing the controls... But no use worrying about that now.*
*I click on the menu option that says new game.*
*Just like Mitsukasa-san said, the game controls are all very simple.*
*As such, I think I've gotten a good-enough grasp of them.*
*You can jump and you can crouch. Sometimes you want to hide, other times you want to run away. That seems to be the gist of it.*
*There are no complex controls, so I should be able to manage just fine?*
Ayase: Eep! Kgh... ah... ugh...
Satoru: ......
*I'm playing the game, and Mitsukasa-san is beside me shivering in terror.*
*But she doesn't take her eyes off the screen for a moment.*
Ayase: *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*
Ayase: Ahh! What's happening?! What was that?!
Ayase: Oh, it was just a sound. God, that scared me.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Umm, Mitsukasa-san.
Ayase: Ahh! Wh-What?! Don't scare me like that!
Satoru: Sorry, didn't mean to give you a fright.
Satoru: Could you, uh, loosen up your grip a little?
Ayase: Oh.
*I guess the fear is so overwhelming she did it without realizing.*
*Her nails are digging into my arm she's holding, which hurts quite a bit.*
Ayase: Sorry, it was unintentional.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Umm, could I hold onto your arm, at least? I'll try not to squeeze too hard.
Ayase: Pretty please?
Satoru: ......
*She begs me with her gaze. At the moment, she's the very picture of a pretty, timid young girl.*
*Well, she's always pretty, though.*
Satoru: Sure.
Ayase: Thank you...
*I've never seen her this fearful before.*
*Hmm. Is this what the term "gap moe" refers to?*
*On top of that, we're alone in a room and she's holding onto my arm. Talk about adorable.*
*I can also... feel something pressing against my arm.*
*It's a sensation I've never felt before.*
Satoru: (Are these... her tits?)
*......*
*They're kinda hard, I have to say. I guess what I'm feeling is the pads?*
*Yeah, probably.*
*But why?*
*I know they're fake, yet my heart is racing. My chest is tightening.*
Ayase: Hmm? Arihara-kun?
Satoru: O-Oh, nothing. Ahem. I'll continue then.
Ayase: M-Mhm. Walk slow, though. Not too fast.
Ayase: I need time to brace myself for any potential jump scares.
Satoru: I'll try.
Satoru: Man, I gotta wonder. Why'd you even buy this game if you're so bad with scary stuff?
Ayase: I've already played most RPGs out there so I'm trying out new genres.
Satoru: Ohh, yeah. I remember you telling me that.
Ayase: I usually just quit after an hour or so if it's boring, but the story in this one's so good I HAVE to keep playing.
*Hm. Okay.*
*Can't say I understand the feeling of not wanting to put something down that scares you out of your mind.*
*But...*
Ayase: Haah... fooh... haah... fooh... Eek! Nnh.
Satoru: (Well, if she's enjoying herself, what do I care?)
*I resume playing the game as her heavy breaths tickle against my ear.*
*I'm having problems staying focused.*
*Sound plays a big factor in horror games.*
*Background music is usually absent, so the only sounds you can hear are things like footsteps, the rustling of cloth, and doors opening.*
*Which makes Mitsukasa-san's breathing all the more conspicuous... and naturally it grabs my attention.*
Satoru: ......
Ayase: Haah... haah... Ahh! Something's there!
Ayase: Oh, phew. False alarm. What a relief...
Satoru: By the way.
Ayase: Eep?!
*She jumps in response to my voice.*
*I guess I'm not gonna be able to talk while playing this game, huh?*
Satoru: Sorry, didn't mean to startle you.
Ayase: No, you're good. So, um, what'd you want?
Satoru: You sure you don't wanna play yourself?
Ayase: Yeah, definitely. The object of the game's to solve the mystery of the mansion while you run away from the zombies.
Ayase: It's kinda like a horror movie in a way, so I'm enjoying it just watching. 
Ayase: I mean, when I played it myself, my heart rate was--Oh god, they're coming! The zombies are coming!
Satoru: Oh, guess I gotta get the heck out of here.
*I quickly divert my attention back to the game and flee from the zombie swarm.*
*But... I'm having a damn hard time keeping my concentration from wavering.*
*The panting right next to my ear... The soft sensation of her hand gripping my arm...*
*I can physically feel her body's warmth...*
Ayase: *pant* *pant*... Ahh! Oh god, I saw something there just now!
Ayase: Huh? Y-You're going there? You sure 'bout that? Don't you wanna live?
Satoru: It's the only way forward, so I kinda have to.
Ayase: I know, but still...
Ayase: I don't know how you're this composed.
Satoru: I mean, I do get startled from jump scares and sudden noises, but uh. How should I put this...
Satoru: I go through a lot of this stuff on missions.
Satoru: Like, constantly worrying about people jumping out of doors, that kinda stuff.
Satoru: So I guess I developed a sort of tolerance to scary stuff? It doesn't really faze me much.
Ayase: The fact that you had to deal with that kinda stuff in the REAL WORLD is kinda frightening in its own right...
Ayase: So I take it you can't really enjoy spy mov--
Ayase: iiEEEEEEEES!
Satoru: Ahhh! Oww, oww! You're killing my arm!
Ayase: The zombies are here! They're coming, they're coming, oh god! Run, run, hurryyyyy!
Ayase: Urk...
Ayase: Why are you just standing there?!
Satoru: It's a cutscene. I can't move.
Satoru: The scary part's over with, by the way. You can open your eyes.
Ayase: R-Really? You promise?
Satoru: Mhm. My character already escaped from the zombies.
Ayase: *peek*
Ayase: Aaaaack!
Ayase: *sniffle* You lied to me!
Satoru: I wasn't lying.
Satoru: It was perfectly normal stuff till you opened your eyes and a new horde of zombies showed up.
Satoru: Oh crap, didn't realize the cutscene was over. Now I really gotta run.
Ayase: *peek* Oh, it's fine now. *sigh* Gosh, that almost scared the life out of me.
Ayase: I know the zombies always appear at times like those when things are all peaceful and quiet... but it still gets me every time.
Ayase: Haaah. I dunno if I can take much more of this. This is bad for my heart.
Satoru: I mean, we don't have to play the game if it's shaking you up that much.
Ayase: It's not THAT bad...
Ayase: Holding onto your arm also helps a lot. Even when things get real scary, I feel safe.
*She then slightly tightens her grip on my arm.*
*Her eyes, however, remain glued to the screen.*
*She's deriving enjoyment out of fear. I almost wonder if maybe she's mashochistic.*
*But yeah, I can see the point she made about it being like a horror movie. That was probably an intentional design choice by the developers.*
*The secret to success in this game is utilizing your cognitive mapping skill.*
*As long as you mentally keep track of where you've been and how you got where you are, it's not that hard.*
*So...*
Satoru: Hmm?
Ayase: Huh? Wh-What? Did you see something?
Satoru: Nah, I was just thinking about something.
Ayase: Come on, don't do that to me right now.
Ayase: You sure you're not doing this on purpose to try and scare me?
Satoru: I swear I'm not.
Ayase: Okay.
*That was the truth.*
*I had no desire to scare her.*
*I was just genuinely surprised by something and the sound came out unintentionally.*
Satoru: (I'm actually getting really into this game.)
*Part of it is the game is just plain enjoyable.*
*But also...*
Ayase: *pant* *pant* Ah--mmh... Ah--Ahh?! *pant* *pant*
*She's scared out of her mind, but I think she's actually really enjoying this.*
*Watching her facial expressions change with wide variety is pretty fun... and kinda cute, too.*
Ayase: Arihara-kun? Why're you just staring off into space?
Satoru: O-Oh, sorry. Got lost in thought there for a second. I was trying to remember the map layout in my head.
Ayase: You can DO that?
Satoru: Yeah, I kinda have to for work.
*We often carry out missions in areas we've never stepped foot into before.*
*And to launch a surprise attack in spite of that, you have to have a good mental feel for the layout of the place.*
Satoru: Wait, what? I can't move. None of the buttons are doing anything.
Ayase: You have to switch characters at this part. Press the switch button. Do it quick, too, otherwise help won't arrive in time and you'll die.
Satoru: The switch button? Which button's that?
Ayase: The option button. Should be on the right side of the controller... There, this one.
*She reaches her arm over and touches the button for me.*
*In doing that, her beautiful face is now right in front of me, as is her silky smooth hair.*
*I also smell a distinctly sweet fragrance.*
Ayase: There you go. Your character's switched... now.
Satoru: O-Okay, um, thanks.
Satoru: ......
Ayase: ......
*She looks over, and our eyes meet. Our faces are closer to each other than they ever have been.*
*My body is frozen. My breath is caught in my throat.*
*I'm utterly captivated by her eyes.*
Ayase: *gulp*
*At that exact moment, I hear her audibly swallow.*
*It's hard to see amidst the darkness of the room... but I also feel like her smooth, beautiful skin is slightly flushed.*
Satoru: ......
*Man, she's so gorgeous.*
*This is the first time I've been able to gaze at her features so up close and personal, and that's the very first thought that pops into my mind.*
Ayase: ......
*She remains completely silent, just like me.*
Satoru: (I wonder what's going through her head right now?)
*Almost as if she'd read my mind, her soft pink lips slightly part as her mouth opens.*
*And then...*
Ayase: Ah.
Ayase,Satoru: Oh.
*Help did not arrive in time, it seems.*
*The moment we look back at the screen, our hero is getting mangled by a horde of zombies.*
*And flashing across the screen, in dark red letters, are the words "YOU ARE DEAD."*
Ayase: I think you died.
Satoru: Sorry. I kinda lost focus...
*We both mutter those words to each other in a hushed, almost whispering tone.*
*Following that, our eyes meet again.*
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Ah!
Ayase: S-Sorry. You died 'cause I got in your way.
Satoru: Oh, it's, um, fine. I should've known where the button was.
Ayase: It's not your fault for not knowing... I mean, I'm the one who roped you into this.
Ayase: You're a total beginner, of course you aren't gonna know all the controls... yeah...
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Okay, time to refocus.
Ayase: Umm, let's stop here for today. It's kinda late.
Satoru: Oh, yeah. It is.
Ayase: Thanks for playing with me.
Satoru: Sure thing. Sorry I couldn't beat it for you.
Ayase: Don't apologize for that. The onus should be on me to beat my own game.
Ayase: But, umm, do you wanna come again some other day and try to beat it?
Satoru: Sure. I started it, so I'm gonna see it through to the end. You have my word on it.
Ayase: Your word on it...
Ayase: Mhm. Thanks a bunch.
Satoru: Okay. I'm gonna head back to my room then.
Ayase: Be careful on your way back.
Satoru: Mhm. See you tomorrow.
Ayase: Yep. Bye.
*I leave through the same way I came in, through the window.*
*Then I climb down carefully, making sure I don't slip up and fall.*
Satoru: ......
*The part of my arm she held onto still feels a bit warm.*
*Her body heat is still lingering there.*
*Then I also got to see her face from point-blank range. She was so beautiful.*
*I can still vividly recall the faint blush on her cheeks.*
Satoru: I didn't even use my eidetic memory, so why I can still see it in my mind so clearly?
*Also, I can't forget all those expressions she made while we were playing the game.*
*I think my favorite part was when she kept throwing those glances at the screen.*
Satoru: Pfft, hahaha... ahahaha.
*I can't help but laugh.*
Satoru: She was enjoying the heck out of that game, haha!
Satoru: Man.
Satoru: I'm really glad she had such a great time.
*I don't honestly regret rushing over there now.*
*Seeing her enjoy herself like that really put me in a good mood.*
*I feel so warm and cozy inside.*
*This is probably the first time I've ever felt this way after spending time with someone.*
*That's not to say I don't enjoy spending time with my family--I really do--but this feeling is something different, I think.*
Satoru: Am I in love?
*I then keenly realize something.*
*Maybe what I valued here most of all wasn't my life in general... but the relationship I had with her.*
Ayase: Hngh!
Ayase: Ahh! *pant* *pant*
Ayase: I... really hope he didn't realize.
*Now that Arihara-kun's gone, I can finally let it all out.*
*My heart is beating like a runaway train. I'm so ridiculously flustered.*
*And, for some reason, my body starts to boil.*
*My face is probably SUPER red right now.*
*I don't even have to look into a mirror to know that.*
Ayase: Nnngh! Wh-What's going on with me?
Ayase: This can't be normal...
*I think back on that little "accident" earlier.*
*My face was mere inches from his, and when I looked and saw him peering into my eyes, my heart skipped a beat.*
Ayase: I've never EVER felt like this before.
*Actually, why'd I even call him in the first place?*
*My thought process went something like: "I'm so scared!" "I can't get past this part!" "What do I do?!"*
*And... somehow that led to me calling Arihara-kun.*
*I did it IMMEDIATELY, without hesitation.*
*Then he came over probably not even a minute later.*
Ayase: I felt safe knowing he was there with me.
*Thanks to that, I was able to watch him play the game and not freak out TOO much.*
*But, when his face was suddenly right in front of mine--I panicked. I panicked big time.*
Ayase: Why'd I get so flustered because of that?
Ayase: Maybe I...
Ayase: ......
Ayase: I just realized, I gotta use the bathroom.
Ayase: Oh, but I'm so scared! Urgh... What if I open the door and there's some weird monster in there?
Ayase: Ah, but I can't hold it any longer! I gotta go really bad!
Ayase: And I can't POSSIBLY call Arihara-kun for such a frivolous reason... Plus having him wait outside the bathroom while I piss would be so awkward!
Ayase: But I can't, I can't... Nnngh!
Ayase: I GOTTA PISS SO BAAAAD!
================================================================================
Kyouhei: Morning.
Satoru: Morning.
Taishi: Morning.
Tesshin: Hey guys.
Tesshin: Oh right, Arihara.
Satoru: Hmm? What's up?
Tesshin: Did you do the math stuff we were supposed to do? I totally forgot and worse, it's my turn to get picked on today.
Satoru: Nah, I didn't. Sorry.
Tesshin: Dammit...
Satoru: You probably have enough time to do it now.
Tesshin: I'm panicking for a reason, man! I suck ass at math.
Tesshin: Please help me!
Taishi: Fine.
Tesshin: YOU'RE gonna help me?
Taishi: What? You don't want me to?
Tesshin: Your grade in math is barely better than mine. You sure you'll actually be able to help?
Taishi: Fine, do it yourself.
Tesshin: Wait, I was kidding! I'm sorry, so please help me! Please!
Taishi: For chrissakes... *sigh*
Kyouhei: You okay? The day's just started and you already look like you're out of energy.
Satoru: You aren't sick, are you?
Taishi: Oh, I had a bit of a migraine... I've been having these occasional headaches for a while now.
Tesshin: So's that why I'll just randomly see you grimace at times?
Satoru: If it's bad, you might wanna ask Kakimoto-sensei to check you out.
Taishi: Nah, it's not giving me nausea or anything. It'll go away soon enough.
Satoru: Yeah, that's what I thought too, and then I straight-up blacked out. I'd get checked out just to be on the safe side.
Taishi: Being an Astral means you gotta take all these additional tests when you go for a checkup. It's such a pain in the ass.
Taishi: I'd rather just lie down in my room.
Satoru: Yeah, it is a pain. I agree with you there.
Satoru: But on the upside, though, you won't have to worry about those headaches anymore.
Taishi: *sigh* That's true. I guess I'll do it. Some painkillers would be pretty nice to have.
Tesshin: Oh yeah, how are you doing, Arihara? I heard it was just anemia, nothing serious.
Satoru: Yep. It got real bad when I blacked out, but it's gone away since.
Tesshin: Well, I figured you were better since you were coming to school again and all.
Taishi: Probably gonna be the same for me...
Tesshin: What, you scared of getting a shot? Want me to come and hold your hand?
Taishi: Shut up!
Tesshin: Hahaha!
Kyouhei: Uhh, so are you not gonna look over that math stuff?
Tesshin: AH?! Shit, I got distracted! Someone, help!
Taishi: I'll help you, dude, so just stop screaming.
*The two of them begin fumbling through the textbook.*
*I decide to head over to my seat and wait for class to begin.*
*Nice and peaceful.*
*I really feel like I'm enjoying living the life of a normal student.*
*It's definitely not bad.*
Satoru: ......
*It's a pretty far cry from how things were at my previous school.*
*Maybe the fact that I had to conceal my identity as an Astral was putting some stress on me.*
*Or maybe it's something else.*
Satoru: ......
Ayase: Hm?
*After realizing I was looking at her, she leans over and looks at me inquisitively.*
*For a second, my breath gets stuck in my throat.*
Ayase: Arihara-kun?
Satoru: Sorry, just kinda spaced out for a second.
Ayase: Oh? Well, okay then. Oh, I forgot. I wanted to ask you something.
Ayase: Could we continue playing... you-know-what tonight?
Satoru: Err, the game?
Ayase: We've yet to beat it, and I'm itching to know what happens next in the story.
Ayase: It's incredibly frustrating... having the game right at your fingertips but knowing you can't advance the plot yourself.
Ayase: I hate being deprived of that pleasure! It's tormenting!
Satoru: I know, I know. You don't have to raise your voice.
Satoru: Everyone's stunned because you just shouted out something about being "deprived of pleasure."
Ayase: Huh?
Kyouhei: ......
Classmate A: Is everything alright, Mitsukasa-san?
Classmate B: Did Arihara-kun do something mean to you?
Ayase: N-No, it's nothing like what you're imagining. I meant it in a different sense. He did nothing wrong.
Hazuki: But you said in your own words, and I quote "I hate being deprived of that pleasure!"
Hazuki: Pleasure... D-Don't tell me your relationship has already progressed to that point?! Wh-When did that happen?!
Satoru: What are you imagining?
Satoru: I'm gonna go ahead and guess it's something sexual, but no, nothing like that is going on.
Hazuki: I-I-I-I was not thinking of anything sexual! How dare you!
Kyouhei: *stare*
Hazuki: A-A-A-Ahh... I said I wasn't! I wasn't, okay?! Stop looking at me like I'm a liar!
Kyouhei: What WERE y'all talking about, though?
Ayase: I was just talking about, umm, you know...
Satoru: Straya. You know, the stray cat.
Ayase: Y-Yes! We were merely talking about the cat.
Hazuki: O-Oh, I see. Just cat talk... Goodness, you had me worried for a second there.
Hazuki: Wait. CAT... Surely, you couldn't have been referring to a certain acronym with the same three letters.
Kyouhei: Err, you really interpret anything and everything as something sexual, don't you?
Hazuki: H-H-H-How dare you accuse me of that! I haven't the slightest idea of what you're talking about... Aha. Ahahaha!
Kyouhei: You're the one who brought up the coital alignment technique.
Classmate B: That's one strained smile...
Classmate A: Well, no point in pestering her about it. I'm sure she knows.
Classmate B: I don't see what's so embarrassing about it, though.
Classmate A: Yeah, you at least gotta have SOME basic knowledge about sex.
Hazuki: *cough*! *cough*! M-Moving on!
Hazuki: I kindly advise you two to refrain from having the kind of conversations that might brew misunderstandings here in the classroom.
Kyouhei: Yeah, at the very least don't shout it out for everyone to hear.
Ayase: Yes, I apologize. I will try to avoid using words and phrases that Nijouin-san might misinterpret in the future.
Hazuki: Why are you singling me out?!
Ayase: It was just a harmless joke.
Ayase: I apologize for upsetting you. I won't make any careless remarks again.
Hazuki: You OUGHT to. Goodness, I didn't expect you of all people to tease me too, Mitsukasa-san.
*With pursed lips and a blushed face, she returns to her seat.*
Ayase: Could I ask you to come to the president's room during lunch, Arihara-kun? We can continue our conversation there.
Satoru: Sure thing.
Kyouhei: ......
Kyouhei: Hey.
Satoru: Hmm?
Kyouhei: I've been curious about this for a while.
Kyouhei: You and her are pretty close, huh?
Satoru: You think? You're her friend too, aren't you?
Kyouhei: Friends, sure, but I don't talk with her one-on-one like you just were.
Kyouhei: I don't think I've ever seen her raise her voice like that, either.
Kyouhei: I guess you're pretty friendly with most of our classmates, but still.
Satoru: Yeah, everyone's been real nice to me.
Satoru: That includes you too. Thanks for everything, pal.
Kyouhei: Nah, it's all good. I'm just doing what anyone would.
Kyouhei: Plus I enjoy being friends with you. You're fun to hang out with.
Kyouhei: Let's just say it's beneficial for the both of us and drop the subject. It's kinda gross as guys to be getting all sentimental and crap.
Satoru: Yeah, that's true.
Satoru: But eh, thanks for being my friend anyway.
Kyouhei: Same here.
*A little bit later, once lunch arrives, I head to the president's room and knock on the door.*
Ayase: Come in.
Ayase: Oh, good. It seems you didn't forget.
Ayase: Oh, if you could please lock the door too.
Satoru: Aye aye.
*I proceed do just that.*
*And at the same time, almost like I flipped a switch by turning the lock, Mitsukasa-san's pure, angelic persona vanishes.*
Ayase: *sigh* Forcing a smile all throughout the day is so freaking exhausting.
Satoru: I bet.
Ayase: Uh-huh.
Ayase: So yeah, let's continue where we left off earlier in the classroom.
Satoru: The conversation we were having about the horror game?
Ayase: Yeah. I just can't stop thinking about what happens next. I have to see it ASAP.
Satoru: Man, it's almost like that game's not even a game in your mind anymore, but a movie.
Ayase: Do you, um, not like playing it?
Satoru: Nah, it's pretty engaging. Plus I wanna know what happens next too.
Ayase: Oh, really?! Sweet, then we can--
Satoru: Sorry, but today won't work. I'm busy with stuff.
Ayase: What? What kind of stuff?
Satoru: Work.
Ayase: Work as in THAT work?
Satoru: Yep, some new orders came in.
Ayase: Oh, okay.
Ayase: Work is work, I guess...
Satoru: I'm really sorry.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Hey.
Satoru: Yeah?
Ayase: You said you've been relieved of that initial mission you had to protect me, right?
Satoru: Huh? O-Oh, err, yeah.
Ayase: So what's gonna happen now?
Satoru: What do you mean?
Ayase: Your job was to protect me, but that's over with now. So are they gonna transfer you away somewhere?
Satoru: Oh, right. I should explain...
Satoru: ......
Ayase: Arihara-kun?
Satoru: Are you worried about me possibly moving away?
Ayase: What? Well, um... yeah, of course. I'd really miss you.
Satoru: ......
Ayase: What?
Satoru: I never expected you to say you'd miss me.
Ayase: You didn't?
Ayase: Isn't your impression of me, like... kinda bad? I've always had that thought.
Satoru: I didn't mean it in a bad way.
Satoru: It's just, um, I figured you'd have a more apathetic reaction. Like, you'd tell me to take care, let me be on my way, and that would be that.
Ayase: Well, I mean...
Ayase: You're kinda right. I don't think I've ever felt this way about another person before.
Satoru: Same here. I've never had someone verbally say they'd miss me if I left and went somewhere else.
*It's different having a friend tell you that rather than a family member or colleague. It fills me with joy in a way I can't quite describe.*
Ayase: Wait. If you're staying, does that mean there's a chance there might be another attack?
Satoru: No, different reason.
Satoru: My academic background isn't falsified or anything. If I transfer every few months or so, that'd look awfully suspicious, and people would start looking into it.
Satoru: I could potentially have to leave if some urgent mission comes up, but I don't see that happening anytime in the foreseeable future.
Ayase: Oh, that's great.
Satoru: I appreciate it, but man... this is kinda embarrassing.
Ayase: Well, I mean... You don't know how to put a filter over your mouth, at all.
Ayase: How am I supposed to know you won't spill my secret if you run off somewhere?
*THAT'S why she doesn't want me to leave?*
Satoru: No need to worry. I doubt anyone would believe me if I blurted that out.
Satoru: "Mitsukasa Ayase is actually lazy, lethargic, and her personality and tits are a sham!" I mean, come on.
Ayase: Do not call me a sham unless you'd like me to punch you in the face. Thank you very much!
Ayase: I mean, look, I admit it's pretty much true in every aspect, but still...
Ayase: It pisses the hell out of me having to sit here and listen to someone else say it to my face.
Satoru: But yeah, I'm staying here for the time being, so I'll definitely finish that game with you.
Satoru: Unfortunately not today, though, because work takes priority. I'm probably gonna have to sneak out, so I can't make other plans tonight.
Satoru: Even if you call me and need something, I won't be able to answer or come.
Ayase: Oh, really?
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Is that mission gonna last for a while?
Satoru: Err, I can't give a definite answer, but it shouldn't be that long.
Satoru: Don't worry. We'll finish that game soon enough.
Ayase: No, um, wait, I wasn't talking about the game...
Satoru: Hmm?
Ayase: Nevermind. It's nothing.
Ayase: Alright, no game today. We'll just have to do it some other time.
Satoru: I'll tell you when my schedule's freed up some.
Ayase: Uh-huh.
*She nods, and not a moment later a knock echoes.*
Ayase: Oh, yes! I'm coming!
*Our conversation reached a good stopping point, so she gets up, goes over to the door, and unlocks it.*
Atsunori: Excuse me.
Satoru: Principal Ise?
Atsunori: Hm? Oh, hello there, Arihara-kun.
Atsunori: Allow me to congratulate you on your success at the fair. The cafe was quite the hit.
Satoru: Oh no, sir, I only played a small part in making it happen. The idea and implementation were all my other friends. 
Satoru: I'll make sure to relay your comment to them, though. Thank you very much.
Atsunori: Sure, please do.
Atsunori: If you don't mind me inquiring, why was the door locked?
Satoru: Huh? Oh, umm...
Ayase: It wasn't for any reason in particular.
Atsunori: Hrmm. No reason in particular.
Ayase: Ahem.
Ayase: So what brings you here, sir?
Atsunori: ......
Atsunori: Well, I suppose it doesn't much matter. As for my business, we've received a request for a feature.
Ayase: So I take it that you need me for another article?
Atsunori: Yes.
Atsunori: No photos this time, however. All they ask for is a text draft.
Atsunori: Can I ask you to handle that?
Ayase: Yes, I can have that finished by the end of the day.
Atsunori: Great. You have my thanks.
Atsunori: Oh, also there are also some additional things concerning future PR activities I'd like to go over with you. Can I borrow some of your time?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: It seems like you have a lot to discuss, so I'll go ahead and leave now.
Atsunori: My apologies for interrupting.
Satoru: Oh no, it's fine, sir. We were just chatting.
Satoru: But yeah, Mitsukasa-san. I'll tell you when I have some free time.
Ayase: Yes, absolutely. I'll talk to you about it again at a later date.
Satoru: Mhm. See you later.
Satoru: Pardon me, Principal Ise.
Nanami: Oh, there you are! I've been looking all over for you, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Oh, hey, Nanami. What's up? Something wrong?
Nanami: Well, kinda. Umm... it's about tonight.
*After making sure the coast is clear, she leans in.*
Nanami: I finished all the prep work with regards to the security.
Nanami: It'll probably be a little harder than before, but nothing impossible.
Satoru: Different things I have to worry about?
Nanami: In terms of security levels, I'd put the research center as first, then outside, then school buildings, and finally the dorms.
Satoru: You can get around it, though, can't you?
Nanami: I can, but chances are I'll get caught within seconds. My plan is to fool the security in a single area for the few seconds that I can.
Nanami: I'll have to do some immediate clean-up work, too, like erasing my footprints from the system and all that. 
Satoru: Sounds like you'd better stay within the school perimeter and provide long-distance support to me.
Nanami: Are you sure you'll be fine? I won't be there with you on-site.
Satoru: Sure. We've done this setup before.
Satoru: Plus I'm not the only one going there. I'm just there for backup.
Nanami: That's somewhat reassuring, but I dunno... I'm still worried. You have a tendency to do some really stupid things at times...
Satoru: C'mon, trust your brother some more.
Satoru: Hacking the security is an important job, and you're the only one capable of it, Nanami.
Nanami: I'm the only one capable...
Satoru: That's right. You're my only hope.
Satoru: Can you please do that?
Nanami: Onii-chan!
Nanami: I still haven't forgotten the last time you tried to sweet-talk me like this. I ended up having to molest Shikibe-senpai's naked body in the girl's bath.
Satoru: Look, I'm really sorry about that!
Nanami: Well, there weren't really any negative consequences that stemmed from it, so eh... I guess I can let it slide.
Satoru: Anyway, if you could take care of the security stuff for me, that'd be great.
*There's nothing wrong with relaxing and enjoying my day-to-day life here.*
*But I need to maintain a certain level of vigilance if I want this escapade tonight to go well.*
Kyouhei: Ahhh. School's FINALLY out.
Kyouhei: Let's head back to the dorm, Satoru.
Satoru: Yeah.
Hazuki: Are you going to be going back to the dorm now, Mitsukasa-san?
Ayase: No, I've been asked to write something for the Astral Expo Fair.
Ayase: I don't want to procrastinate, so I'm planning to do it right here and now so I can get it over with.
Hazuki: Ah, okay. That sounds like a lot of work.
Hazuki: If there's anything I can help with, don't hesitate to ask.
Ayase: Unfortunately, it's supposed to be about my personal experience, so I have to be the one to write it.
Ayase: I appreciate the thought, though. Thank you very much, Nijouin-san.
Hazuki: Alright. Good luck.
Kyouhei: I see you're getting more of that PR work again.
Ayase: Yes, but I've been told that the school will try to be more lenient on my schedule, so I shouldn't end up overworked like before.
Kyouhei: That's nice.
Kyouhei: I remember you used to not even have time to eat lunch.
Ayase: Right. That wasn't a very desirable situation.
Ayase: Oh, I'd better get started. I'll miss dinner if I dilly-dally for too long.
Kyouhei: Ah, sorry. Didn't mean to hold you up.
Ayase: No worries, you were doing nothing of the sort. Alright then, everyone. I'll see you later.
Hazuki: ......
Hazuki: Hmm. I have to say, it's quite frustrating to watch a friend work so tirelessly yet know you can't do anything to help.
Kyouhei: I know how you feel, but there's just not much we can do to help her with that PR stuff. It is what it is.
Kyouhei: I'm sure we'll have other opportunities to help her. You know, like we did at the fair.
Hazuki: That is true. Aggressively trying to offer help against her wishes isn't the way to go about things.
Kyouhei: Mhm. Okay, let's head back to the dorm.
Ayase: Okay, where's the writing paper. Ugh, this is a lot more than I expected. Am I really gonna be able to do all this?
Ayase: Man, and I already promised him I'd have it done by today... *sigh*
Ayase: Whatever. No use cryin' over spilled milk. Just gotta buckle down and do it.
Ayase: If I can't finish it today, ain't no big deal. I'll just say sorry.
Ayase: N-Ngghhh! Finally. Whoa, it's already this late? That took a lot longer than I expected.
Ayase: But hey, it wasn't so bad. It's all done and ready to be submitted!
*Hell, what took up the most time was planning the damn thing. I had to write so much I couldn't just wing it.*
*Don't think I've ever had that problem with other writing stuff before, come to think of it.*
Ayase: I really enjoyed this year's fair, after all. There was a lot I had to mention.
*It's not that surprising when I stop and think about it.*
*When you leave all the work to other people and just get up on a stage and sing... The only memory you're left with is an embarrassing one.*
*I kinda feel bad about what I put Arihara-kun through, though. He even got injured because of it.*
Ayase: Still... I had SUCH a great time at this year's fair.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Wait, this isn't the time for reflection. I gotta go and submit the draft pronto.
Ayase: Here is the draft I was asked to write about the Astral Expo Fair, Kakimoto-sensei.
Kaori: Thanks, Mitsukasa-san.
Ayase: Does everything look good?
Kaori: Let me see... Yes, I see no problem.
Kaori: Thank you for finishing in such a timely manner.
Ayase: You're welcome. Well, if you don't need anything further, I have to be heading back to the dorm now otherwise I'll miss curfew.
Kaori: Oh, it's already this late?
Kaori: Sorry you had to stay at the school so long to finish this. Go relax and get yourself some rest.
Kaori: Actually, I can go ahead and call the dorm to inform them that you might be slightly late. You'll probably make it on time, but well, better safe than sorry.
Kaori: I wouldn't want you to accidentally hurt yourself because you tried running back.
Ayase: I wouldn't do that. But yes, I would appreciate it if you could make that call.
Kaori: Alright. I'll do that then.
Ayase: Thank you.
Kaori: You ended up having to stay after because of a request on our end. It's the least I can do.
Kaori: But this is only so that you don't have to run.
Kaori: Don't use this call as an excuse to make side-stops along the way. The extra time you have is limited.
Ayase: Yes, I understand.
Ayase: We're not allowed to leave campus, so there's not many places I could even make side-stops at.
Kaori: I suppose that is true. Well then, have a good day.
Ayase: Thank you. Have a good day, Kakimoto-sensei.
Ayase: Wow, it's pitch black out. Come to think of it, it's been a while since I last walked the school campus alone this late.
*It's usually been with other people, like Arihara-kun, for instance.*
*I never really stay at school after classes let out either. Man... I forgot how dark it gets at night.*
*It's reminding me of that zombie game.*
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Urgh... Why did I have to make that connection?
*What if a zombie leaps out from the bushes now?*
*Ugh, and it's a pretty decent walk from here to my dorm too...*
Ayase: Why'd they have to make that game so scary? I admit it's fun, but still.
Ayase: I hope Arihara-kun finishes his mission thing soon. I gotta know what happens next.
*Somewhat unconsciously, I pull out my phone and find his name in my contacts list.*
*But I don't press the button. I have no real reason to call him right now.*
Ayase: Oh, right. He said he wouldn't even be able to pick up anyways.
Ayase: So I'm really gonna have to walk back all by myself... I haven't done this since the night those guys attacked me.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Gotta hurry... Okay, let's do this!
Ayase: ......
*I walk down the dark, empty road all by my lonesome.*
*I stop to check the time. It's a little past curfew.*
*So I'm probably the only one on campus right now...*
*Of course, security people are out, but there's no guarantee they'll come to my rescue if something does happen.*
*Case in point, they didn't the last time.*
Ayase: Ah!
*Suddenly, a cold chill runs along my spine.*
*I recall the knife in that man's hand as he pinned me down on the ground.*
*That terror that possessed me back then returns almost as if I'm reliving that moment. My heart is racing and my limbs are frozen.*
*Gradually, my breathing grows heavier.*
*Without realizing it, my hand starts patting down my body in frantic search of it.*
*My fingertips eventually graze the case I'm looking for. I take a tablet out of it and crunch down hard on it in anxiety.*
Ayase: The guys behind that attack were already taken care of. Arihara-kun risked his life so they could be captured.
Ayase: There's nothing to be scared of... I'll... be fine.
*I understand that on a rational level, but that does nothing to quell my fears.*
*Suddenly, I hear a rustling sound from the bushes.*
Ayase: Ah?!
*Nobody should be outside right now, so why... It's just like last time.*
*My heart pounds faster, and faster.*
Ayase: *pant* *pant* *pant*
*Every part of my body has ceased motion, save for my rapidly beating heart.*
*Unable to run nor scream for help, all I can do is stare helplessly at the bush where I heard the sound come from.*
*Then, the bushes rustle some more, and--*
Cat: Meoow.
Ayase: Straya? O-Oh, so that was just you. Phew.
Cat: Meow. Meooow!
Ayase: Sorry, I don't have any food for you today. But I'll pet you a whole, whooole lot!
Cat: Meow, meoow! Meow, meooow.
Ayase: *giggle* Do you like that?
Cat: Meow, meow! Meow.
Ayase: Great. But goodness, you nearly scared the life out of me.
Cat: Meooow.
Ayase: ......
Mayu: Oh, is that you, Mitsukasa-san?
Ayase: Shikibe-senpai. Hello there.
Mayu: Are you just getting back?
Ayase: Yes. I had permission to stay out longer, though, so don't worry. I was working on writing an essay for a feature.
Mayu: Oh, gotcha. Welcome back after a long day.
Ayase: Thank you.
Hazuki: Welcome back, Mitsukasa-san.
Hazuki: Kakimoto-sensei already informed me of everything. Writing that essay must have been rather tedious, huh?
Ayase: A bit. There was so much to write about that I had to decide what to and what not to put in it.
Ayase: This year's fair was so very fun and eventful.
Mayu: I had just as much fun.
Hazuki: As did I. It was great to be able to share in that experience with the both of you, but those matters aside...
Hazuki: Are you alright, Mitsukasa-san? Your face looks a little pale.
Mayu: Yeah, I see it too now. Want me to call Kakimoto-sensei for you?
Ayase: No, it's nothing worth worrying about. I'm probably just hungry, is all.
Ayase: Would you two care to join me for dinner?
Hazuki: My pleasure.
Mayu: Yep, that sounds good to me. Do you want to get changed first, though?
Ayase: No, I'll be perfectly alright eating in this. If you're both ready, let's head to the canteen.
Hazuki: You needn't worry about making us wait for a few minutes. We'll gladly do that for you.
Mayu: Yeah. We're all hungry, but a few minutes won't kill us.
Mayu: So don't worry about us. Go on up and get changed.
Ayase: Well, it might just kill me. I'm absolutely starving.
Ayase: Come on, let's go.
Hazuki: Do you at least want to go drop off your bookbag?
Ayase: I don't think I can wait that long, honestly. Come on, let's go eat.
Mayu: Ah, yeah, gotcha. You don't need to drag me, I'm coming.
Hazuki: Hmm. I never see her acting this assertive.
Nanami: Okay, umm... Alright, that should be everything. I'm all ready.
Satoru: Great.
Nanami: Like I explained earlier, I'm gonna fool the security in one specific location. Right here.
Nanami: If you go out of that area, you'll be detected by the sensors almost immediately, so please try not to do that.
Satoru: I know, I won't.
Satoru: I've memorized the route to that location, so I should be good getting there.
Nanami: And don't forget, you also have to re-enter through the same spot when you come back.
Satoru: Mhm.
Nanami: Also, um, be careful out there. I have to stay behind this time... so I'd hate for you to get hurt.
Satoru: Of course. I won't act hastily.
Nanami: Alright. Good luck.
Satoru: Can you hear me, Levy Nine? I've arrived at the destination.
Nanami: "Copy that. Now jump over the wall on my signal."
Satoru: Ready when you are.
Nanami: "5, 4, 3, 2, 1, jump!"
Satoru: Hngh!
Satoru: Okay, I'm outside the fence. How are things looking?
Nanami: "All clear. No signs that they've detected us."
Satoru: Sweet. I'm gonna head over to the designated mission site then.
Nanami: "Copy that."
Satoru: Don't fall asleep while I'm gone, hear me? I gotta rely on you to get back inside.
Nanami: "I'm not some little kid, geez. I wouldn't fall asleep."
Nanami: "But... yeah. You'll wanna hurry up and get back before I start getting sleepy."
Satoru: Will do.
*After eating dinner with Nijouin-san and Shikibe-senpai, I took a bath.*
*But once lights-out time arrived, I had to go back to my room and I have no choice but to stay here.*
*I still recall the chilling sensation from that knife...*
*The fear gripping me right now is nothing like the fear I feel from playing that game. This is real, life-threatening fear.*
*I don't understand. I've never felt this afraid before...*
*The terror clings to my skin, forcing me to shake and shiver. I feel so much anxiety that it's like a hole has opened in my chest.*
Ayase: ......
*Hoping to divert my thoughts from it, I take out my phone and find to a certain name in my contacts list.*
*The display shows Arihara-kun's name and number. I haven't been able to bring myself to call him.*
*I still have no legitimate reason to.*
*He seemed kind of upset when I called him while playing the zombie game, so I don't want to have him rush over here for another "false alarm."*
*I know I shouldn't call him... but I give in to my anxiety and press the button.*
Announcement: "The number you have called is currently unavailable."
Ayase: Guess he was right...
*Maybe I should try one more time?*
*......*
*No, I don't need to do that.*
Ayase: I'll just hear the same automated message again...
Ayase: I'm not some creepy obsessed stalker. I can't just spam his phone with calls for no real reason.
*And if he looks at his phone later and sees a number of missed calls, he'll think it's an emergency.*
Ayase: Why'd I even try calling him in the first place?
*He specifically told me he wouldn't be able to pick up while on his mission. And I knew that.*
*But my hand just... moved like it was possessed, and pushed that button.*
*It's like my subconscious is telling me the way to get rid of these fears is by talking to him.*
Ayase: Does that mean what I think it does?
*Am I actually in love with him?*
*But I... I...*
*The more I think about it, the faster my heart pounds. BADUMP, BADUMP, BADUMP...*
*This isn't spurred by anxiety nor nervousness.*
*Some emotion of a completely different nature is speeding my heart rate.*
Ayase: I wanna hear his voice... see his face.
*But what I crave most of all is that warm, comforting feeling I get whenever I'm with him.*
Ayase: ......
Ayase: No way, I'm totally overthinking this. Me, in love with him? He's, like, the rudest guy out there. Makes tactless remarks all the time, super dense about the randomest things.
Ayase: But he is caring, and hardworking... and he's come to my rescue a number of times.
Ayase: ......
*I think back on the sensation of his arm yesterday.*
*I was only touching him in that one area, but I could still keenly feel his bodily warmth.*
*It was almost like it spread throughout my entire body.*
*......*
Ayase: There's no other explanation. It's exactly what I think it is.
Ayase: Ahh?!
*My body flinches as I hear a sudden thud.*
Ayase: Ahh, I'm WAY too on-edge.
*That was just a perfectly normal sound.*
*But, for some reason, I feel like I've been a lot more sensitive to them today.*
Ayase: Agh, I can't calm down. I wouldn't have to worry about this if I could fall asleep...
*But I can't. Closing my eyes would make everything dark, and I get super anxious when I can't see my surroundings.*
*I'd just end up pointlessly sitting in my bed with my eyes wide open.*
*Eventually, I start up a game, hoping that'll help, but I still can't get my mind off things... Then, finally, I get out my phone and go to Arihara-kun's number once again.*
Ayase: ......
*Only to return to the home screen without hitting call.*
Ayase: What am I even doing?
*Realizing I'll just have to bear with it, I put my phone down.*
*But I'm still so restless and anxious. I can't sit still...*
*After a minute or two of that, I pull up his number for the umpteenth time. But, just like last time, I return to the home screen without hitting call.*
*Back and forth, back and forth. I repeat this asinine process over and over, like an idiot.*
Ayase: What's going on with me? I'm not some angsty teenage girl.
Satoru: Levy Six. I'm in position.
McGregor: "Copy that. Remain on standby there until further notice."
Satoru: Affirmative.
McGregor: "Levy Three, you and Levy Five may storm the location as soon as we have confirmation of them engaging in the act."
Levy 5: "Levy Five, copy that."
Satoru: Alright...
*I look up at the building standing before me.*
*Tonight's operation involves apprehending some thieves that we believe are going to break in here and steal something.*
*Apparently there's been a huge spike lately in theft via remote teleportation. This ability is what most people know as "apportation."*
*That being said, it can't move things through heavy safe or vault doors, so all it really does is save you the trouble of picking a lock.*
*It's also supposed to be surprisingly ill-suited for combat.*
*My partners will probably be able to handle this no problem, but still, I can't slack off.*
Satoru: Gotta stay focused and keep my guard up.
Levy 5: "The suspects have appeared."
Satoru: Ah!
Thief A: ......
Thief B: You still not done? The cash should be in that safe.
Thief A: Fuck. They've been building safes thicker these days as a counter-measure against Astrals.
Thief B: Are you gonna be able to do it, yes or no? I need an answer!
Thief A: Shut up! I'm trying to concentrate.
Thief A: Don't you dare underestimate my powers. I may not have been able to pull this off before, but now! Kgh!
Thief A: Aggghhhhhhhh! APPOOOOORT!
Thief A: *pant* *pant* *pant* H-How'd you like that, huh?!
Thief B: Holy shit! You're fucking crazy, dude! Goddamn! You actually teleported it!
Thief A: Haha! When I get serious, shit like this is as easy as takin' candy from a baby!
Thief B: You're sure huffin' and puffin' after taking that candy from a baby!
Thief B: But shit, you did it, man! Now let's get the fuck out of here!
Levy 5: "Confirmed theft via the usage of an Astral ability. Commencing raid."
McGregor: "Copy that. Permission granted."
Levy 5: Put your hands and the air and surrender peacefully! You've been caught illegally stealing goods through an astral ability!
Thief A: Shit, the cops are here!
Thief B: Fuck! R-Run!
Thiefs: Agh?!
Levy 5: Don't resist if you know what's best for you. I don't wanna injure you if I don't have to.
Thief B: Goddammit...
Thief A: Kgh... nghhh!
Levy 5: Huh? What is he doing? You aren't in pain, are you?
Thief A: KGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH!
Levy 5: What?! Did he just disappear?!
Thief B: What the fuck! That bastard left me for dead! He teleported and made off by himself!
Levy 5: He can use teleportation in ADDITION to apportation?
Thief A: AGHH! *pant* *pant* *pant*
Thief A: Somehow that worked out... Shit, there's a big difference between teleporting something to me and teleporting myself.
Thief A: I feel bad for bailing on him, but I'm getting the hell out of here.
Satoru: Sorry, pal, but not today.
Thief A: Wha--?!
Satoru: Levy Six here. I've successfully subdued and apprehended the Astral that attempted to flee. 
McGregor: "McGregor, copy that. I'll immediately send someone your way."
Levy 5: "Sorry he escaped from us."
Satoru: I was just doing my job.
Satoru: Kgh!
Satoru: ......
McGregor: "Is everything alright, Levy Six?"
Satoru: I thought I sensed someone... but it was probably just my imagination.
McGregor: "McGregor, copy that. We'll conduct a search of the area just to be safe."
McGregor: "Hold your position along with the apprehended Astral."
Satoru: Will do.
*Huh. WAS it just my imagination?*
? ? ?: My apologies. He was unfortunately captured before he could escape.
? ? ?: That shouldn't be a problem. The objective seems to be strictly apprehending thieves.
? ? ?: Understood. I'll return there now.
Ryuunosuke: "Sorry about that. You were supposed to just be on backup duty but you ended up having to take out one of 'em."
Ryuunosuke: "That was an error on our part. We weren't aware that he was able to use teleportation too..."
Satoru: Well, I'm just glad we caught them.
Ryuunosuke: "Yep. I'm real glad I called you in to help. Thanks a lot."
Ryuunosuke: "We'll take over things from here. Follow a different route on your way back, as planned."
Ryuunosuke: "I'll talk to you later."
Satoru: Okay. Now time to get back to school.
Satoru: Levy Six here. Are you still up, Levy Nine?
Nanami: "Levy Nine speaking! I was getting worried since you were taking so long. Glad to hear you're okay."
Satoru: Yeah, sorry. One of the guys almost escaped.
Satoru: I'm not injured or anything, though. And neither is anyone else.
Satoru: So, right. I want back inside. I'm ready when you are, so just give a countdown.
Nanami: "I'm ready. Alright, here goes. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, jump!"
Satoru: Okay, I'm in.
Nanami: "Let's see... Mhm, looking good. We haven't been caught."
Satoru: Great. So now I just gotta walk back to my dorm.
Nanami: "Don't let your guard down just yet. All the security devices on campus are still active, and there are security guards on patrol."
Satoru: I know. All your hard work would go to waste if I got caught now. I'll be extra careful.
Satoru: Phew. And I'm back.
Nanami: "Good job, Satoru-kun. And welcome back."
Satoru: Thanks. You did great too.
Satoru: So, anything happen here while I was gone?
Nanami: "Nothing in particular. It's just been a normal, peaceful night."
Satoru: Great.
Satoru: Alright. Guess I'm gonna hit the sack now.
Nanami: "Yeah, I probably will too after I do one more check over the security systems."
Satoru: Okay. Give me a call if you notice anything.
Satoru: See you tomorrow, and good night.
Nanami: "Mhm. Good night."
*After hanging up, I give my back a good stretch.*
Satoru: N-Nghhh! Okay, time to change into my pajamas.
Satoru: Oh, right. Before that...
*I turn my phone back on now that the mission's over.*
Satoru: Highly doubt I got anything, but... Hm?
*My assumption was wrong.*
*I apparently got one missed call while I was out.*
Satoru: It's from... Mitsukasa-san?
Satoru: I wonder what she needed. Had to have been something important if she specifically called me, right?
*But that doesn't line up with things. She only called that one time, and didn't leave a message.*
*She also didn't try to contact Nanami, apparently.*
*She would've mentioned something about it to me, surely.*
*So where does that leave things...*
Satoru: Was she playing that horror game again?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Well, whatever. It probably wasn't anything serious.
*I toss my phone onto my bed.*
Ayase: ......
*I'm STILL having trouble getting to sleep...*
Ayase: What is going on with me? *sigh*
Ayase: Hm?
Ayase: Ah?! S-Something's out there, behind my window...
Ayase: Nghh!
*It definitely wasn't the wind. That was a knocking sound, no doubt about it...*
*So someone is out there, knocking on my window.*
Ayase: Wh-Why is this happening? Why am I hearing all these weird sounds today...
Ayase: ......
*It'd be scarier to not know, so I walk over to the window to check.*
*Oh god... I REALLY don't wanna pull back these curtains...*
*I'll probably break down on the spot and start wailing if some zombie's out there...*
*Ah, there it is again! That's... definitely not a natural sound!*
Ayase: *pant* *pant* Ahh?!
Ayase: Oh god, there's a person's face out there! AHHHHHH!
Satoru: Shhhh! Don't scream or you'll wake everyone!
Ayase: A-Arihara-kun?!
Satoru: Hi there.
Ayase: So? Explain yourself. Is sneaking up on girls in the middle of the night and scaring them silly a pasttime of yours?
Satoru: I wouldn't sacrifice my precious sleep time for such a nasty prank.
Ayase: Then what was this if not a prank?
Ayase: I know I'm probably wrong... but you weren't trying to ASSAULT me in my sleep, were you?
Satoru: What? You're way too imaginative.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Yeah, you're probably right. I can't see you doing something like that. 
Ayase: Besides, who would even go through the risk just to assault a titless girl like me?
Ayase: Hey, who're you calling titless!
Satoru: You called yourself that!
Satoru: Man, insulting yourself then snapping a second later and blaming someone else for what you said to yourself. Impressive skill you got there.
Ayase: Just a bad habit I've developed because of you...
Ayase: Uhh, why are we talking about this again? That's completely irrelevant right now. Why're you here? You said you didn't come to assault me, so what then?
Satoru: Why are you asking me that? You called me earlier.
Ayase: Huh? Yeah, but I didn't leave a message and it was just that one time... right?
Satoru: Yep, it was.
Ayase: Let me guess, you thought I called for some silly, unimportant reason like last time?
Satoru: Yeah. Honestly, I kinda did.
Satoru: Since you only tried calling once, I figured it was probably something that could wait till tomorrow.
Ayase: Then why'd you climb up to my room?
Satoru: Well, regardless of whether it was important or not, you called me for a reason.
Satoru: So, basically, I just wanted to check on you. If you were asleep, I'd go back to my room, and that would be that.
Satoru: If you were awake, though, I was hoping I could ask you why you called... just in case it WAS something kind of important.
Ayase: You came here... just 'cause of that?
Ayase: ......
*Well, she doesn't appear upset.*
*I was worried she'd snap and call me a peeping tom, but I guess not. Thank goodness.*
Ayase: S-Still, you scared the crap outta me when you just randomly knocked on my window. Were you trying to give me a heart attack or what?
Ayase: Just call me first if you're gonna do that.
Satoru: I didn't wanna wake you if you were sleeping, okay? I carefully thought all this through.
Satoru: But yeah, seems like you're feeling better now. That's a relief.
Ayase: What do you mean?
Satoru: You're back to your usual self.
Ayase: My usual self? Was I acting funny or something?
Satoru: When I first saw your face, you looked downright frightened.
Satoru: Way more scared than you were when we played that horror game, too. Let me guess, that's why you called me. Am I right?
Ayase: ......
Satoru: What was your reason, then?
Ayase: I just... did it for no real reason.
Satoru: You don't have to hide it. I won't judge.
Ayase: I'm not lying. I had no particular reason for calling you.
Ayase: I wasn't scared or in danger or anything else. I was perfectly fine.
Satoru: Then why did you try calling me if you were fine?
Ayase: Well, you know...
Ayase: I had to stay at school real late writing that draft for the magazine feature, and when I left, it was pitch black outside...
Ayase: Not to say that I haven't experienced that before. I've walked back in the dark numerous times.
Ayase: But, for some reason... I got super scared walking around campus at night. I thought about someone jumping out and attacking me again, and I started feeling really worried...
Ayase: Well, the only one there was Straya, but I still almost had a panic attack until I realized it was her.
Ayase: And when I got back here, it still wasn't any better. I've been sitting in here all alone, unable to go to sleep 'cause I'm so scared...
Satoru: That incident traumatized you, from the sound of it.
Ayase: I wouldn't really say it TRAUMATIZED me. That's a bit of an exaggeration.
Ayase: I've never felt scared being alone in my room before. I'm always able to sleep just fine without my lights on.
Satoru: So what's different about today?
Ayase: Well, umm...
Ayase: ......
Satoru: Hmm? What is it?
Ayase: You can't ask me that question, geez... Telling you the truth would just get me all irritated.
Satoru: It'd get you irritated?
*I'm still confused. What is she talking about?*
Ayase: ......
Satoru: ......?
Ayase: Don't take this as fact--but I think... it's because, umm... I was alone today.
Satoru: What's special about that? You're in your room alone every day, aren't you?
Ayase: That's not what I meant!
Ayase: You weren't available 'cause you had your mission... That's what I meant when I said I was "alone."
Satoru: ......
Satoru: What do I have to do with anything?
Ayase: If something ended up happening to me, you wouldn't be able to come to rescue like all those other times.
Ayase: The moment that thought crossed my mind, I got, like, super scared for some reason... and I couldn't sleep.
Ayase: So, um... in all honesty... I'm kinda happy you came.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: O-Oh. Anything you want me to do for you?
Ayase: Not REALLY... No, nothing in particular.
Satoru: Don't feel shy.
Satoru: I'm here, so I'll do anything you want me to.
Ayase: No, I'm really fine. I'm happy enough just knowing you cared enough to come here.
Satoru: Well, I guess that made climbing up here in the middle of the night worth it.
Ayase: Yeah.
Ayase: (Dammit! I don't wanna admit it, but I feel safe now that he's here.)
Ayase: (Just seeing his face and hearing his voice made all that fear and worry disappear in an instant.)
Ayase: (That hole in my heart's been filled in completely.)
Ayase: (Let's be real, I can't make any more excuses for myself at this point. I'm just gonna have to accept it for what it is. *sigh*)
Satoru: ......
Satoru: (Just chatting with her fills me so much joy. All the exhaustion from my mission becomes an afterthought.)
Satoru: (I find myself captivated watching her facial expressions change.)
Satoru: (There's no room for doubt at this point. These feelings are definitely what I think they are...)
Ayase,Satoru: I've fallen in love with him, plain and simple.I've fallen in love with this girl, plain and simple.
Ayase,Satoru: Hm.
Ayase,Satoru: Hm?
Ayase,Satoru: Ah--
Ayase,Satoru: (Did I actually just say that out loud?!)(Shit, did I really say that out loud?!)
Ayase: (Wait, I only said it in my mind, right?! I didn't say, I only thought it... Agh, no, I said it! I said it!)
Ayase: (I distinctly remember my mouth moving and saying the word "love"! Oh god!)
Satoru: (Goddammit, I know I have a bad habit of blurting out insensitive shit, but how did I blurt out my inner feelings?! Who the hell does that?!)
Satoru: (There's no word in the dictionary to describe just how GODDAMN STUPID I am!)
Ayase: (What now?! It just kinda like slipped out 'cause I was talking to myself a few seconds earlier... Oh god, oh god, oh god! What do I do?!)
Ayase: (Even if I'm glad he's here, blurting that out was totally bonkers of me to do! How am I such a freaking idiot?!)
Satoru: (Hold on a second. She's not saying anything, so maybe she didn't hear me?)
Ayase: (Okay, just calm down, Ayase. I practically muttered it under my breath, so there's a good chance he didn't hear a thing--)
Ayase,Satoru: ......
Ayase,Satoru: (He totally heard meeeeeee!)(She totally heard meeeeeee!)
Satoru: (Oh, shit. What do I do? What excuse do I go with?)
Satoru: (......)
Satoru: (Well, what I said WAS the truth. That's how I feel about her.)
Satoru: (Do I... really NEED to hide it?)
*As the tension-heavy silence persists, I make a conscious decision, and lift my head.*
Satoru: M-Mitsukasa-san!
Ayase: Ah?!
Ayase: Umm, look, err, it's not--it's not what you're thinking... When I said love HIM, I meant... hams! You know, ham, the food!
Ayase: I just really kinda... learned to appreciate ham recently, and I was thinking about some and got a craving! That's all it was.
Satoru: Oh, really?
Ayase: Y-Yeah, really. I just kinda, like, tripped over my words, you know what I mean?
Satoru: Oh...
Satoru: But I didn't.
Ayase: What?
Satoru: I've fallen for you.
Ayase: Hngh?!
Satoru: I'm in love with you, Mitsukasa Ayase.
Ayase: Aaaanghhh!
Ayase: H-Hold on! You were supposed to go, like "Ohhh, yeah, ham! Funny, ahahahaha!" there, laugh off the whole thing!
Ayase: You're putting me in a real awkward spot here, okay?!
Satoru: Well, you know me. I'm not one to read between the lines.
Ayase: Well, yeah, but still, that's not an excuse to... Ah... Ah... Arrrgghhhh!
Satoru: I'm not joking around here.
Satoru: I'm completely, 100\% in love with you.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: You're lying. You have to be.
Ayase: There's nothing anyone could love about me.
Satoru: Why do you say that?
Ayase: I act like someone I'm not in front of all of my peers... I'm not actually everyone's "idol." I'm moody, cynical, short-tempered...
Satoru: Yeah, I know.
Satoru: I know the real you. And that's the person I fell in love with.
Ayase: Well--Well, still! Don't forget the p-p-p-p-p-pads... I'm actually flat as a washboard.
Satoru: I don't think you're THAT flat. Wait, that's beside the point.
Satoru: Look, I've known about the pads ever since I met you. That's not an issue to me at all.
Ayase: Ugh...
Satoru: I don't care that your cup size is A. That won't cause me to not love you.
Ayase: Arihara-kun...
Ayase: Wait. What? Why're you assuming I'm an A?
Satoru: Er, you're not?
Ayase: Uh, no? I'm ALMOST a B! So I'm A plus!
Ayase: And, on days when I'm feeling good and I round up I'm a B cup!
Ayase: AND, I'm borderline enough that when I go shopping the store people say to me "Let's go with Bs!"
*Hmm?*
*Everything she just said indicated that her cup size is A.*
*Whatever. That's not relevant right now.*
Satoru: Anyways, my feelings won't change no matter what cup size you are.
Satoru: I love you, Mitsukasa-san.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: J-Just to warn you, you won't get a refund later on when you see my tits and realize they're smaller than you thought.
Satoru: Maybe you didn't hear me clear enough. I love you, Mitsukasa-san.
Satoru: So, err... if you really meant to say ham instead of him earlier, now would be the time to tell me.
Ayase: U-Urgh... I don't think that needs saying at this point, does it?
Satoru: I want you to anyways. That way, there's no doubt in my mind.
Ayase: Ah--! Ugh... urrrghhhh!
Ayase: Nnngh! Agh, screw it!
Ayase: Yeah, I love you! Big deal! So what?! You got a problem with that?! Am I not allowed to love you?!
Ayase: I'm so ridiculously and insanely head over heels that I get super scared when I'm alone 'cause you're not with me! What?! Is it wrong for me to feel that way?! Huh?!
Ayase: So what if I'm so freaking in love with you that I accidentally blurt out my feelings in front of you?! So what?! If you got a problem with that, then say so, dammit!
Ayase: *pant* *pant* *pant* Hmphh!
Satoru: ......
*She aggressively inches toward me, face bright red.*
*The sight of her acting so panicked and bewildered is just too much.*
Satoru: Pffft, hahaha.
*I erupt into laughter without even really meaning to.*
Satoru: Why'd you flip out like that?
Ayase: Shut up. I had to do it 'cause you drove me into a corner.
Satoru: Hehehe... Ahaha!
Ayase: Hey! Stop laughing!
*Man, I love her so damn much.*
*Each and every one of her reactions is so precious and adorable, words can't fully describe it.*
Satoru: Sorry, haha... I swear I'm not making fun of you.
Ayase: Real convincing coming from the guy that's laughing himself to death right now.
Satoru: It's an expression of the pure joy I'm feeling right now.
Ayase: Ah!
Satoru: Of course you're allowed to feel that way. I'm honored you do.
Satoru: After all, I'm just as madly in love with you.
Satoru: I mean, I kinda have to be to climb into a girl's room in the middle of the night over a single missed phone call, wouldn't you think?
Satoru: I love you so much... as much as you do--in fact, probably more. I can't even put into words how happy you make me feel.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Correct one thing.
Satoru: Hm? What's that?
Ayase: You claimed you love me more than I love you, but you're dead wrong. I love you way, way more, and I know it.
Satoru: No, I promise you I love you way more.
Ayase: Wrong. I love you more.
Ayase,Satoru: ......
Satoru: Sorry, but I love you more.
Ayase: No me.
Satoru: Me!
Ayase: Me!
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Can I ask you a question?
Ayase: What?
Satoru: Why are we turning this into a fight?
Ayase: It's not really a FIGHT...
Satoru: Let's end this pointless bickering. Glaring at each other won't get us anywhere.
Ayase: ......
*I take my eyes off her for a second, and what happens next...*
Satoru: Ah?!
Ayase: Mhh, mhh... mh, ngh... mhh!
*As soon as I process what's going on, my body goes numb, like an electric current's been run through it.*
Satoru: Mhhh?!
*This is my first kiss.*
*Her lips are far softer, far warmer than I imagined. The kiss fills me with an insatiable excitement.*
Ayase: Mhh... mh...
*Our lips are only lightly touching.*
*They would part immediately if one of us even so much as slightly moved back. But... they don't.*
Ayase: Mhh, nhh... mh, mhh...
*Our lips remain stuck.*
*We simply stand there, not moving an inch, savoring the sensation of the other's lips.*
*Actually, when are you supposed to end a kiss and pull away? I don't honestly know...*
Ayase: *smooch*... *kiss*...
*Eventually, my instincts answer that question for me. We both run out of breath, and draw our lips away.*
*That kiss must've lasted over half a minute.*
Ayase: Mhh, *gasp* *pant* *pant*
Satoru: *pant*
Ayase: S-S-S-See? I was right! I love you more.
Ayase: I love you so much that I... I gave you my first kiss!
*She desperately tries to act tough in spite of her trembling body and blushed face.*
*Man, how can one girl be so adorable and precious...*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Err, fine. I concede. Your win.
Satoru: I didn't expect you to sneak a kiss on me just to prove a point.
Ayase: Well, now that you've admitted defeat, that... that means you belong to me. Got that?
Satoru: Is that how these kinds of things work?
Ayase: You belong to me, but in exchange... I'll give you all of me.
Ayase: I'll give you... more than just kisses.
Satoru: Does that mean...
Ayase: Uh-huh. I... belong to you too.
Ayase: I'll do this... and seal our contract.
Ayase: Mhh *kiss* *kiss*... mhh...
*We bring our lips together again. This time, our second kiss.*
*I don't know if it's because this kiss wasn't a surprise...*
*But I can feel the softness and the warmth of her lips so keenly.*
Ayase: *kiss* *smooch*... mhh *kiss*...
*This kiss feels a lot more passionate than the first one.*
*Is she as impassioned as I am?*
*I suddenly find myself growing light-headed. It's almost like the heat transferred from this physical act is affecting me.*
Ayase: The contract's been sealed now.
Ayase: A-Ahhh. God, I was so nervous. My eyes were spinning... I seriously thought I was gonna black out.
Satoru: ......
*The vestiges of the heat linger on after the kiss ends.*
*I can't quite seem to control my body. It's burning up.*
*Maybe it's because this was my first time experiencing something that amazing?*
Satoru: I love you...
Ayase: Huh? Yeah, um, I-I love you too...
Satoru: I love you so, so much.
Ayase: U-Umm, wait. What are you--
Ayase: H-Hold up, hold up! Are you--what? But, wha--?!
Satoru: I belong to you and you belong to me. Is that not what you said?
Ayase: Well, yeah... I said that and all, but...
Ayase: I mean, sure, I know what comes after kisses and it's not like I WASN'T prepared for that to happen sometime, eventually, but like...
Ayase: Confessing, then kissing, and then... going all the way, that's just... way too sudden. I can't... I don't think I can...
Satoru: Afraid?
Ayase: WHAT?! Heck no! Not even in the SLIGHTEST!
Satoru: What's bothering you then?
Ayase: Are you sure you're not gonna feel let down when you... when you actually see my b-boobs?
Satoru: No.
Satoru: Well, I highly doubt it. Your breast size wasn't a factor in me falling in love with you, and either way... I'm feeling pretty horny after that kiss.
Satoru: And whatever I see, I don't think that'll change.
Ayase: Horny... So, like, an erection? You have one of those right now?
Satoru: Yep, I do.
Satoru: So, well...
Ayase: Wait, wait, wait!
Satoru: You don't wanna have sex with me?
Ayase: Umm, look, I said I'd give you my everything and I did mean that. And I know being in love with someone means doing those things, but... I dunno. I'm still scared.
Ayase: Are you really not scared?
Satoru: The horniness overrides any fear. That's just how we guys are.
Ayase: Wow. That's not fair.
Satoru: In what sense?
Ayase: I'm over here totally flustered, but you're as cool as a cucumber. It's not fair.
Satoru: I dunno what to tell you.
Ayase: H-Have you... done stuff like this before?
Satoru: Not a chance. Didn't you hear me earlier when I said that was my first kiss?
Ayase: So, what... is it 'cause you've already seen my boobs before?
Satoru: I don't think that has anything to do with it.
Ayase: Still, you HAVE seen my boobs before. I don't like that. It's unfair.
Ayase: Why don't you show me yours?
Satoru: I... don't have boobs.
Ayase: Well, you still have something I don't. Go ahead. Show me it right now.
Satoru: Er, do you mean my...
Ayase: F-F-For crying out loud, I'm telling you to whip out your dick!
Ayase: Ahhh!
Ayase: Stop trying to get a kick out of making a poor girl say dick out loud!
Satoru: I was just asking 'cause you didn't make it clear enough!
Ayase: The thought of something entering your body that you've never seen and know next to nothing about is really scary.
Ayase: But if I can get a chance to see it beforehand and analyze it in detail... then it probably won't be as scary.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: I see the point you're trying to make.
Satoru: But getting naked in front of someone who's fully clothed and having them stare at your dick sounds... incredibly embarrassing. That'd be unfair to me.
*It physically pains me to imagine that scenario.*
Ayase: F-Fine, I can get naked too. Does that sound good?
Satoru: Yeah...
Ayase: B-But you gotta turn the other way. I'd be way too embarrassed to take my clothes off with you watching.
Ayase: I also won't look at you while you take yours off.
Satoru: Alright.
*We turn our backs to each other and start stripping.*
*I can hear the audible rustling of clothes behind me.*
*Man, it's crazy how the simple sound of fabric rubbing against things can get me so excited....*
*I desperately try to keep my heart from beating out of control as I remove my remaining layers.*
**bwang**
*My fully erect dick is pointing upward at such an acute angle that it astounds me.*
Satoru: ......
Ayase: Okay, I'm done... You can look.
Ayase: ......
*I turn around to find Mitsukasa-san sitting on the bed, covering herself with the sheets.*
Ayase: Before you say anything, I did keep my word. I'm... not wearing any clothes under this sheet.
Satoru: Yeah, I know.
*I can see everything she was just wearing lying on the floor. No further clarification is needed.*
Satoru: I also kept my word.
Ayase: Yeah, I can see... *pant* *pant*... I've never seen a guy naked before. Gosh, I'm totally freaking out.
*She then slowly lowers her gaze.*
*And when it finally lands on my cock--she freezes.*
Ayase: Wha--?!
Ayase: TH-THAT... is supposed to go... inside ME?
Ayase: Hey, quick question.
Satoru: Yeah?
Ayase: How do you stack up in terms of size? Is that bigger than average?
Satoru: Hard to say...
Satoru: Not like I've ever compared with anyone, but I... guess it's not too big. So around average, I guess.
Ayase: TH-THAT'S average... Wait, wait, hold on... WHAAAAAAT? I mean, really... WHAAAAAAT?
Ayase: ......
Ayase: I-I don't think I can do this.
Satoru: Huh?
Ayase: I'm backing out.
Satoru: Huh? Backing out, you mean--? What? Are you kidding me?!
Ayase: Oh, come on, come ON! That thing cannot possibly fit inside my vagina! It's physically impossible!
Ayase: God, no WONDER they say the first time hurts! That thing is huge... and thick... *gulp*... It's not gonna fit, dammit!
Satoru: Please, you said looking at it beforehand would make you less scared.
Ayase: Yeah, and I didn't expect it be this freaking huge!
*She's DEFINITELY not joking around, I can tell.*
*The sight of my dick has terrified her. You could even say she's repulsed by it.*
Satoru: Is it really that big?
Ayase: Yes! It's gotta be at least several times bigger in diameter than my hole down there... Are you SURE that's average? Surely it's gotta be at least a little bigger. I mean, come on.
Satoru: No... I'm pretty sure it's average size.
Satoru: It's supposed to fit, so it has to, somehow.
Ayase: No way... Really? But, still, that's just WAY too...
Ayase: Time out!
Ayase: I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't! There's absolutely no way in hell I can go through with this!
Satoru: Sooo this "time out"... how long is it gonna last?
Ayase: Well, umm, how about this. Let's say I rescind my decision for today.
Ayase: I know it's kind of a mean move for me to chicken out after I told you yes... but I'm just too scared.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: *sigh*
Ayase: A-Are you mad at me?
Satoru: No, I'm not.
Satoru: I just feel a little blue-balled.
Ayase: Oh... It's getting smaller.
Ayase: I might be able to handle THAT. It might hurt a little, but it should be tolerable, I think.
Satoru: Well, I can't exactly erect and de-erect my dick at will.
Ayase: S-Sorry...
Satoru: ......
Satoru: It's alright.
Satoru: Just to clarify... You aren't rescinding your confession, though, right?
Ayase: O-Of course not!
Satoru: Alright.
Satoru: That's good enough for me. I can rest tonight satisfied... hopefully.
*I'll just have to bear with it. I'd never dare coerce her into doing something she doesn't want to.*
Ayase: Um, but... if you don't mind settling for kisses... I'll give you as many of those as you want.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Thanks, but no.
Ayase: Why?! You're mad at me! You are, aren't you?!
Satoru: I'm really not, trust me.
Satoru: The problem with is, err, look. If we did that... my boner would come back, and we'd be right back at square one.
Satoru: Do you see what I'm saying?
Ayase: Huh? Um, err...
Ayase: I'm sorry. F-Forget I ever said anything.
*Is she seriously so scared she can't help but sincerely apologize for that?*
*Well, can't really blame her, I guess. It was her first time seeing an erect penis.*
*Thus the night ended with my lust unquenched. But regardless, my heart was filled with joy.*
*It's a feeling of bliss much unlike the feeling of satisfaction I attain from a job well done during work; this feeling is one I've never experienced before.*
Ayase: I did it. I confessed. And... he said yes. We even kissed... and got naked in front of each other...
Ayase: But how is that thing supposed to fit? You're telling me that big, thick thing actually goes... INSIDE me?
Ayase: ......
Ayase: N-No way... There's no physical way that's happening.
Ayase: Actually, thinking back now, I straight-up told him to whip out his dick... That's probably the most crude thing I could've said.
Ayase: Nghhh!
Ayase: What if he thinks I'm some dirty perv now? Agh, why'd I do that! That's so not like me!
Ayase: I dunno why, but I don't even regret doing it. It makes me feel... happy when I remember it.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: I love him... I really do, don't I?
Ayase: Ahh, god! Why?! I love him so goddamn much it's making me act all out of whack!
Ayase: My body starts burning up and my mind gets all fuzzy and I can't think straight...
Ayase: I'm scared out of my mind at the thought of that thing being put inside me and I know it won't fit... but I kinda have this urge to try.
Ayase: Urgghhhhh!
Ayase: If this... If this doesn't stop, I'm not gonna freaking be able to control myself!
Ayase: Guess I'll try doing some research to see if penises are supposed to fit... Are there some, like, educational videos on YouPipe, maybe?
================================================================================
Satoru: Morning?
Satoru: ......
*The bright sunlight is shining through the window. Just your average, everyday morning. *
*But my mood is... much different than usual.*
*Last night, I confessed to Mitsukasa-san, and she reciprocated my feelings. Great. That's fantastic.*
*The problem lies in what happened after... I got naked... and let her stare at my hard-on.*
Satoru: Aghhhh!
*The embarrassment washes over me all at once. Only a bit belatedly.*
*I start squirming and writhing around in my bed.*
*I don't regret confessing, of course. I'm super glad we got to tell each other how we feel, and learn that those feelings are mutual.*
*But showing her my dick... Yeah, maybe that wasn't necessary.*
*I'm realizing the sheer stupidity of my actions in hindsight.*
Satoru: Maybe I got a bit swept away by the mood after that kiss...
*Yeah, we also kissed... And just recalling it is enough to make my body heat up.*
Satoru: Nghhh!
Satoru: Okay, time to convert this heat to energy. Let's go jogging.
Satoru: Oh.
Ayase: Oh.
Ayase,Satoru: ......
Satoru: Morning.
Ayase: Morning.
Ayase: You're up pretty early. Why are you in those clothes?
Satoru: Oh, I jog every morning. Gotta stay in shape.
Satoru: What are you up doing at this time?
Ayase: Well, about that... I kinda had trouble sleeping.
Satoru: Me too.
Ayase: Hey, do you mind if I, um, come with you?
Satoru: You wanna jog with me?
Ayase: No, I definitely wouldn't be able to keep up with you. I was talking about something different.
Ayase: I won't bother you while you jog, I just want to, like, hang out and chat whenever you take a break.
Satoru: Sure, fine by me.
Ayase: Cool. Thanks.
Satoru: *pant* *pant* *pant*... *pant* *pant* *pant*
Satoru: *pant* *pant* *pant*
Ayase: Here ya go.
Satoru: Thanks, Mitsukasa-san.
*She holds out my towel to me.*
*I take it without delay and wipe my sweat.*
Ayase: You've been going at it for quite a while... Are you still gonna do more?
Satoru: Nah, I'm done now.
Ayase: Is this your usual distance?
Ayase: Or were you trying to impress me?
Satoru: Err, I think I was just running a bit faster than usual.
*I ended up going at it a bit harder than normal so I could quell this smoldering heat in my chest.*
Satoru: But it's not a big difference. I basically have to at least run this much every day.
Ayase: Makes sense, I guess. Your job is pretty demanding... not that I actually know anything about it.
Satoru: So what'd you wanna talk about?
Satoru: People usually aren't out this early, so we're good.
Ayase: Oh, uh, yeah. It's about last night.
Ayase: I did some thinking, and I kinda owe you an apology. I asked you to do something pretty crazy, but then I chickened out myself...
Satoru: No need to dwell on that. I also kinda realized I was being a bit too antsy.
Satoru: We've only been dating for a day, so no need to rush things.
Satoru: Err... we are dating, right?
Ayase: Oh, yeah, of course. That'd be... a pretty big problem if we weren't.
Satoru: Phew, that's a relief to hear. I probably would've broken down into tears if you'd said no.
Satoru: I really love you, Mitsukasa-san.
Ayase: I love you... too.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Ngh!
Ayase: Look, are you trying to embarrass me on purpose? 'Cause I think you are!
Satoru: That was never my intention.
Satoru: But... I'll admit, I did kinda say that on purpose to get you to respond. Hearing you say you love me gets me feeling all giddy inside.
Ayase: Urgh... I can painfully relate...
Ayase: But whatever. I need to confirm something right here and now.
Satoru: What's that?
Ayase: Are you really sure you're okay with this?
Satoru: Do I need to say it again? I thought I made it clear that I love you.
Ayase: I know. That makes me happy and all, but that's not what I'm referring to.
Ayase: Your job is pretty unique, right? So, um, I was just wondering if... you're even allowed to have a girlfriend or anything.
Satoru: Oh, right...
Satoru: I can't 100\% say there WON'T be issues.
Ayase: O-Oh... I knew it wouldn't be that easy.
Satoru: Ah, no, I'm not implying they'll tell me to break up with you or anything.
Satoru: Being in a relationship in and of itself isn't the issue.
Ayase: You're kinda scaring me now. What IS the issue then?
Satoru: Honest to god, I love you from the bottom of my heart, and I don't want to hide anything from you or lie to you.
Satoru: But... there are some things I'm simply not allowed to divulge to other people, and I can't make exceptions for personal relationships.
Satoru: Reason being, I'm not the only person affected by that information.
Ayase: Yeah. I don't mind that.
Ayase: I don't necessarily LIKE secrets... but it's fine. I understand that information is confidential.
Satoru: ...I see.
Ayase: I don't care; I'm happy right now. I'd rather savor the joy I get from being with you than sour it by talking about all this gloomy stuff.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Is it just me, or did I just say something ridiculously cheesy?
Satoru: No, I agree with it.
Satoru: And I'm not teasing you. I mean it.
Ayase: Okay.
Ayase: So... umm... I hate to spring this on you now, but there's also a few things about me that I can't tell you.
Satoru: This isn't related to some secret job, like mine, I'm guessing?
Ayase: Oh, no. Nothing like that... It's just, um... some stuff about my father.
*Oh, yeah. I remember her telling me a while back that she was born from an affair.*
Ayase: Oh, but it's not because I don't trust you. I do, I promise.
Ayase: He's just, well, a bit of a reputable person... and I know certain things that aren't allowed to become public knowledge for reasons.
Ayase: Also, uh... some other things.
Satoru: That's fine.
Satoru: I know you love me, and I trust you.
Satoru: I won't ask you to tell me anything you can't.
Ayase: Sorry. Thanks for being so understanding.
Satoru: It goes both ways.
Ayase: I won't ask you to tell me anything you aren't allowed to, but umm... There is one thing I'd like to ask, if possible.
Satoru: Sure. What is it?
Ayase: You may not be able to say anything, but what you're doing is beneficial to society, right?
Ayase: Can I believe in your integrity as the person who saved me?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: It's not always as black and white as "beat up bad people, save good people."
Satoru: I mean, we're a secret organization. That fact alone should tell you this isn't the kind of job you can just wear on your chest with pride.
Satoru: But I ultimately entered this line of work so I could help others.
*I look her in the eye as I answer her.*
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Okay. That's a good-enough answer for me.
Satoru: Thanks.
Satoru: Alright. I'm done with my jogging, so let's head back to the dorm.
Satoru: So, uh, yeah. I thought I should inform you that I have a girlfriend now.
Ryuunosuke: "Damn, really? I never thought I'd live to see the day..."
Ryuunosuke: "I'm a proud father! You're actually living a nice, fulfilling life there! Ahhhh!"
Satoru: Geez, don't start crying about it...
Satoru: Just to be clear, there are no problems with me having one, right?
Ryuunosuke: "You bet not. Some of our people are married and even have kids. Well, you have to go through a process for that, though."
Ryuunosuke: "I'm sure I don't need to tell you this, but no mentioning the SFD, you hear me?"
Satoru: Of course. I've never told her any specifics about the organization.
Ryuunosuke: "Good."
Ryuunosuke: "If she were to learn of us, that wouldn't only affect you; she'd get in a lot of trouble too. So do keep that in mind."
Satoru: Yes, sir.
*I'll be fine as long as I don't blurt anything out on accident.*
*......*
Satoru: (Damn, I'm kinda worried.)
*As sad as it is, I'm not sure I can trust myself in that regard.*
*Then again, even though I blurt out insensitive remarks on the daily, I've never revealed anything work-related.*
*And not just during my time here at Kikka Academy. It's never happened for as long as I've been a part of the SFD.*
*As long I'm careful, there should be nothing to worry about.*
Ryuunosuke: "Good thing it's Mitsukasa Ayase, too. Means we don't have to worry about it being a honey trap."
Ryuunosuke: "It'd be pretty damn unrealistic for all those attacks on her to've been part of some long-scale, elaborate plan."
Satoru: I just hope you're not jinxing it by saying that.
Ryuunosuke: "Haha, sorry. Either way, she's the girl that's dating my son now, so I'm hoping everything goes well."
Satoru: Thanks.
Ryuunosuke: "However! Personal matters are not to interfere with work."
Ryuunosuke: "I'll still be expecting you to give work 110\%."
Satoru: Absolutely.
Satoru: Oh, speaking of which. How'd everything go last night after I left?
Ryuunosuke: "Great. Thanks to your assistance, both suspects were apprehended and we've already handed them over to the police."
Ryuunosuke: "Also, we did check all the security cameras in the area you were in. Nothing turned up."
Ryuunosuke: "I'm not doubting you, but are you SURE you saw someone?"
Satoru: I thought I saw SOMETHING, but honestly... I can't say for certain if it was a person.
Satoru: There's also a good chance I was just imagining it. Sorry to put you through the trouble.
Ryuunosuke: "No, those sort of things can't be ignored. If there's anything you notice, report it to me ASAP."
Ryuunosuke: "But you won't have to worry about any further assignments for a while."
Ryuunosuke: "We got the crooks and there's nothing we need searched for in the AIMS database."
Satoru: Alright.
Ryuunosuke: "Just focus on nurturing that relationship with your new girlfriend. You only get to experience being young once, after all."
Satoru: Hmm...
Ryuunosuke: "What's wrong, son? Something on your mind?"
Satoru: Just a question... What does it mean to "nurture" a relationship?
Ryuunosuke: "What?"
Satoru: I mean, I already feel like I'm on cloud nine. Where does it go beyond this?
Ryuunosuke: "Haha, hahaha... Pffft, hahaha!"
Ryuunosuke: "Never thought I'd hear my little Satoru of all people talking like lovestruck Romeo! Ahaha!"
Satoru: Tch.
Satoru: That was everything I had to report. I'm ending the call now.
Ryuunosuke: "Wait, wait, don't hang up! I'm not laughing at you. Don't get mad."
Ryuunosuke: "I'm happy for you, as your father. I thought you cared more about work than chasing girls, so this is a pleasant surprise. I mean it."
Satoru: ......
Ryuunosuke: "Don't worry about being in the SFD."
Ryuunosuke: "She already knows your work isn't really what you'd call normal."
Ryuunosuke: "I'm the one who told you to enjoy life there anyways. As long as you draw a fine line between your private life and work life, you won't hear a single complaint out of my mouth."
Satoru: Okay. Thanks.
Ryuunosuke: "I wish you many years of happiness together."
Satoru: Don't get ahead of yourself...
Satoru: I mean, it's not like we just got married or something.
Ryuunosuke: "Hahaha! Very true."
Ryuunosuke: "That's all from me. Out."
*Just like that, he ends the call.*
Satoru: I know I had no choice, but damn... Having to tell your dad you got a girlfriend is so embarrassing.
Satoru: Oh, crap. I'm running out of time. Gotta go down and eat breakfast.
Satoru: Hm?
Ayase: Oh.
*In a situation that screams deja vu, I walk downstairs and run into Mitsukasa-san.*
Satoru: Hey. Need something?
Ayase: Err, kinda. I was just wondering if we could eat together.
Satoru: Sure. I'd be happy to.
Satoru: Let's go.
Ayase: Mhm.
? ? ?: *stare*
*Mitsukasa-san and I are sitting across from each other as we eat.*
*It's the same old delicious breakfast I eat every morning.*
Ayase: Mh...
Satoru: *munch* *munch*
*But something about it... tastes DIFFERENT.*
Ayase: ......
Ayase: What the heck. Something's wrong with me.
Satoru: What do you mean?
Ayase: My food has, like, no taste whatsoever.
Satoru: Well, don't worry. Mine too.
*This is far from the first time we've eaten together.*
*But there was always someone else with us, like Nijouin-san or Kyouhei.*
*This is our first time eating together just the two of us.*
*Also it bears mentioning that we're dating now.*
*I wonder if it's because we had that passionate little reaffirming of our feelings earlier?*
*My heart's pounding like crazy and my body is boiling hot.*
Ayase: Nghhh!
Ayase: Why am I getting so nervous now?
Ayase: Eating together is nothing compared to what happened last night... Yeah, compared to THAT thing, this is nothing...
Ayase: THAT thing... Ah. Ahh! Ahhh! Ahhhh! Ahhhhh! Ahhhhhh!
Satoru: You okay over there?
Ayase: Urgh... I'm really not. Its image is still stuck in my mind.
Ayase: And now that I'm remembering it, my appetite is just, like... gone.
Satoru: Was it REALLY that gross?
Ayase: No, I didn't mean that literally. It's not like it was seriously horrifying enough to kill my appetite or anything.
Ayase: I mean, yeah, it looked hard as a rock, but somehow despite that the tip was all shiny-looking, and pink, like... almost like it was alive.
Ayase: I was just, like "Wow. Damn. That's kinda gross,"... I mean, I knew some stuff, but I didn't expect it to, just, point to the ceiling like... Ahhhh!
Ayase: Gooosh! Stop making me remember everything!
Satoru: I didn't do a damn thing!
Ayase: All I'm trying to say is it wasn't horrifying it just makes me feel kinda weird, okay?!
Ayase: I said and did a bunch of... really crazy things yesterday. And when I recall everything, my mind just becomes a complete mess.
Satoru: Just try not to stress yourself out overthinking it.
Satoru: You seem like you're liable to have a full-on panic attack.
Ayase: Yeah...
Ayase: Heck, I pretty much DID have a panic attack last night. Like, what in my right mind prompted me tell you to whip out your d-d-dic--
Satoru: Okay, stop right there! We're in the canteen right now, or did you forget that?!
Ayase: Huh? Ah! Oh god, I was about to...
*She frantically looks left and right.*
*I also do a quick check of our surroundings... Good. Doesn't seem like we've drawn anyone's attention.*
Ayase: We would've been so screwed if I shouted that out. God, that was close...
Satoru: Yeah, I take what I said earlier back. You ARE having a full-blown panic attack.
Ayase: Wow, shut up. Whose fault do think this is?
Satoru: I know.
Satoru: And it makes me happy to see how flustered you get over me.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: You're so calm it's irritating the hell out of me.
Satoru: Why is that irritating?
Ayase: 'Cause it feels like... I'm the only one who's this c-crazy in love.
Satoru: You know that's not true. I mean, think back to what I did last night. That was pretty crazy.
Satoru: My composure was completely gone.
Ayase: Well, okay...
Ayase: But how come you're so composed today?
Ayase: I-It's not 'cause you're... mad that I chickened out last night... and now you don't like me anymore?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Lean forward.
Ayase: Huh? Wh-What is it?
*She obediently leans her face toward me as per my beckoning.*
*I then reach my hand out, and...*
Satoru: Hngh!
Ayase: OWWW?!
*Flick her.*
*Right on the forehead.*
Ayase: Wh-Wh-What the heck was that for?!
Satoru: That's what you get for saying what you said.
Satoru: Say anything like that again, and I'll get REALLY mad. And a tiny flick to the forehead will be the least of your worries then.
Satoru: You basically implied I don't love you. That hurts.
Ayase: Urgh... I'm sorry.
Ayase: I really didn't mean for it to come across like that, I'm just... I dunno. I'm worried.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Trust me, you have no reason to worry.
Satoru: We're dating now. You're my girlfriend.
Ayase: We're DATING... I'm your GIRLFRIEND...
Ayase: Ahhhh!
Ayase: My head feels all dizzy now...
Satoru: Well, we're a new couple, so we're in no need to rush. Let's just take things at a normal pace.
Ayase: Mhm. Thanks.
? ? ?: *stare*
Ayase: But what is a NORMAL pace?
Satoru: Hm?
Ayase: You said we should take things at a normal pace, but what does that mean?
Satoru: Hmm...
Satoru: I can't say for sure, but I think most people start out with holding hands, linking arms, kissing.
Satoru: Stuff like that, for the most part.
Ayase: What? But we've already kissed.
*That is true...*
Satoru: And after kissing, naturally, comes sex... Yeah, I guess that's right.
Ayase: S-SEX. That impossibly giant thing is gonna have to be put... inside my poor vagina.
Ayase: Ahhhhhh!
Satoru: I mean, nothing says it has to happen immediately after. Don't panic just yet.
Satoru: Let me think, hmm. Oh yeah, we could have a date. See? There's plenty of stuff to do as a couple.
Ayase: Oh, a date. Yeah! That's an option too.
Satoru: Hmm, a date...
Ayase: ......
Ayase: O-Okay, we should probably start heading towards class before it gets too late.
Satoru: Yeah.
? ? ?: *stare*
Kaori: So, in conclusion, the basis of astral technology is still grounded in the theory that--
Ayase: ......
Ayase: (A date... Hmm.)
Ayase: (That sounds really enticing. A date with my boyfriend... I hope he actually asks me out on one.)
Ayase: (Ugh, but he can be super dense when it comes to stuff like this. Maybe I should bring it up?)
Ayase: (All I gotta do is be like "Wanna go on a date tomorrow?" That's easy. I can totally say that.)
Ayase: (I mean, we're dating now, so there shouldn't be anything wrong with the girl being the one to ask... I think. Should I actually do it?)
Ayase: (But...)
Ayase: (Having a date would probably mean we'd have sex afterwards... And that means I'd have to deal with his... dick for real this time...)
Ayase: (When it was erect, it looked super hard... almost like a rock... and it was sticking upright all on its own.)
Ayase: (But when it goes limp, it gets all soft and flaccid... What the heck? How does it do that?)
Ayase: (Most parts on a person's body can't just change size and texture like that. Like, what's soft stays soft and what's hard stays hard.)
Ayase: (The fact that a penis can do that is TOTALLY abnormal.)
Ayase: (I swear, it has to be a separate organism or something. Lemme think... What was it shaped like again?)
Ayase: Hm...
Ayase: Hmhm...
Ayase: Hmm?
Ayase: AH?!
Kaori: Huh? Is something the matter, Mitsukasa-san?
Ayase: Wha--?! O-Oh no, it's nothing!
Ayase: My sincerest apologies for interrupting class. Please continue.
Kaori: It's nothing? Alright then.
Ayase: Urgh...
Ayase: (What the heck am I doing?! I'm drawing a dick in my notebook instead of taking notes!)
Ayase: (Oh god! I've become obsessed with dicks!)
Ayase: (There's the limp dick, and then there's the hard dick...)
Ayase: (Ahhhh! The image of his dick is freaking seared into my miiiiiind!)
Ayase: (My obsession with his dick is getting so bad that it's having a negative impact on my daily life.)
Ayase: (O wondrous penis... I cannot stop thinking of... So hard, yet so soft.)
Ayase: (No, no, no! This is not the time to be thinking up freaking dick haikus!)
Ayase: (Ugh, maybe I really should've gone through with it last night...)
Ayase: (Wait, no, that's not MY fault. That thing was downright terrifying. No girl would wanna have that thing put in their vagina.)
Ayase: (It's supposed to fit, though, right? But how? How in heck? He said his was average, but I'm just not seeing it.)
Ayase: (Wait. Maybe my vagina's just smaller than average?)
*It's easy enough to compare boob size with other girls, but yeah, nobody's really gonna be comparing the size of their holes.*
*I'm pretty average in terms of height, and weight, and stuff like that.*
*But my boobs are VERY obviously smaller than average. So maybe that also means I'm below average down there? Hmm...*
Ayase: (Or maybe the hole gets bigger the more you stretch it? Agh, damn it. Why did I never masturbate! I'm regretting my life choices so much right now!)
Ayase: (No, stop, Ayase. There's no point in regretting that now... I don't even have the mental capacity to do that.)
Ayase: (I keep thinking back to his dick and it just gets me more and more afraid.)
Ayase: (Instead of agonizing over it day in and day out, maybe I should just... get it over with.)
Ayase: (Yeah! It's big and gross and scary, sure, but he's my boyfriend. I can get over that.)
Ayase: (I love him so much, and it's part of his body... so I can eventually learn to love his dick too!)
Ayase: (......)
Ayase: (But it's gonna hurt like hell. I don't like pain... I'm scared... Urghh.)
*During lunch break.*
Satoru: What the heck?
*I've been feeling like someone's watching me this entire day.*
*I initially wrote it off as just my imagination... but that doesn't seem to be the case.*
*I still feel someone's eyes on me.*
*And not just a random glance from one of the many people here in the hallway. Someone is... deliberately staring at me.*
Satoru: (Is someone spying on me?)
*Shit, was I found out?! Maybe they caught me when I snuck out yesterday?!*
*......*
*No, it's too early to jump to conclusions.*
*First things first, I gotta figure out who it is...*
Ayase: Oh, Arihara-kun!
Satoru: Ah?!
Ayase: Wh-Why'd you jump? Is something wrong?
Satoru: ......
*No, it wasn't her.*
*It can't have been, because I've sensed the person watching me even when I'm talking with Mitsukasa-san.*
*So then who could it be?*
Ayase: Hey, what's wrong?
Satoru: Er, sorry. It's nothing.
Satoru: So did you need something?
Ayase: Can we eat lunch together?
Satoru: Sure, that sounds great.
Satoru: Do you wanna go to one of the dorms, or somewhere else?
Ayase: Somewhere alone, just the two of us, if you don't mind.
Ayase: I wanna talk with you about something too.
Satoru: Ah, okay. I'm gonna go buy a sandwich or something and then I'll be right there.
Ayase: Okay. I'll be waiting.
Satoru: ......
? ? ?: FISHY.
Satoru: One croquette sandwich, a yakisoba bread roll, and a cutlet sandwich please.
*After buying a bunch of sandwiches at the school store, I leave and walk down the hall towards the room Mitsukasa-san is in, when all of a sudden--*
Satoru: ......
*Someone really is watching me.*
*It's definitely not  my imagination and it's definitely not Mitsukasa-san.*
Satoru: (But whoever it is, they really aren't being very sneaky.)
Satoru: (Hmm. Maybe they intentionally sent someone untrained so I'd let my guard down, while a second, expert-level spy that the decoy doesn't know about observes me from the shadows? Double-layered spying, basically.)
Satoru: (But that'd be a pretty drastic measure to be taking right off the bat. Also, there's multiple gazes. Three... no, maybe four?)
Satoru: (And I feel like I know them.)
Satoru: ......
*I continue walking down the hallway, pretending I haven't noticed anything.*
*Then, after turning down a corner, I stop and hide my presence.*
Kyouhei: He's acting TOTALLY suspicious.
Nanami: Um, should we really be doing this?
Hazuki: I would have to agree. This seems to be taking things a little TOO far.
Mayu: Don't you wanna know what's going on, though?
Chisaki: Come on! We gotta hurry or else we'll lose him!
Everyone: Oh.
Satoru: Alright, fess up.
Satoru: What's going on here?
Everyone: Ahaha.
Satoru: So, er, yeah. One thing led to another, and... I'm sorry.
Ayase: ......
Satoru: I didn't know what else to do other than bring them along.
Everyone: We're sorry.
Ayase: Oh no, you don't have to apologize.
Ayase: I simply feel like I've gotten myself all excited for nothing now. Aha, ahaha... *sigh*
Satoru: ......
*That heavy sigh coupled with the way she dropped her shoulders paints a very clear picture of how she feels on the inside.*
*Man, I almost feel bad now.*
Ayase: For what reason were you tailing Arihara-kun, though?
Kyouhei: Well, about that. You guys have been acting kinda funny today.
Ayase,Satoru: ......
*She and I both exchange a glance at each other.*
Hazuki: You accompanied him on his physical exercise session today, did you not?
Ayase,Satoru: Urk.
Chisaki: Then you ate breakfast together too. And things seemed very... intimate between the two of you.
Nanami: You even gave her a forehead flick. That doesn't feel like something you'd normally do to her.
Ayase,Satoru: Well...
Kyouhei: Then you also walked to class together after that.
Mayu: I saw you both blushing and getting super flustered along the way. Which led me to believe something was different between the two of you.
Ayase,Satoru: ......
Hazuki: But what was most suspect was the way you behaved during class, Mitsukasa-san.
Hazuki: You weren't listening or paying attention. Your mind seemed to be in some other place the entire time. 
Ayase: Urk... W-Well, that was...
Hazuki: The Mitsukasa-san I know would never space out during class time.
Hazuki: I got a little worried after that, because I figured something might be troubling you.
Mayu: I want to help you if you're struggling with something.
Nanami: Everything seemed normal until today. Now, all of a sudden, things are... noticeably different.
Chisaki: I figured maybe I was just imagining it, so I asked everyone about it, and they all agreed with my observations.
Kyouhei: So, yeah, we decided we'd just ask you directly... And then we spotted you both talking alone again.
Satoru: Damn, so you've been tailing me that long.
Everyone: We're sorry.
Ayase: Oh no, you have no need to feel apologetic.
Ayase: I appreciate that you're so concerned about me.
*Well, it's nothing worth getting upset over.*
*The reason for their concern lies with us.*
*But, to be perfectly honest... I'm not sure it justifies tailing someone.*
*Still, they didn't do it out of idle curiosity and they seem remorseful enough.*
*So, with all of that considered, I can't find it in me to get mad at them.*
Kyouhei: So, allow me to re-ask.
Kyouhei: What happened? Something's definitely going on between you two.
Satoru: Err...
Ayase: About that...
Ayase,Satoru: ......
*She and I look at each other again.*
Ayase: (Wh-What's the plan? Do we just tell them?)
*It's hardly difficult to read the strained expression on her face and figure out what she's asking.*
Satoru: ......
*Pretty sure they already have some idea. I don't see much point in trying to hide it.*
*Besides, they're all good friends.*
*We can safely trust them not to go spreading the news like wildfire.*
Satoru: Okay. Can I go ahead and tell them?
Ayase: Y-Yes, please...
Satoru: Alright.
*I nod then turn around towards the others.*
Satoru: Some things happened and, uhhh... Mitsukasa-san and I are now dating.
Mayu: Ohh!
Hazuki: By "dating" you mean... a relationship of boyfriend and girlfriend?
Ayase: Yes...
Mayu: Congrats!
Chisaki: Congratulations!
Kyouhei: You and Mitsukasa-san? I had a hunch, but dang, I'm still stunned.
Kyouhei: Oh, sorry. Congrats. That's what I ought to be saying.
Hazuki: Boyfriend and girlfriend... Ah, I see. You're boyfriend and girlfriend now.
Hazuki: That explains why you've been acting quite different around one another. I'm relieved to know that is the reason.
Hazuki: Congratulations on your new relationship.
Satoru: Thanks.
Ayase: Th-Thank you.
Nanami: Ahhhh... Onii-chan, with AYASE-SENPAI?
Nanami: A-Are you really sure you want this monkey?!
Satoru: Who are you calling a monkey?!
Nanami: Well, Ayase-senpai is like a celebrity. I'm sure she could find someone, like, a million times better.
Satoru: Nanami, dear sister of mine. Aren't you being a little cruel towards your brother?
Ayase: I-I'm... okay with him. Wait, that isn't the right way to put it.
Ayase: Arihara-kun is the only person I want to be my boyfriend.
Everyone: Whoa.
Nanami: ......
Nanami: Alright. If you're fine with it, I won't say anything further.
Nanami: He's a colossal idiot who can't do a single thing on his own, but I hope you can make him happy.
Ayase: Ah, yes, of course. I will... do everything I can.
Nanami: Listen to me, Satoru-kun. You really gotta shape up if you're gonna be Ayase-senpai's boyfriend.
Satoru: I know that.
Nanami: Also.
*She slowly leans in and whispers softly in a volume where nobody will overhear.*
Nanami: Have you told Dad?
Satoru: Of course I have.
Nanami: Okay. Then I guess that means I don't have to do that.
Nanami: Congratulations, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Thanks.
Nanami: And congratulations to you too, Ayase-senpai.
Ayase: Thank you very much, Nanami-san.
Nanami: You actually got yourself a girlfriend...
Nanami: That's a weight off my back. I was seriously worried you'd stay single for the rest of your life.
Nanami: It's good to know I won't have to look after you when you're an old man now!
Satoru: You were seriously concerned about... that?
*Well, I guess I can't blame her.*
*This is the first time I've ever displayed any interest in a girl.*
Mayu: Man, I'm sure relieved it was something good going on.
Chisaki: Yeah, same here.
Hazuki: I understand now what kind of relationship you two are in.
Hazuki: That's perfectly fine, of course. I have no issues with it in and of itself.
Hazuki: However, if you do ever find yourself troubled by something, you can always come and consult with me.
Hazuki: I know I have never been in a romantic relationship with a man... and I know next to nothing about them to begin with.
Hazuki: But still, I will lend you an ear.
Hazuki: Don't hesitate to come to me if you ever need help with anything.
Mayu: Me too, me too! You can always come to little ole me for advice.
Mayu: That being said, I've never had a boyfriend either.
Mayu: But I have heard stories from people, so I at least know some stuff.
Kyouhei: I'm not sure how much help I'd be since I'm a dude and all.
Kyouhei: But if you ever want a guy's opinion on something, I'm always available!
Chisaki: I'm also here for you anytime if you need something!
Nanami: Me too.
Ayase: Thank you so much. I'm truly grateful to all of you.
Hazuki: So then I take it the reason for your lack of focus during class time earlier was because you were thinking of Arihara-kun?
Ayase: Um, well! That's somewhat true, but it more like I was thinking about something ON him...
Ayase: Nghhh!
Ayase: (Agh, god! I can't just come out and say I was thinking about his freaking DICK the entire time!)
*I almost feel like I could hear her shouting that in her head.*
*Of course, I can't actually read her thoughts... but considering that she's groaning, blushing, and twisting and turning, I'm probably not too far off the mark.*
*Man, I feel like I straight-up traumatized her. I hope she'll be okay.*
Hazuki: Hmm? Why is your face bright red?
Ayase: It's nothing! Please don't worry about it.
*And she somehow manages to maintain her smile. Talk about a truly impressive feat.*
Mayu: Is there something bothering you?
Ayase: No, nothing of the sort...
Hazuki: Then what was distracting you during class?
Ayase: It, umm, it was just--
Ayase: Unnngh.
Chisaki: Oh! I think I get it now.
Ayase: What?! How did you figure out?! I-I didn't accidentally say something, did I?!
Chisaki: No, I don't know WHAT you were thinking about.
Chisaki: It's probably just one of those innocent worries people have when they start dating someone.
Mayu: Ah, right.
Mayu: Makes sense. Some relationship problems aren't really in the realm of what you can discuss with friends.
Kyouhei: Actually, now that I think about it... They probably want to be alone right now.
Hazuki: Apologies for bothering you. We'll leave immediately.
Ayase: Wait! I never said you had to leave.
Nanami: But, um, you were waiting here so you and Satoru-kun could spend some alone time together, right?
Ayase: Well, that... I was.
Nanami: You don't have to feel bad. We'll leave.
Chisaki: We're all really happy for you two! And we want you to be able to spend as much time together as you can.
Mayu: Yep.
Kyouhei: Sorry we didn't catch on. We'll be more careful from now on.
Mayu: Flirt all you want. Don't mind us.
Hazuki: F-Flirting? I-I don't know about that. I'm not sure if such... intimate conduct would be appropriate at school.
Hazuki: Yes, regular students aren't permitted to enter this room, and it can be locked from the inside, but still!
Hazuki: You should not engage, umm... in such intimate deeds in a public space... That should be reserved for some place private, at night time, in a more romantic situation...
Mayu: Umm, that's not QUITE what I had in mind. I just meant simple, innocuous things like holding hands.
Chisaki: I guess Nijouin-san thinks flirting means sex.
Hazuki: WHA--?!
Chisaki: Wow, that's kind of a shocker. I thought you were more prim and proper.
Hazuki: Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-You're wrong! That is not what I was thinking at all! I am not a pervert!
Mayu: Yes, yes, I'm sure you're not. We'll listen to your excuses in the canteen, so let's go have lunch.
Kyouhei: Man, I'm starving. My hunger has reached dangerous levels. My stomach feels like it's gonna implode any moment.
Nanami: We'll be leaving now, Ayase-senpai.
Nanami: And Satoru-kun, try to get too carried away in your excitement.
Satoru: I won't.
Satoru: Mitsukasa-san is very important to me. I'm gonna do everything I can to treat her right.
Ayase: Nghh!
All Three: Whoa!
Ayase: You didn't have to say that in front of everyone...
Satoru: But I'm serious.
Nanami: Good luck!
Everyone: Have fun!
*I appreciate the consideration, I really do...*
*But the problem is, even though they're gone now, I can't exactly shift gears at the drop of a hat.*
Satoru: ......
Ayase: ......
*An awkward air looms over us.*
*We're both overly conscious of each other after what just happened, and we're too embarrassed to say anything.*
*I chew on my sandwiches in silence... until finally, I finish the last one.*
Satoru: Those were good.
Ayase: Mhm.
Satoru: ......
Ayase: ......
Satoru: During class--
Ayase: Ah?! Wh-What?!
Satoru: Nijouin-san mentioned something about you being distracted during class. Truth be told, I kinda noticed it too.
Ayase: Was I acting that weird?
Ayase: Do you think our other classmates noticed too?
Satoru: Hard to say. You'd probably already caught Nijouin-san's attention before classes started.
Satoru: And me, well, I'm probably a bit of an exception.
Satoru: You're my girlfriend, so I can't help but stare.
Ayase: O-Oh...
Satoru: So what was eating at you so much it made you lose focus during class?
Ayase: Well, err...
Ayase: Umm, listen! Today's Friday, yeah?!
Satoru: Yeah.
Ayase: And the day that comes after Friday is Saturday!
Satoru: Right.
Ayase: So, um, I was thinking... 
Ayase: I was thinking...
Ayase: (Why am I getting cold feet now?! All I have to do is say the word "date"!)
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Mitsukasa-san.
Ayase: Ahh?! Wha's it?!
Satoru: You said you belong to me now, right?
Satoru: We made a little contract or something.
Ayase: Y-Yeah.
Satoru: So could I please borrow your time this Saturday?
Ayase: You mean...
Satoru: I wanna go on a date with you tomorrow.
Ayase: O-Of course!
Ayase: Ah! I mean--I-I GUESS I can. If you REALLY want to so badly.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: We don't have to if you already got plans. I don't wanna force you to come along if you don't want to.
Ayase: What?! No, I do!
Ayase: Nghh!
Ayase: I'm sorry, I was just trying to act cool. I want to go on a date as badly as you do...
Ayase: Wait. You knew all this from the start, didn't you?!
Satoru: Yeah.
Ayase: Wow, no hesitation whatsoever! You're a meany-head!
Satoru: Sorry, couldn't help myself there.
Satoru: I would love to spend more time with you and I'd love to go on a date with you, so if you could please say yes, that would make my day.
Ayase: Of course I'll say yes.
*She smiles, with a hint of embarrassment... and also with a hint of joy and excitement.*
*The corners of my mouth curve into a grin upon seeing an expression she normally never makes.*
Satoru: (Man, I just love her so much.)
*My chest is filled with warm feelings.*
================================================================================
*The next day.*
Ayase: I wanna talk about today's, um... today's d-date.
*Apparently she'd gotten up early again today.*
*Just like yesterday, she watched me as I jogged, and when I was on my break, she came up wanting to talk about something.*
*That something being today's date...*
*Man, I'm still half in disbelief. I'm really, actually going on a date with a girl.*
Ayase: Do you already have a schedule thought out?
Satoru: Hm? Well, nothing really CONCRETE, but I do have some ideas.
Satoru: I'm the one who asked you out, so naturally I took some time to plan. I don't want us wasting time bickering about it or anything.
Satoru: I know this sounds kinda old-fashioned... but I want to be the one to take YOU out on a date.
*Not that I have much confidence, because I really don't...*
Ayase: O-Oh.
Satoru: Did you have any plans or things you wanted to do?
Ayase: Huh? Oh, no, nothing like that.
Ayase: If you made plans already, I'm fine with that.
Satoru: Well, I'm not terribly confident in my ideas, so if you have any, then please, by all means, throw 'em out there.
Satoru: All I basically did was go on the internet and see what movies are currently showing and what good cafes we have in the area.
Satoru: I want this date to consist of things that BOTH of us will enjoy. So yeah, tell me what you're thinking.
Ayase: I don't... NOT want to do those things...
Ayase: But can I, um, make a little suggestion?
Satoru: Sure. If there's something you wanna do, I'm all ears.
Ayase: Okay. But just as a forewarning, we won't be able to do any of the things you mentioned.
Satoru: You're starting to scare me now.
Satoru: Do you wanna, er, cancel the date or something?
Ayase: No, definitely not. I'm also... really excited to go on a date with you.
Satoru: Phew, that's good.
Ayase: My suggestion is basically, er... an indoors date? Like, instead of going outside, why don't we just stay in one of our rooms and hang out?
Satoru: Ah, okay. I see what you mean.
Ayase: Once I stopped and thought about it... I kinda realized we've skipped over a lot of steps in our relationship.
Satoru: True.
*We learned each other's most deepest secret before we even exchanged our names.*
*Then, I became her bodyguard, and we became extremely close in an extremely short period of time.*
*And hell, we made out before we even held hands.*
Ayase: I tried thinking of various things we could do too, but it hit me that I don't really know what you enjoy doing.
Satoru: Yeah, I ran into that same problem.
*That's why all my ideas were extremely basic, failsafe stuff like going to the movies.*
Ayase: I figured I ought to take the chance to, well, get to know you better first. I wanna know your preferences, your hobbies, all that stuff.
Satoru: So that's why you suggested the indoors date?
Ayase: Yeah. I figured a more relaxed atmosphere would be better for getting to know each other...
Ayase: But I agree, that's kinda boring. You're supposed to get out and do stuff on a date.
Ayase: Just forget I suggested that.
Satoru: No, I agree with that, and I want to get to know you better too.
Satoru: I guess you could say I was a little... exhilarated by the prospect of going on a date with you, so I didn't give it any deeper thought.
Ayase: You don't have to feel bad about that, really.
Ayase: You put a lot of thought and effort into making this date something enjoyable, and that makes me really happy.
Satoru: I feel like my focus was in the wrong place, though.
Satoru: Yeah. Let's go with your suggestion today. First thing we should do is learn more about each other.
*Our decision has been made.*
*It's not really anything fancy or romantic, but I guess it's better for us to just do what we want instead of feeling pressured to do what's considered "standard" for a date.*
Satoru: Alright, so whose room should we hang out in?
Satoru: I don't care either way.
Ayase: Same for me, but I'm kinda getting a craving for some more of your plum kelp tea.
Satoru: Oh, sure. I've got plenty of that.
Ayase: Thanks. We can use my room then.
Ayase: What time?
Satoru: How does right after breakfast sound?
Ayase: Yep. Sounds fine by me.
Ayase: Oh, but I haven't put my laundry away yet... Wait! I need to put THAT away too.
Ayase: Sorry, I think I need a little more time.
Satoru: Hmm, okay. What about ten then?
Ayase: That works. I should be done with everything by then.
*A few hours later, and it's now 10:00 AM.*
*I'm standing in front of Mitsukasa-san's room.*
Satoru: ......
*Why am I so jittery...*
*Is it because I'm on the girl's floor, about to spend time alone with my girlfriend in her room?*
Satoru: It's weird. I've been alone in her room with her a number of times.
Satoru: Actually... funnily enough, I entered through her window most of those times.
*Maybe that's where these nerves come from. I'm not used to entering through the door.*
Satoru: Foo, haa... Foo, haa...
*After taking a couple deep breaths, I knock on the door.*
Ayase: Coming.
Satoru: It's me. Are you ready?
Satoru: I can come back a little bit later if you need more time.
Ayase: Oh, no, you're fine. I'm finished cleaning up. Come on in.
Satoru: Hey.
Ayase: Hi.
Satoru: Have you been waiting here long?
Ayase: Nope, I just got here too.
Satoru: Er, what do you mean? We're in your room.
Ayase: *giggle* Ahaha. Yeah, can't really use that reply when you aren't meeting up somewhere outside.
Satoru: Yep. It's the classic date exchange, but it doesn't really fit in this scenario.
Ayase: True. Also, this is kind of a weird thing to point out, but like...
Ayase: It's weird seeing you come in through my door.
Satoru: Wow, I was literally just thinking about that. But, really, the weird thing is the fact that I've always been coming in here through your window.
Satoru: Oh right, here. I brought the tea.
Ayase: Cool. Thanks.
Satoru: Let's have a fun date today.
Ayase: Indeed.
Ayase: Just sit wherever. I'll get some cups for us.
Satoru: You don't have to; I'll make the tea.
Ayase: Okay, thanks.
Satoru: Okay. So what should we do first?
Ayase: How about we take turns asking each other questions?
Ayase: But I guess some back-and-forth Q\&A session won't make for much of a date.
Satoru: Hmm. Putting that question aside...
Satoru: How about we turn it into a game?
Ayase: So, like, whoever wins gets to ask a question? Yeah, that sounds fun.
Ayase: If we're gonna do this, how about making it so the loser has to answer ANY question, no matter how embarrassing.
Satoru: I don't like that smile...
*What kind of questions is she thinking of asking me?*
Ayase: Just kidding. I wasn't gonna ask you any weird questions.
Ayase: Okay, so let's get this started. You fine with a card game?
Satoru: Sure. Which one?
Ayase: Hmm. How about Speed?
Satoru: I'm down.
Ayase: Okay, let me split the deck by color real quick... Okay, done.
Ayase: Are you ready?
Satoru: Yeah, I'm ready.
Ayase,Satoru: Speed!
Satoru: Hngh!
*I activate my astral ability right from the get-go.*
*My brain's processing speed now boosted, I assess my card layout and the center pile in milliseconds.*
*Fwap, fwap, fwap! With zero hesitation, I slap my cards on the center piles in the most optimal order.*
Ayase: Huh?! Wait, wha--? The heck? You're way too fast!
Ayase: Ummm, so I'll get rid of my 3, then my 2, then another 3--Wait, stop! Why'd you throw an Ace on there?! You're screwing with my strategy!
Satoru: There aren't turns in this game.
Ayase: I know, I KNOW, but you're still cheating!
Satoru: You're wasting precious time.
Ayase: Huh? Wha--?! H-Hey, slow down!
Satoru: Jack, Queen, King... and there. I win.
Ayase: Wh-Whaaat? I still have half my cards left...
Satoru: Heh. Are you ready for my question?
Ayase: ......
Ayase: No. That definitely wasn't a legit win.
Satoru: Why not?
Ayase: Why are you so fast? It doesn't make sense.
Satoru: Err. I've just always been really good at card games.
Ayase: That wasn't "being good." That was abnormal.
Ayase: Oh, I know what you did! You used your ability, didn't you?!
Ayase: You used that so you could play your cards at a faster speed! You'd interrupt my plays the second I thought of them!
Satoru: Shit, you caught me.
Ayase: So that win doesn't count, you cheater!
Satoru: Hey, you never said I COULDN'T use my ability.
Ayase: Well, okay... I didn't, but still...
Ayase: It's common sense! I'd be at a natural disadvantage if abilities were allowed, 'cause I can't use mine.
Satoru: Yeah, I don't wanna imagine what would happen to this room if you tried using your attraction/repulsion.
Ayase: So you KNEW I couldn't use mine but still used yours anyways. You're such a dirty freaking cheater...
Satoru: I mean, I wouldn't say I cheated, I just played to win.
Satoru: We didn't agree on rules relating to abilities beforehand, and I'm readily admitting to using mine.
Ayase: Do you feel proud of yourself for cheating to ask me a question?
Satoru: Sure. I just wanna know more about my sweet girlfriend.
Ayase: Fine. You can have this win! But, no more ability usage from here on out! You'll automatically lose if you do!
Ayase: And we're also changing the game to one that's more luck based!
Satoru: Sure.
Ayase: Okay, ask your question.
Satoru: Let me think.
Satoru: Hmm, what's your favorite food?
Ayase: My favorite food... Good question.
Satoru: Something like pasta?
Ayase: I'm more of a rice person. Not like risotto, but more like curry or omelette rice.
Ayase: I also love grilled fish, though... and most meat too... Well, I guess you could say I like basically everything as long as it tastes good.
Satoru: Your food preferences are pretty ordinary, huh?
Ayase: Yeah, I basically stick to things I know I like. Don't wanna experiment and screw up big time.
Satoru: Oh, so can you actually cook?
Ayase: What, did you think I couldn't?
Ayase: I told you about my family life. My mom was busy working, so I always handled the cooking and other household chores from a young age.
Satoru: Huh. For some reason, I thought you'd be catastrophically bad at that sort of stuff.
Ayase: Wow, rude. I can live on my own, no problem, for your informatiooon.
Ayase: I haven't had to do any housework since I've been living here, but I CAN still cook to a certain extent. And I'm not just making crap up.
Satoru: Yeah, don't worry. I believe you.
Ayase: Ah, crud. I accidentally ended up answering two questions.
Satoru: Yeah...
Satoru: Let's just say it was a follow-up question. I won't keep strict count when you ask me either. That sound fine?
Ayase: Sure.
Ayase: But yeah, it's not like I'm making a conscious effort not to, but I don't experiment much with food.
Satoru: Maybe you could cook for me some time?
Ayase: Well, if I find an opportunity to.
Ayase: What about you, though? Any foods in particular you like?
Satoru: I--
Satoru: Wait. I know it's part of the conversation, but you shouldn't get to ask questions unless you win.
Ayase: Tch. I thought he'd fall for it...
Ayase: Fine, doesn't matter to me. I'm gonna win the next game and ask my question fair and square.
Satoru: So what're we playing next?
Ayase: Hrmm. How does poker sound?
*My ability definitely wouldn't give me any kind of advantage in poker.*
*Either way, I promised her I wouldn't use it anymore, and I intend to stick to that.*
*The games continued, just like that, and gradually, we began to learn more about each other.*
Satoru: Are you a fast runner?
Ayase: Not really in terms of pure speed, but my endurance is good. I've been able to beat some track and field people in medium and long distance races.
Satoru: Oh, that's pretty impressive.
Ayase: And before you ask, everyone else had similar body types, so I didn't win 'cause I had an advantage in THAT area, okay?
Satoru: I wasn't gonna ask that.
Ayase: It wasn't 'cause of me having "low air resistance" or "not having to deal with pain because there's nothing there to jiggle"!
Satoru: Stop putting words into my mouth!
Ayase: I was just like everyone else back then... So why is there such a disparity now?
Satoru: Sucks, but you can't control how your body grows.
Ayase: ......
Satoru: Wh-What?
Ayase: You probably wouldn't understand what it's like.
Satoru: What what's like? To have a complex about your body?
Ayase: You're tall, and you're not chubby, but not a twig. Plus your body's pretty toned.
Satoru: Hmm, I guess.
Satoru: I never really paid attention to my body type.
Ayase: You're so lucky. If I was a guy, I wouldn't have to worry about any of this crap.
Satoru: Honestly, I don't know why you're so ashamed of your body.
Satoru: You're honestly really slim and attractive.
Ayase: Callin' my CHEST slim?! Buzz off!
Satoru: You KNOW I wasn't referring to that!
*Well, it's not like I can't understand why she feels that way. It seems pretty normal for girls to feel that way when their boobs are too small or too big.*
Satoru: If it makes you feel better... I can kind of relate to being bothered by a part of your body.
*I've actually started worrying about the size of my dick.*
*Is it too small? Too big?*
*That's something I've never thought about before.*
*Maybe it's a combination of her response upon seeing it and the fact that I may actually get to lose my virginity sometime in the near future...*
Ayase: What, really? What part of your body? Tell me, I'm curious!
Satoru: Umm...
Satoru: I can't say.
Ayase: Wow, how's that fair? You already know mine.
Satoru: Only 'cause of an accident, though.
Ayase: Yeah, but still.
Satoru: Oh, uhh, look, it's already 2:00 PM.
Satoru: Why don't we go get something for lunch? I'm starving.
Ayase: Wow, you wuss. You totally chickened out.
Ayase: Well, to be fair, I guess I did the same thing... so I don't have a right to complain. Ugh, why does it have to look so intimidating?
Ayase: If it just looked a little cuter, I'd have no problem with it.
Satoru: Uh, let's not talk about that right now. Are you ready to go?
Ayase: What do you wanna eat?
Satoru: Hmm. Honestly, I'm fine with anything.
Ayase: Noodle- or rice-based dishes?
Satoru: I'm down for either.
Ayase: Light-tasting dishes or rich-tasting dishes?
Satoru: I'm down for either.
Ayase: Talk to me, for chrissakes! At least put some effort into responding.
Satoru: What do you want me to do? I was giving my honest opinion.
Satoru: That doesn't mean I don't wanna talk to you, though.
Satoru: Anything in particular you wanna eat?
Ayase: Nope, I don't. If you couldn't figure it out, that's the reason why I asked you.
Ayase: What was your original plan for lunch on our date?
Satoru: Err... some Italian restaurant I found on the web.
Ayase: Is it one of those fancy, high-priced places?
Satoru: It definitely looked like it from what I saw on the website.
Ayase: I don't like super pretentious places like that. Something more casual would be better, in my opinion.
Satoru: That'll save me some money.
Ayase: But, hmm, are there any casual Italian places... Oh, yeah! I know one!
Satoru: Oh, some place you've been wanting to go to?
Ayase: Mhm! There's this pizza joint I've been dying to try out.
Satoru: Oh, pizza sounds good. Where's the place at?
Ayase: It's a food truck, not an actual building; so like a pizzeria on wheels, so to speak.
Ayase: They have a stone oven in their van and use firewood to bake the pizzas.
Satoru: Oh, cool. I didn't know Washizu had one of those too.
Ayase: They're usually either by the station or downtown on the weekdays, supposedly.
Ayase: On the weekends, they hang around residential areas. I was really hoping I'd get the chance to go there one of these days.
Satoru: Let's go look for it then.
Satoru: Do you know if there's any way to see where they're currently at?
Ayase: They usually announce it on their social media. Gimme a sec, I'll check.
Ayase: What was their name again? Hrm...
Ayase: Their latest tweet says they're at the park slightly ahead...
Satoru: Hopefully they're still there.
Ayase: It said they'll be there till five, so... Oh, I see it! There it is!
*The city park we've arrived at is about a 5 minutes' walk away from the school.*
*A van is parked in the center square.*
*From the looks of it, it's a remodeled camping van.*
*And business seems to be going well too. There's a small line formed.*
Satoru: Oh, damn. There really is a stone oven inside.
Satoru: And just 600 yen for a whole pie, what a steal. That's considerably cheaper than most delivery pizza.
Ayase: Ah, freshly baked pizza smells SO good.
Pizza Vendor: Hey, cute young lady. Care for some pizza?
Ayase: Cute, you say? Oh gosh, you're going to make me blush. You're quite the flatterer.
Satoru: ......
*Since we've been spending most of our time alone recently, I tend to forget it, but yeah, this is how she acts in public.*
*She always wears the mask of a nice, mannerly girl.*
*It never ceases me to amaze me how she can just switch between the two at a moment's notice.*
*But, yeah... I want her to be able to relax and enjoy herself, and she can't do that when she's forced to maintain that persona.*
*I didn't consider it, but in that sense, it was probably smart to go with the indoors date idea.*
Pizza Vendor: I bake every pizza only after ordered, so they're fresh as can be and absolutely delicious!
Ayase: Yes, we'll have some. Actually, to tell you the truth, we came here specifically to get some of your pizza.
Pizza Vendor: Oh, did you now? Thank ya. So what kinda pizza would ya like?
Ayase: That's a difficult question.
Ayase: What do you want, Arihara-kun?
Satoru: Hmm. I guess I'll keep it simple and go with a margherita pizza.
Ayase: Really? That's what I wanted, though.
Satoru: Why're you saying that like it's a problem? It makes the decision easier.
Ayase: Wouldn't it be a better idea to get two different kinds? That way we could try both, you know?
Satoru: That's fine by me, but we'll be getting two whole pizzas, in that case. Can you eat a whole pizza by yourself?
Ayase: Sure, probably. I'm not really a light eater.
Pizza Vendor: Our pizzas are a little smaller than delivery pizzas, so most people don't have much trouble eating a whole one.
Ayase: See, he agrees.
Satoru: Alright.
Satoru: How about we go with a bacon pizza?
Ayase: Yep. I was thinking that one looked good too.
Satoru: Okay, I think we've decided. One margherita pizza and one bacon pizza, please.
Pizza Vendor: Alrighty. It'll be about a five to ten minute wait, okay?
Ayase: Okay.
Pizza Vendor: Thanks.
Satoru: Can we get those to-go, by any chance?
Pizza Vendor: Absolutely can. But it'll be small extra fee for the box. That alright?
Satoru: Yes, that's fine.
Pizza Vendor: Great. I'll call you when your pizzas are ready.
*He then walks back inside the narrow van and begins tossing the dough with practiced skill.*
*I guess I misjudged this place because of it being a food truck... They aren't cutting any corners.*
Satoru: Huh. They also have gelato, apparently. Wanna try some?
Ayase: Maybe another time. The only thing my mouth craves at this moment is pizza.
Pizza Vendor: Your boyfriend seems like a real nice fella.
Ayase: My B-BOYFRIEND?!
Pizza Vendor: Oh, he's not? Goodness, sorry 'bout that. I was sure he was.
Ayase: O-Oh, no.
Pizza Vendor: Just forget I said anything.
Ayase: Oh, no! That's not what I meant! I meant "no" as in no, he IS my boyfriend--
Ayase: Ahhh, oh god, what am I sayiiing?
Pizza Vendor: Hahaha. You're one lucky chap, I tell ya. She's quite an adorable little lady.
Satoru: Yes, and I love her more than the world.
Ayase: Urghhhh!
Pizza Vendor: Alrighty then! I'll make a nice, fiery hot pizza for the two lovebirds!
Satoru: Thank you very much, sir.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Nothing ever fazes you, I swear... It's like I'm the only one who ever gets flustered, and it pisses the hell out of me.
Satoru: The only reason I can stay calm is because you start freaking out before I even get a chance to.
Satoru: Man, though. Your face is BEET RED. It wasn't even that red when we told all our friends about us.
Satoru: Do you want me to keep our relationship a secret from people?
Ayase: Oh, no no. I don't care if people know, but like, when I heard someone else say you were my boyfriend... I kinda lost my head...
Ayase: It made me realize, like... that's how we seem to other people. We look like an actual couple.
Ayase: Then I got really, really happy... and my thoughts got all jumbled up, and I started blushing really bad...
Satoru: Oh, okay.
Ayase: Is this REALLY not a one-sided deal here? Like, are you SURE you really love me?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Pull up your bangs for me, please.
Ayase: What're you gonna do?
Satoru: Flick your forehead as hard as I can.
*She flinches upon seeing the air tremble from my demonstrations.*
Ayase: Hold up, do NOT do that! Those seriously hurt!
Satoru: Look, I don't know what I have to do to convince you.
Satoru: But I love you just as much as you love me.
Ayase: ......
Satoru: My feelings are no joke. I'm seriously in love with you.
Satoru: Much more than you think I am.
Ayase: Sorry. I was half-kidding, but that was still a rude thing for me to say.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Promise you won't say something like that ever again?
Ayase: I promise.
Satoru: So do you finally admit that I love you more?
Ayase: No. That's a different discussion entirely.
Ayase: I love you so much it makes me lose my head at times, so I'm clearly the winner.
Satoru: No, I am.
Ayase: Shut up! I obviously love you more!
Pizza Vendor: Err...
Ayase,Satoru: ......
Ayase: Ackkk?! H-How long have you been listening?!
Pizza Vendor: Well, you're in hearing distance, so I heard everything. Glad you seem to be a happy couple.
Ayase: Ahhhhhhhhhh!
Child A: Are you done fighting? Don't fight. Fighting is a no-no.
Child B: Yeah, how come you're fighting? You both love each other a whole, whole lot, clearly.
Ayase: Ahhhhh?! Even these little KIDS heard us?!
Parent A: Oh, it's so nice to be young and in love.
Parent B: Oh, absolutely. They're just so adorable together.
*We drew the attention of all the parkgoers in the vicinity without realizing.*
*They're all looking at us with warm smiles.*
Ayase: Ah-Ah-Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
*There's no way we could eat amid a situation like this.*
*Which is why I'm VERY glad I got our pizzas to-go.*
Child B: Hey, haven't I seen you on YouPipe before, lady?
Child A: Oh, yeah! She's the famous Astral lady!
Pizza Vendor: Ah, I felt like I recognized the face. So you're a student at the prestigious Kikka Academy, huh?
Ayase: And now they RECOGNIZE me too!
Pizza Vendor: Don't worry, I won't tweet about it.
Ayase: That's not my issue!
Ayase: This is all so embarrassing... Gosh, why is today the only day I get recognized in public?
*Kids are definitely more likely to be familiar with internet celebrities.*
*I guess that just goes to show how much kids these days watch YouPipe on a daily basis.*
Child B: Are you her boyfriend, Mister? Don't fight. Fighting is bad.
Child B: Mommy told me that boys aren't supposed to make girls cry.
Satoru: I didn't really make her cry, though...
Child B: Boys don't make excuses!
Child B: Mommy shouts that at Daddy all the time, so you shouldn't do that either.
Satoru: Okay. I'm very sorry.
Child A: And YouPipe Lady, when a boy apologizes, the right thing to do is forgive him.
Child A: That's what my mommy says.
Ayase: Yeah, he apologized, so I gotta forgive him... *sigh*... What even is this?
Ayase: A bunch of people oversaw our silly fight, and now we're being told off by kids. I don't even... *sigh* What am I doing with my life... sniffle.
Parent A: Silly fights like that always get you feeling so passionately about one another afterwards.
Parent B: Oh, yeah. It gets REAL fiery in the bedroom on days when you make up after a fight.
Parent A: Do you think that's what those two are gonna be doing?
Parent B: Oh, you can bet on it. They'll probably be going at it in the bedroom, hot and heavy, all night long. Young'uns are like that.
Parent A: Ah, I wish I was young again. Having endless stamina is so nice.
Ayase: Ah?!
Child A: Are you gonna be fiery, Lady? Can you shoot flames or something?
Child B: Whoa, that's so cool!
Ayase: That is not what that means at all!
Child B: It's not?
Child A: But things are gonna be fiery, aren't they?
Ayase: It's not meant to be taken literally! By fiery, they mean, um, when we wrestle in the bedroom...
Kids: Wrestling!
Satoru: Does anybody even say that?
Ayase: What do you want me to do?! Say what they really meant?! Come on, I can't just give these kids a course on sex ed.
Ayase: Honestly, if anyone needs a course in sex ed right now, it's me...
Child A: How, how long do you wrestle each other? It it just one round with no time limits?
Child B: Is it a singles match? Or is it a brawl with a whole bunch of people?
Satoru: Wow, you kids know a lot about wrestling.
Ayase: Why are they asking us QUESTIONS about this now?!
Child A: Are you gonna be wrestling against him?
Ayase: Wha--?! U-Umm!
Satoru: Yeah, hopefully. That's the plan, at least.
Ayase: Ugh!
Satoru: And it'll be a singles match. No brawls.
Child B: Do you have any special finisher moves?
Satoru: I've never wrestled anyone before, but I'd love to try out a pile driver.
Ayase: Stop engaging in this conversation with kids, oh my god!
Ayase: Are you serious, a pile driver? My lady bits'll be completely exposed in a position like that! I'm not doing that!
Kids: Your lady bits?
Ayase: No, no! Please, just forget I said that!
*I'm almost starting to feel like these kids are asking us these questions fully aware of all the innuendo.*
*Mitsukasa-san seems to be at peak embarrassment levels. She doesn't even have the composure to keep her real personality from slipping out.*
*Well, we're not at school plus these are kids, so it's probably not a problem.*
*As I'm absently thinking about that, I happen to notice a playground located a bit further away from where the parents are sitting.*
*The playground structure in the center is fairly sizable, with climbing walls and platforms.*
*There's a boy who climbed up the railing on the top platform and is now standing atop it.*
Child A: Ah, look! He's doing it again!
Child B: I keep telling him not to but he never listens!
Satoru: Yeah, that's dangerous.
Ayase: Huh? Oh, yeah. Should we go over and do something about it?
Satoru: Hmm.
*Strangers approaching a small child is the kind of scenario that makes people call the police... but we can't exactly sit back and do nothing.*
*Suddenly, as I'm deliberating over what to do...*
Ayase: Ah?!
*The boy loses his balance and slips.*
Ayase,Satoru: Ngh!
*I immediately activate my ability and leap to the kid's location.*
*Mitsukasa-san, on the other hands, remains grounded and extends her arm out.*
Satoru: (Right. Her ability should be able to--)
*The small child continues to plummet toward the ground.*
Ayase: Kgh! Why is--?!
*I hear her shouting in confusion behind me.*
Satoru: (No idea what happened, but I better not stop!)
*I can't waste even a fraction of a second.*
*I continue rushing forward, not slowing.*
*But I won't make it before he hits the ground. I'm gonna have to slide in.*
Satoru: Come on, please!
*I lose my balance and clumsily dive towards the boy, but somehow I manage to catch him.*
*Things would've ended badly if I hadn't used my ability to enhance my strength. Kids are light, sure, but I doubt I would've been able to catch him.*
Child C: ......
Satoru: You alright there?
Child C: Huh? Oh, yeah... I'm fine.
Satoru: That's good.
*The boy then hops back to his feet.*
*Yeah. I don't see any injuries. He seems to be fine.*
Child A: Are you okay, Mister?
Child B: I keep telling you not to do those things!
Child C: Urk...
Satoru: I won't get mad at you since you didn't get hurt, but make sure not to do that ever again, okay?
Child C: I won't. I'm sorry.
Satoru: As long as you've learned your lesson.
Parent A: Did you get hurt?
Satoru: No, I'm perfectly fine, ma'am.
*Well, aside from my aching muscles.*
Satoru: Do you know who this boy's parents are?
Satoru: I don't see any injuries and he says he doesn't feel any pain anywhere, but there's still a possibility.
Satoru: I was wanting to inform his parents to be on the lookout for anything.
Parent A: Oh, yeah, I know them. I'll tell them that.
Satoru: Thank you.
Parent B: I have to say, though, Astral abilities really are something else.
Parent B: Almost feels like you teleported there in the blink of an eye.
Satoru: Oh, I did nothing that impressive.
Satoru: I could've pulled that off a lot better, honestly.
*Mitsukasa-san, for instance, would've been able to rescue him with ease using her power... Hm?*
Satoru: (Speaking of her, what happened? I know she was trying to use her ability, but it doesn't seem like she ultimately did.)
Ayase: ......
*She's standing in place with a hard to read expression on her face.*
*I can sense frustration and guilt among other things.*
Satoru: Mitsukasa-san?
Ayase: Umm, I'm... sorry...
Satoru: For what?
Ayase: We could've saved him a lot easier if I'd used my ability.
Ayase: But I just couldn't activate it properly on the spot...
Satoru: Your ability DOES seem pretty hard to handle, honestly.
*Chances are she'd mess up if she tried relying on intuition like I did.*
*She probably has to calculate the right power output, specify the coordinates, and do other fine-tuning adjustments like that.*
*If she messed up in any way, the kid's safety would've been at risk.*
*In hindsight, it might've been a good thing that I caught him.*
Satoru: Well, he came out unharmed, and that's all that matters. Don't beat yourself up over something that's not your fault.
Ayase: Okay.
Satoru: Right, our pizza's waiting. Let's hurry up; I'm starving.
Ayase: Mhh, ish sho gooood!
Satoru: Agreed. It's way more delicious than I was expecting.
*Our pizzas were still soft, but they'd gotten a little cold during the time we'd spent talking.*
*But despite that, the quality is simply fantastic.*
Ayase: The tomato sauce is great. It doesn't have any of that unnatural sweetness to it.
Satoru: Yeah, and the bacon is nice, firm, and thick. Oh, and can't forget the cheese. It tastes amazing.
Satoru: I'll admit they made a fan out of me. I seriously didn't expect it to be THIS good...
Ayase: No wonder this place is all the craze... It's cheap AND delicious.
Ayase: Mh, mhh! So good! And the slices are just the perfect size too... Makes me kinda regret that we didn't get to eat it warm.
Satoru: We gotta go back again sometime.
Satoru: Weekdays'll probably be hard 'cause of classes, but weekends will probably work.
Ayase: Yep!
Ayase: If only pizza wasn't so high in calories.
*In my opinion, she's slim enough that she doesn't need to bother worrying about calorie intake.*
Satoru: Mhm. It's so good I just can't stop eating more.
Satoru: Can I have a slice of your margherita pizza, by the way?
Ayase: Yep, take whatever you want. That's the reason why we got two in the first place.
Satoru: Wanna try a slice of mine?
Satoru: I know you're concerned about the calories, but just try it.
Ayase: Yeah. I guess I can afford to splurge a little for one day.
Ayase: Alright, don't mind if I do!
Ayase: Ahhhmf... Mhh! It's soooo good!
Satoru: The margherita pizza is crazy good too. The tomato sauce goes so well with the soft dough...
Ayase: I know what you mean! But this combination of cheese and bacon is just as fantastic... mhhhh!
*Just like the guy said, their pizzas are smaller than most delivery pizzas, and I had no trouble finishing a whole one.*
*As did Mitsukasa-san. Her stomach had room for a whole one too.*
Ayase: Ahh, that was so good.
Satoru: You can say that again.
Satoru: Thanks for the recommendation. I'm really glad you remembered that place.
*Next time we can try a different kind. Given how great the margherita and the bacon ones were, I bet all their pizzas are damn good.*
Ayase: I honestly didn't expect it to be THAT good either.
Ayase: I dunno if I would've had the courage to go there alone, so umm... thanks from me as well.
Ayase: Ahhh, my mouth will never forget the taste of that cheese.
Satoru: I take it you liked the bacon pizza more?
Ayase: And I take it you preferred the margherita?
Satoru: I loved both, but the margherita appealed to my taste buds more.
Satoru: That tomato sauce was heavenly.
Ayase: I agree.
Ayase: Ahh, I wanna try every pizza they have on the menu... Too bad I'm too full to eat another bite.
Satoru: I'll gladly join you in that mission.
Ayase: Mhm! Thanks.
Satoru: Oh.
Ayase: Hm? What is it?
Satoru: You got some sauce on your mouth.
*I reach toward her face and wipe it off with my finger.*
Satoru: *slrp*
Ayase: Oh.
Satoru: Yeah, I can't get enough of this tomato sauce.
Ayase: Nnngh?!
Satoru: Hm? What's wrong?
Ayase: Y-You just... licked it off your...
Satoru: Oh, sorry. Does stuff like that bother you?
Satoru: I figured it wasn't that big of a deal since we've already kissed...
Ayase: I-I'm not saying it bothered me... I didn't think it was gross or anything.
Ayase: It was just, like... one of those things you always see couples do.
Satoru: Ohh...
Satoru: Well, we're a couple, aren't we?
Ayase: I know we are! I know we are, but STILL!
Ayase: G-Gosh, why am I the only one who EVER gets embarrassed about anything?
Satoru: I dunno what you want me to do...
Satoru: Oh, and just so you know, if you're gonna start asking me if I'm REALLY in love with you again... you'll get a little taste of this.
*I menacingly flick the air.*
Ayase: I know! I'm not gonna doubt you anymore.
Ayase: I believe you, it's just like... It's kinda frustrating that I'm the one with butterflies in my stomach all the time while you're over there cool as a cucumber.
Satoru: I have butterflies in my stomach too.
Satoru: I mean, I'm alone with my girlfriend. Any guy would have them in this situation.
Ayase: You seem a LIIIITTLE too calm for me to believe that.
Ayase: Maybe I'm just not trying hard enough? Is there anything like he just did that I can do to him?
Ayase: ......
Satoru: ......
Satoru: C-Can I help you?
Ayase: I'm looking around for any cheese or sauce on your mouth, but I can't find any.
Ayase: Why can't you be a sloppy eater and get stuff all over your mouth?
Satoru: I dunno what you want me to do about that...
*The pizza's already gone.*
Satoru: Well, if you need something that bad... I guess my fingers are still a little dirty.
Ayase: Great. Perfect. Give me a finger and I'll clean it nice and shiny.
Satoru: Huh?! Wait, um...
Ayase: It's not a big deal! I wanna do something for my boyfriend, so... just let me do it.
Ayase: Ahhhhhhhh.
Satoru: ......
*She opens her mouth wide, flaunting her tongue at me.*
*It's a nice, healthy pink color and wet with saliva.*
*It's a perfectly normal tongue, so why does this sight look so sexual to me?*
Ayase: Come on, hurry it up. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
Satoru: Alright...
*After gulping, I softly place a finger atop her tongue.*
Ayase: Mh *smack*... *suck* *smack*
Ayase: Tastes like cheese. *lick* *lick* *lick*... *suck* *smack* Mh.
*She runs her tongue every inch just like a lovable puppy.*
*My finger was coated in cheese and oil, but now, the only thing on it is her saliva.*
Satoru: Does it?
Ayase: *suck* Mh *lick* i' dosh... mh, it does. So I gotta clean it some more... ammh *smack* *suck* 
*Sometime over the course of things, this enraptured look came over her face.*
*She takes my finger into her mouth and fervently sucks on it, making loud wet, slurping sounds.*
Ayase: Mhm *slurp* *lick* *lick*... mh, mhhh... Does it feel gross getting your finger licked?
Satoru: No, of course not.
Satoru: It actually feels kinda... good.
Ayase: Mhh *smack*... *smack*... *lick* *lick*...
*The way she was licking my finger all over reminded me of a puppy at first... but not anymore.*
*She's aggressively moving her tongue here and there, twisting it around at times even.*
*It's incredibly sexual... And it's igniting my lust.*
Satoru: M-Mitsukasa-san, I think you've done a good-enough job cleaning it.
Ayase: Not yet. *suck* *suck*... *lick* *lick*... *lick* *suck*
Satoru: Wait, what do you mean not yet?
Ayase: Mhhh *suck*... *slurp*
*She's absolutely lost herself in the act...*
*So much so that I'm beginning to wonder if she can actually hear me.*
Satoru: M-Mitsukasa-san, calm down--
Ayase: *suck* *suck* *slurp*... mh, mhhhh *suck*...
Satoru: Mitsu--A-Ayase!
Ayase: Ahhhh?! *pant*... *pant* *pant*...
*She jerks up, finally letting my finger free.*
Ayase: *pant* *pant*... *pant*... Wh-What'd you just say?
Satoru: It's clean enough, Ayase.
Ayase: Ack?!
Ayase: H-Hey, don't just call me by my first name outta nowhere...
Satoru: I figured it'd be better for me to call you that since we're a couple now... You don't want me to?
Ayase: N-No, no, I didn't say that... Honestly, it makes me super happy.
Ayase: So happy I start shaking all over. That's the problem.
Satoru: Great. Then I can keep calling you Ayase?
Ayase: Wait, umm--! O-Okay, fine.
Satoru: Thanks, Ayase.
Ayase: Ngh?! Nghhhhhh!
Ayase: I said you can call me that, I know... but please don't use it too frequently. I need time to get used to it. Like, it's seriously almost making my knees shake.
Satoru: Okay, Ayase.
Ayase: Ngh?! Stop that! I'm not joking, okay?! I seriously can't take the happiness overload I get when you call me that, Sa... Satoru!
Satoru: Ack?!
*There are a few people in my life who call me Satoru.*
*Nanami, for instance, and then my dad and Kyouhei too.*
*But hearing Ayase say it--the lovely girl whom I call my girlfriend--now that's a whole different story.*
*I'm so overcome with happiness. My heart nearly leaps out of my chest, and my whole body flinches.*
Satoru: Yeah... it definitely packs a punch...
Ayase: See how it feels now?
Satoru: Absolutely.
Satoru: We should probably... do it in moderation until we both get used to it.
Ayase: I agree.
Satoru: But I don't have to go back to referring to you by your last name, do I?
Ayase: No... I'd like you to keep referring to me as Ayase... please.
Satoru: Ayase...
Ayase: Satoru.
Ayase,Satoru: ......
Ayase,Satoru: *giggle*
*We quiver from the happiness in harmony.*
*To any onlookers, I'm sure we'd just look like a pair of fools.*
*But there's this indescribable feeling of bliss to doing these silly things with her.*
Cat: Meoow?
Ayase: Oh, Straaaaya!
Ayase: Hm? What's the meowter, sweetie? Did you smell the pizza?
Satoru: Can cats eat pizza?
Ayase: You better not try that.
Satoru: Ah, okay. I figured it was probably bad for them.
Ayase: It's fatty and flavor-rich.
Satoru: Yeah, even we humans can tell that when we eat it.
Ayase: Sorry, Straya, but I don't have anything for you right now.
Satoru: Actually, come to think of it, I wonder where she gets her food on the weekends?
Ayase: Well, she'll definitely get fed something if she heads over near one of the canteens.
Satoru: Maybe she hasn't eaten yet today?
Satoru: Wanna go to our dorm's canteen and check? There's gotta be someone there preparing dinner right now.
Ayase: Yeah, that's a good idea. Let's do that!
*We spent the day in a relaxed manner, enjoying ourselves while also deepening our relationship.*
*The sun has now set, and we've chatted enough for our mouths to grow sore.*
Ayase: Eeeek?! I just knew they'd show up!
Satoru: Oww, stop. You're hurting my arm.
*We decided to round off the day by playing that horror game again.*
*I've also been curious about how the story continues, so I was all in favor when she brought it up.*
*We played for hour after hour, and before we knew it, it was already getting dark out.*
*Then, after dinner, I snuck back up to her room and we continued playing.*
*Thanks to all the time we've sunk into the game today, we're already more than halfway through--actually, we're probably nearing the end.*
*The mysteries surrounding the mansion and the zombies themselves have all been solved and the story is at its climax.*
Ayase: A-Ahh! Kgh... *pant* *pant*... Ugh, they've totally been upping the amount of jump scares!
Ayase: But it's so interesting, I can't take my eyes away! Ah, ughh, ahhhhh!
*Just like always, the game is scaring the life out of her, yet her eyes are glued to the screen.*
*And I can understand why.*
*Both the story and the gameplay are top-notch.*
*The game is designed so that you can't FIGHT the zombies, so you're forced to run, which instills a feeling of terror and panic in the player. I can appreciate just how enjoyable it is.*
*Plus I also have something else to enjoy.*
Ayase: E-Eeekwahhhhhhhh?!
Satoru: ......
Ayase: *pant* *pant*... I can't TAKE THIS anymore. Why do they gotta make it so scary?
*It's a joy watching Ayase grab onto my arm as she shrieks and shivers in terror.*
*This all started with her asking me to play it for her. And that's the only reason I did, initially...*
*But after a while, I started to enjoy these gaming sessions myself.*
Satoru: Kinda looks like the final boss?
Ayase: Y-You think so? The final boss... *pant* *pant* God, I've screamed so much my throat is dry.... I need tea...
Satoru: Hm, that tea I made is probably cold by now. Want me to make some more?
Ayase: No, it tastes fine cold too.
Ayase: Just keep playing. We're nearing the finish line.
Satoru: Okay.
*I run away frantically from the boss while activating various mechanisms for a trap.*
*And after I get all of them...*
Ayase: Whoa.
*Finally, the zombie gets caught in the trap and his body burns to ashes.*
*The character stands there, idly watching as it happens.*
*Afterward, the screen fades to black and the credits start rolling.*
Satoru: So... I guess we beat it.
Ayase: *sigh* It's finally over!
Ayase: Gosh, that game was SO scary... but it was a great game. I'm glad I bought it.
Ayase: Thanks for playing all the way through it for me.
Satoru: No need to thank me. I enjoyed playing it too.
Ayase: Oh, did you? Your facial expressions barely changed so I figured you were just playing it 'cause I asked you to.
Satoru: Well, if I didn't wanna play it I wouldn't have agreed to in the first place.
Satoru: I mean it; the game really was fun. I'm even feeling some of that post-game sadness now.
Ayase: Oh. That's good. Glad you liked it!
*Seeing that beautiful smile, my heart starts beating faster and faster as my body heats up.*
Satoru: ......
Ayase: Hm?
Satoru: Nothing. I'm sad the game's over... but oh well. That's just how it goes.
*As I'm putting the controller down, Ayase reaches out to stop me.*
Ayase: Hey, not yet! There could be some kind of post-credit gameplay.
Ayase: Ah!
Satoru: Ah...
*Ayase's fingers touch mine as she tries to grab the controller.*
*My heart skips a beat the moment I feel the soft warmth from them.*
Ayase: J-Just, um, wait and see if there's any stuff after credits.
Satoru: Okay.
Ayase: ......
Satoru: ......
*Right as she pulls her hand away, the screen suddenly changes.*
Ayase: Oh, th-there, look. Your character's on the screen again.
Satoru: Yeah.
*Oh, okay.*
*I have control over him in this epilogue-ish part.*
Satoru: Huh. Nothing that important. All I gotta is exit the mansion.
Ayase: Letting the player exit the mansion themselves is part of the happy end experience.
Satoru: Hmm. Personally, I prefer more open endings.
Ayase: I like clear-cut endings myself.
Ayase: See, look. Isn't it super beautiful how the character walks out into the sunlight?
*The character on screen is walking out the entrance to the mansion.*
*The sun shines bright in the sky, and he walks over to his parked car and gets inside.*
*He starts up the engine, then looks into the rearview mirror.*
Ayase: What?
*The happy, optimistic atmosphere vanishes in an instant.*
*The character panics and looks into the mirror to check his face.*
*What he finds is a face he barely recognizes. His skin is torn up, his face pale, and his eyes goggling creepily.*
Game: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Ayase: Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek?!
*The zombified character claws at the screen as he screams in agony.*
*Soon thereafter, the words "The End" slowly appear.*
Satoru: Err, I guess it's one of those "psyche, it's not actually over" type of ends...
Ayase: G-God, that almost gave me a heart attack! My guard was totally down so it was ten times worse. That was the scariest scene in the whole game...
Ayase: What kinda happy end is that supposed to be?!
*Well, I feel like it'd be rare for a horror game to actually have a happy ending.*
Ayase: Right when you think it's about to end on a good note, urgh... All that beautiful morning sunlight, then they hit you with THAT! That's just plain evil!
Satoru: I get that you feel cheated, but look.
Satoru: Honestly, in my opinion, it feels pretty fitting for a horror game.
Ayase: I mean, I know that, but I just... I didn't expect them to save the scariest scene for the very end.
Ayase: Ahh, my heart's still beating way too fast... I can't get it to calm down at all.
Satoru: You gonna be okay?
Ayase: W-Well...
Ayase: What about you, Satoru? Pretty scary, wasn't it? I bet you're probably too scared to be alone right now!
Satoru: ......
Ayase: If you really need someone to be with you right now, I guess I'll stay with you.
Satoru: Nah, I'm fine.
Ayase: You don't have to be shy! You can be honest, I'll do it!
Satoru: ......
*I feel like she might legitimately start crying if I left her by herself right now.*
*Childish as it is, I WOULD love to tease my sweet girlfriend...*
*But I'd feel bad doing that when she already looks so frightened.*
Satoru: Yeah, I think I am pretty scared. Could you stay with me?
Ayase: Haha, you scaredy cat, you! If you absolutely need me to, I'll stay with you!
*Following that, she latches onto my arm.*
*That action is so adorable that it almost feels like she's latching on to my heart in addition to my arm.*
Satoru: ......
*However, there's a certain problem with this situation...*
*Namely that she's a little TOO close and I'm getting horny.*
*Her big round eyes and her slightly flushed cheeks. Her beautiful skin, glossy lips, and the tiny bit of her tongue I can see between them.*
Satoru: (She licked my finger with that tongue.)
Satoru: ......
Satoru: (Crap. I had the game to distract me from things earlier, but with that gone...)
*Now I'm forced to focus on her. All my attention is inevitably drawn to Ayase.*
*Her warmth, her breaths, her moist eyes... Everything about her is seizing my mind.*
Satoru: *gulp*
*I'm in a darkened room, alone with my girlfriend.*
*It's practically impossible for me to remember what we did the other day in a situation like this. My body starts to heat up, fast.*
*I told myself I wouldn't rush things, but I'm not sure if I can exercise restraint right here and now...*
Satoru: ......
*Okay, just calm down, Satoru.*
*The more you try to get something out of your mind, the more heavily it occupies your thoughts.*
*I need to take a few deep breaths and regain my composure.*
*Breathe in, breathe out. Breathe in, breathe out.*
Satoru: Foo... haa... Foo... haa...
*My mouth and nose take in a sweet, sweet fragrance.*
*Is it the smell of Ayase's room, or is it Ayase herself?*
Satoru: Foo... haa...
*Shit, this is only making it WORSE! I'm gonna develop a smell fetish at this rate!*
Ayase: Satoru? You okay?
Satoru: Err, yeah. All good.
Ayase: Yeah? Okay, just asking.
Satoru: Um, Ayase.
Ayase: Y-Yeah?
Satoru: I appreciate you letting me stay with you since I'm so scared and all, but how long's it gonna be?
Ayase: Well... err...
Ayase: ......
Ayase: If you REALLY want to... y-you can stay the night.
Satoru: Wait, what? The night as in the ENTIRE night?
Ayase: Gosh, don't make me say it... I'd be willing to sleep with you, okay?!
Satoru: Hngh?!
Satoru: I, um, don't know if that's a good idea.
*Primarily because of what it'll do to my self-control.*
*I can't guarantee I'll be able to hold back my urges...*
*Before we became a couple, that would've been easy peasy.*
*But considering how she's been making me feel lately, my confidence is nonexistent.*
Ayase: Don't worry about me. I'm ready.
Satoru: Ayase, are you saying...
Ayase: Yeah, I'm fully aware.
Ayase: You get my hint, don't you?
Satoru: Yeah, but are you sure? Aren't you scared?
Ayase: N-No duh I am! It's gonna hurt like hell, and I don't like pain.
Ayase: But it's been bothering me so much over these past few days. I can't get it out of my head!
Satoru: The zombies?
Ayase: Yeah, those too, but I'm not talking about the zombies, I'm talking about... I'm talking about your d-dick.
Satoru: Hngh!
Ayase: All that really mean is, well... I'm scared of your dick, but I'm curious too... I wanna see what sex is like.
Ayase: Has it been too long? Are you not interested in... having sex with me anymore 'cause I chickened out last time?
Satoru: What?! Of course not!
Satoru: I want to have sex with you really bad--which I guess sounds kinda bad, since it makes it seem like that's the only reason I'm going out with you.
Satoru: But I'm not just trying to get laid. It matters who it's with. Ayase, you're the only girl I wanna have sex with.
Ayase: Me... too. I get in a naughty mood when I'm with you, 'cause I love you so much.
Ayase: To tell you the truth, I've been thinking about it since morning. My heart was racing nonstop when we were chatting alone, just the two of us...
Ayase: When we were playing cards, I kinda got my hopes up that you'd try to make a move on me if you won...
Ayase: And when I was licking your finger earlier, well, of course I got horny doing that. Who wouldn't?
Satoru: My heart was racing the whole time too.
Satoru: Being next to my cute girlfriend had me way too aroused. I'm still unbelievably horny right now as we speak...
Ayase: If you are--
Ayase: If you are, then let's do it. Let's have sex.
Satoru: Well, if we start now... I'm not gonna be able to stop. I've had to keep my urges in check the entire day, so there's no way.
Ayase: I-I-I-I-I keep telling you I'm ready! Come at me!
Satoru: Just to make sure, you aren't just doing this to get it over with, are you?
*I mean, she's acting pretty frantic...*
Ayase: N-No. Like, I guess the way I said that made me sound kinda high-strung, but I thought out that reply, I promise.
Ayase: I wanna have sex with you.
Satoru: ......
Ayase: Say something, you're scaring me...
*I look her right in the eyes.*
*I see fear in there, but she makes no attempt to escape my gaze and even stares back at me daringly.*
Ayase: So are we gonna have... s-sex? Yes or no?
*This is the end of the line for me. If she's the one pleading me, there's no way I can fight back my urges.*
*The dam of my reason and self-restraint quickly crumbles from the rushing waves of desire.*
Satoru: Ayase...
*.........*
*......*
*...*
Ayase: ......
Ayase: We actually... did it.
Satoru: You don't regret it, do you?
Ayase: What? No, I'd never. I'm happy we did it... really happy.
Ayase: So happy my mind feels kinda fuddled... Like I'm in some dreamland.
Satoru: I had that thought too... but this is definitely reality.
*This feeling of exhaustion is undeniable proof of that.*
Ayase: Urghh... I was moaning like crazy. You think the people in the rooms next door heard me?
Satoru: Probably... not.
Satoru: Remember, the walls are really thick as a sort of countermeasure to astral abilities. So they're... probably pretty soundproof too.
Ayase: I hope so... God, if someone actually DID hear me... Aghhhh!
Ayase: What am I supposed to do in that scenario? Act ashamed? Apologize? Or do I just act like nothing happened even though something obviously did?
Satoru: Yeah, I wouldn't know what to do either.
Ayase: You're totally acting like this is MY problem and not yours...
Satoru: Hardly. It affects me too, so I'm just as concerned.
Ayase: Really? Okay then, I'll believe you...
Ayase: ......
Satoru: ......
Ayase: Hey, can I ask you a question?
Satoru: Hm? Sure.
Ayase: What's there to love about someone like me?
Satoru: You're asking me that NOW?
Ayase: No, like, I'm not doubting your feelings or anything.
Ayase: When we were, umm, doing it... I don't think I've ever felt that loved before... but I don't think I've ever asked you specifically what it is that made you fall for me.
Satoru: Hmm, tough question. It just came up on me without me really realizing it. I love every single thing about you.
Ayase: That's a total cop-out answer.
Satoru: I mean, it's the truth. What else do you want me to say?
Satoru: I love how stubborn you can be, how sincerely caring you are at times, how earnest you are, how genuinely kindhearted you are beneath your fake persona, and also how shy you are.
Satoru: Oh, and I can't forget--
Ayase: Errr, sorry. That's good enough. I get the point...
Ayase: If you keep going, I'll be so happy and embarrassed at the same time that I won't know what to do with myself...
Satoru: Hm, okay.
Satoru: But yeah, that's what I find cute about you... I also love your smile. It's incredibly sweet and charming. 
Ayase: My smile?
Satoru: Your REAL smile, not the smile you make when you're everyone's "idol."
Satoru: All of those things are why I fell in love with you. I love you more than the world, Ayase.
Ayase: Th-Thanks...
Ayase: I love you too... more than the world.
Satoru: Thanks.
*We both share a smile.*
*God... I've never felt so happy in my entire life.*
*This feeling of bliss that comes with falling in love was entirely foreign to me before now...*
Ayase: Are you gonna go back to your room now?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: What?!
Ayase: Huh? Oh, no no. I'm not trying to say let's do it again! I don't think I can handle any more today.
Ayase: I just meant it normally. I wanna spend the night together... Pretty please?
Satoru: I guess I COULD... but I'd have to wake up and get back to my room really early tomorrow morning.
Ayase: That's fine. I just wanna savor this happiness a little longer.
Satoru: Alright, I'll stay. I want to spend the night with you too.
Ayase: Mhm...
================================================================================
Ryuunosuke: "So how've things been going?"
Satoru: No issues on my end. Just leading a peaceful, ordinary life.
Ryuunosuke: "Yeah, I know, but that's not what I'm asking about."
Ryuunosuke: "I'm talking about you and your girlfriend. Everything been going well?"
Satoru: ......
Satoru: That was all I had to report. Out.
Ryuunosuke: "Wait, hold up! Don't hang up on me! I'm not done."
Satoru: Yeah, so you start asking about my love life? What's that got to do with anything?
Ryuunosuke: "It's part of my responsibility to stay informed on the personal relationships of my agents. I'm not joking."
Ryuunosuke: "If things keep going well and marriage happens, for instance, there's gonna be a shit ton of paperwork and other procedures that I gotta complete."
Satoru: Right, I understand that you do. But what's the TRUTH?
Ryuunosuke: "I won't deny that it's partly out of a simple curiosity about my son's first romantic relationship."
Ryuunosuke: "Either way, I'm asking you in all seriousness."
Ryuunosuke: "IF you were to break up by any chance and you started feeling down 'cause of it, that could possibly have a negative impact on your work."
Ryuunosuke: "Fact is, there WAS actually one agent in the past who got too focused on personal stuff and that led to him making a careless mistake."
Ryuunosuke: "I won't ask for every bit of detail, like where you went on your date today, or what all that you did."
Ryuunosuke: "However, I do need you to keep me updated on how everything's going in general. It's doubly important in your case, since you're on an undercover mission, and those require a certain level of attentiveness at all times."
Satoru: Everything is going well. I don't see us breaking up anytime in the near future.
Ryuunosuke: "Wonderful. Glad to hear it's all working out for ya."
Satoru: Well, that's everything I had to report to you.
Ryuunosuke: "Whoa, hold up. Don't end the call just yet. I'm still not done."
Satoru: You have a mission for me?
Ryuunosuke: "Yeah. A little something I need you to look into."
*My embarrassment immediately washes away and I mentally shift gears into work-mode.*
Ryuunosuke: "It's related to the theft incident you helped with."
Satoru: The one where that Astral used apportation to steal items in a safe?
Ryuunosuke: "Yep. Something's not quite adding up."
Satoru: What's wrong?
Ryuunosuke: "Our pre-investigations revealed that the Astral in question could use apportation. But that meant he shouldn't have been able to teleport himself."
Ryuunosuke: "Still, he did, and escaped that way. You remember, right?"
Ryuunosuke: "That miscalculation was why you had to step in and catch the guy."
Satoru: If I remember correctly, apportation and teleportation are both remote movement-type abilities.
Ryuunosuke: "Yeah. So, if it was just a simple oversight on our part, there's nothing to worry about."
Ryuunosuke: "Well, it'd definitely raise some questions about our investigative prowess, but that's beside the point. I want it looked into it just for reassurances sake."
Ryuunosuke: "So that's where you step in."
Satoru: You want me check something in the AIMS database?
Ryuunosuke: "Not quite. I want you to look into growth potential for abilities."
Satoru: Growth potential...
*I remember Shikibe-senpai mentioning that before.*
Mayu: You can get better at USING your ability, but its basic capabilities will never change.
*In other words, if abilities COULD grow, it would be due to some secret that researchers haven't yet discovered.*
Satoru: Do you want me to steal data from the research center?
Ryuunosuke: "No, nothing that dangerous. Sorry, I should've made myself more clear."
Ryuunosuke: "I don't want you to comb through data; I only want you to ask one of your teachers."
Ryuunosuke: "Kikka Academy is at the forefront of Astron research and all the teachers there are actively involved in it."
Ryuunosuke: "It doesn't need to be any sort of officially published study or anything. Just see if there's any 'talk' or 'buzz' about the possibility of it."
Satoru: So you want me to ask my teachers questions under the guise of a curious student?
Ryuunosuke: "Yeah. Unfortunately, since there's not any concrete evidence for it at the moment, I can't waste manpower on it."
Satoru: Alright.
Ryuunosuke: "Thanks."
Ryuunosuke: "That's all. Out."
*Ability growth...*
Satoru: Should I ask Kakimoto-sensei about it?
Ayase: Did you go jogging today?
Satoru: Yeah. On that note, why aren't you coming along with me anymore?
Satoru: Just curious since you used to every day.
Ayase: Oh, right. I was just waking up early back then 'cause I had a lot of worries on my mind.
Ayase: I have a hard time getting up at that time now, though. Maybe 'cause all of those worries are gone... Ahaha.
Ayase: Do you want me to come with you?
Satoru: Oh, nah. You don't have to if you don't want to. I'm literally just jogging, nothing more.
Satoru: But... spending more time together would be nice.
Ayase: Well, yeah... I agree. I'd love to spend more time together, but like...
Ayase: I'm not an early riser at all... I'd lie around in my bed forever if I could.
Satoru: Yeah, I feel you.
Satoru: Well, you don't have to if you don't want to.
Satoru: I remember the last time I woke you up early, you weren't too pleased...
Ayase: Urk.
*It was just the other day, actually. It happened the morning after we had sex and spent the night together.*
*That look on her face still haunts me...*
Satoru: Hey, Ayase. It's morning.
Ayase: Zzz.
Satoru: I'm gonna head back to my room, okay?
Ayase: Zzz... Tch... WHAT?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: I'm very sorry for disturbing your slumber. Go back to sleep.
Ayase: Ngh...
Ayase: Zzz... Zzz... Zzz...
Satoru: Man, I legitimately feared for my life that morning.
Ayase: Wh-What?! Come on, that's totally an exaggeration!
Satoru: I'm serious. You scared me to the bone.
Ayase: I've never been a morning person, but I didn't know it was THAT bad.
Ayase: You're the first person that's ever told me that... Which, I mean, I guess makes sense 'cause no one besides my family's ever seen me sleeping.
Satoru: I'm not saying you have to do something about it.
Satoru: It was actually pretty adorable, in a sense.
Ayase: Hmm... Can't say I enjoy being complimented about something like that.
Satoru: Haha. Well, either way, you don't have to do anything you don't want to.
Satoru: You can just join me if you randomly wake up early one day, that's fine.
Ayase: It kinda irks me that you assume I'm incapable of getting up early...
Satoru: Hey, you said it, not me.
Satoru: But yeah, we can discuss this later. Let's go get breakfast.
Classmate B: Good morning, Mitsukasa-san!
Classmate A: Morning.
Ayase: Good morning!
*She wears a nice, cheery smile on her face as she walks in the classroom.*
*It's a different smile than the one she shows me when we're alone... But this smile is fine in its own right.*
Satoru: Alright...
*I'm about to head to my seat when I notice a pair of stares being directed my way.*
Taishi,Tesshin: ......
Satoru: Yeah?
Tesshin: Say, man, haven't you and Mitsukasa-san been a little... chummy around each other recently?
Taishi: A rumor's even been going around that someone saw you... eating PIZZA together in the courtyard over the weekend.
Satoru: Oh, yeah.
Taishi: You DID?!
Satoru: Uh-huh.
Tesshin: Shit. That's a little concerning. You two aren't...
Taishi: You aren't, like, dating her, are you?
Satoru: What?
Satoru: I just ate lunch with a girl who lives in the same dorm as me. What's weird about that?
Tesshin: Yeah, nothing!
Taishi: Hahaha!
Satoru: But yeah, you guessed right. We're dating.
Taishi,Tesshin: WHAAAAAAAAT?!
Satoru: What's the big deal? You guys have a crush on Ayase or something?
Taishi: Ayase?! You're already on a first-name basis?!
Satoru: I mean, yeah. We're dating.
Satoru: But real talk, are you into her?
Taishi: Well, kinda...
Tesshin: No guy ISN'T into her.
Tesshin: But I wouldn't really call it a crush, per se... It's more like admiration?
Taishi: Yeah. It's kinda like... if she asked me out by some miracle, I'd say yes in a heartbeat, but other than that...
Tesshin: I wouldn't really care enough to try and hit on her or ask her out.
Tesshin: Kinda like your fantasy girlfriend? If that makes sense.
Taishi: I'd say most guys are in the same boat as us. But yeah, I guess there are some that are actually serious about her.
Taishi: I mean, she's never really one to hang out with people in her free time. She just smiles and tries to be as polite as possible about it.
Tesshin: So how the hell did she end up with you...
Tesshin: You sure this isn't just some fantasy of yours?
Taishi: Are you some fanatical stalker or something?
Satoru: What? You guys are crazy. Why would we be walking to school together if I was a stalker?
Taishi: Good point.
Satoru: We're dating, without a doubt. She verbally said yes to me.
Tesshin: Ah, gotcha. Guess we better stop questioning you, then.
Taishi: Yeah, we might've dreamed about getting together with her, but we were never really serious about it.
Taishi: Still, though. Damn, you and Mitsukasa-san... I realize I don't have any right to whine... but damn, I'm so jealous.
Tesshin: Maybe we actually HAD a chance... Kghhh! Fucking hell, why'd I just sit on my ass!
Satoru: Hahaha.
Taishi: Your cheeky attitude's only pissing me off more.
Tesshin: We're just messing with you, but I'd seriously watch what you say around other guys.
Taishi: I'll stab your ass when you're not looking.
Satoru: Well, I'll make sure to tell everyone to blame you if I turn up dead.
Tesshin: He's just kidding, man. Don't take him seriously.
Taishi: Don't worry, Arihara. A little stab wound isn't enough to kill someone. The medical facilities on campus here are top notch.
Taishi: Just make sure the knife doesn't hit your vitals.
Satoru: Wait, why am I still getting stabbed?!
Taishi: Come on, just deal with it. You're the lucky one.
Tesshin: Right.
Tesshin: Oh, speaking of which... What'd they say about your headache?
Taishi: Hm? Oh, that. It was just a migraine. Kakimoto-sensei gave me some painkillers.
Satoru: Feeling better now?
Taishi: Yep. I'm feeling GREAT.
Satoru: Glad to hear.
Taishi: It took up my entire weekend, though. That sucked.
Satoru: Yeah, it was a similar experience for me.
Satoru: You just gotta sit there until it's over with. I was bored out of my mind.
Taishi: Same here.
Tesshin: Oh, that's the bell.
Kaori: Everyone, please take your seats. I'm about to take attendance.
Kaori: The experiments which I've just detailed have successfully proven that potency of an astral ability is not affected by whether someone is a congenital or acquired type.
Kaori: Generally speaking, what this means is that the only notable difference between the different types is the point in which they become an Astral.
Classmate B: Question!
Kaori: Yes?
Classmate B: Since you said "generally" speaking, does that mean there are some other, minor differences?
Kaori: Yes, that is correct. Usually, acquired types are more sensitive to astrons.
Kaori: Consequently, they can utilize the energy created by linking in a more efficient manner--or so we assume.
Kaori: It's essentially the same as whether or not a person is dexterous.
Kaori: While it is an empirically observable phenomenon, the data we have isn't conclusive enough to establish a strong connection.
Kaori: Slightly off-topic, but we've yet to discover what factors lead acquired types to become Astrals in the first place.
Classmate A: Huh? I heard it was because of deep psychological issues or desires... Is that wrong?
Kaori: That's merely what we'd call popular belief. I won't say it's untrue, but at present, we have no scientific evidence to support that theory.
Kaori: We can't exactly put a measuring stick to a person's brain and measure their desire, after all.
Classmate A: What do you personally believe causes it?
Kaori: Hmm. As it stands, the number of Astrals increases with each passing year.
Kaori: Some believe that, eventually, the entire human race will consist of Astrals.
Kaori: So, in a sense, like evolution. And if you consider that to be true, then genetics must be the deciding factor in whether or not a person is or becomes an Astral.
Kaori: So my personal hypothesis would be that acquired types become Astrals not because of their psyche, but because of their genes.
Kaori: Take for example Nijouin-san. She has the ability to manipulate water, as you all know.
Hazuki: Ah, yes.
Kaori: Perhaps her ancestors lived close to water for several generations, which bred within them a desire to control the water.
Kaori: The opposite could also be the case. Perhaps they lived in an area of extreme water scarcity, which created a craving for water within them.
Kaori: Through many generations, these survival-based desires snuck into their DNA and happened to manifest now in present day time.
Kaori: That's the theory. However, this theory does have a number of problems, namely in its lack of ability to explain parents with different abilities than their children.
Kaori: I guess what I'm ultimately saying is we don't know the answer yet.
Kaori: Which is precisely why scientists across the globe are researching this subject, and also why institutions like Kikka Academy were erected.
Kaori: If any of what I just said piqued your interest, I'd advise you to try looking into your family tree as it relates to your ability, and inform me of what you find.
Tesshin: Are you researching that stuff yourself?
Kaori: I am not. My fields are in bio-engineering and physiology.
Kaori: The research conducted at Kikka Academy mainly revolves around recreating astral abilities in technology. We have strong corporate ties.
Tesshin: So, like, you do what the donors want?
Kaori: To be brutally honest, yes, that is essentially what it boils down to.
Kaori: However, we do more than just that.
Kaori: As you all know, we're also researching astral ability control.
Kaori: We research not just what our donors want us to, but also things that will impact the future of Astrals.
Kaori: So should you ever have worries or questions pertaining to your ability, or if you simply want to learn more, you can always come to me.
Kaori: Ah, and of course you can always come to me with any questions you may have about anything, ability-related or not. Even though I'm a researcher, I'm also your teacher.
Classmate B: That last part felt super tacked on.
Kaori: You're imagining things.
All: Hahaha.
Satoru: ......
*That was quite the thorough explanation...*
*The thing Dad asked me to look into seems pretty related to astral abilities, so I guess I can just ask Kakimoto-sensei about it.*
*Guess I'll go ahead and do that after class.*
Kaori: Oh, we seem to be almost out of time.
Kaori: It's a bit early, but this is a good stopping point. Class is dismissed.
Satoru: Kakimoto-sensei.
*I spot her walking down the hallway during lunch break, and call out to her.*
Kaori: Yes? Do you need something?
Satoru: Is now a good time? I have a question.
Kaori: Is it something pertaining to class?
Satoru: Umm, it's not really about anything we talked about in class today, but it's sort of tangentially related, so I figured I'd ask you.
Kaori: We don't want to block the hallway. Here, follow me to the faculty room.
Atsunori: Kakimoto-sensei.
Kaori: Yes?
Kaori: Oh, Principal Ise. Do you need something?
Atsunori: A request for an interview came in, so I was hoping to talk to you about a few details.
Satoru: Okay, I'll come back at a later time, Kakimoto-sensei.
Atsunori: No, that won't be necessary. In fact, this is perfect. I need to talk to the both of you.
Satoru: You need to talk to me?
Atsunori: Well, not just you, technically, but everyone who was a part of your cafe during the fair.
Satoru: Oh...
Atsunori: There is going to be an interview taking place after school today regarding the fair.
Atsunori: I've already informed Mitsukasa-kun of this, of course, and received her consent.
Satoru: I'm surprised there's still so much interest in it. It's already been a few weeks since.
Atsunori: Normally it doesn't garner this level of attention. It's more specifically your exhibit.
Atsunori: Those "water furnishings" of yours have become a bit of a hot topic.
Atsunori: That being the case, they've asked if we could recreate them for today's interview.
Satoru: So that's what you wanted to talk to me about?
Atsunori: The request to see the furnishings only came in just now. Mitsukasa-kun hasn't been informed of it yet.
Satoru: I take it you want me to tell her as well as the rest of the group?
Atsunori: Right. By the way, the interview is scheduled for 5:00 PM.
Satoru: Got it. I'll make sure everyone knows.
Atsunori: As for you, Kakimoto-sensei.
Kaori: Yes.
Atsunori: I'd like you to supervise everything, just in case. Well, that is, only if the furnishings can be recreated today.
Kaori: Yes, I can certainly do that.
Atsunori: Arihara-kun.
Satoru: Yes, sir.
Atsunori: Let Kakimoto-sensei know if it'll be possible after you ask your friends.
Atsunori: Also, Kakimoto-sensei, please contact me immediately once you get confirmation so I can pass word along to the interviewers.
Kaori: Absolutely.
Satoru: Yes, sir.
Atsunori: Thank you both.
*With that, he walks off.*
Satoru: I guess I should probably ask them ASAP.
Kaori: Probably, yes. The earlier the better.
Satoru: Alright. I'll go ahead and do that now.
Kaori: Are you sure? I could summon all of them to the faculty room over the speaker.
Satoru: Nah, it's fine. I don't want to needlessly draw attention to the whole thing.
Satoru: Okay. See you later, Kakimoto-sensei.
Kaori: Goodbye.
Kaori: Oh, wait. Didn't you want to ask me something?
Satoru: It's nothing urgent. I'll just ask you again some other time.
Satoru: Would after school today during the interview work?
Kaori: Yes, that'll be fine. I'll make sure to remember it.
Satoru: Thank you.
*I found everyone, talked to them about the interview, and luckily nobody had any plans today, so they all agreed.*
*After school, we all gathered at the pool.*
Nanami: Was there REALLY a need for us to put on our swimsuits?
Satoru: That's what they wanted. They said it'd look more natural if we were in our swimwear when standing next to the chairs and tables.
Chisaki: Do I need to be here at all? I mean, I'm not an Astral and I basically only did waitress stuff.
Nanami: I mean, I didn't use my ability either.
Kyouhei: Man, then I'M the most unneeded person here, since I didn't contribute to the furnishings in any way, plus I'm a guy.
Satoru: I'm basically in the same boat as you. I didn't use my ability for anything.
Satoru: But still, the cafe was a group effort. It'd feel a little sad to leave people out just 'cause they weren't involved with the furnishings.
Chisaki: Well... yeah, I guess I see where you're coming from.
Nanami: True. I'd probably feel a teensy bit sad if I didn't get asked to come.
Kyouhei: Well, it's not like I had anything else to do today, so I'm not complaining.
Hazuki: Hnghhh--Hah!
Mayu: And... there we go. That should do it.
Kaori: That looks wonderful. Thank you for your efforts.
Kaori: Ah, my apologies. I made it sound like we're all done, but we still have the interview ahead.
Ayase: It hasn't even begun yet and I already feel a bit exhausted.
Ayase: I'd love to have something sweet as a light snack right now.
Mayu: It'd be nice if we had some teacakes to go along with the interview, but unfortunately we're only recreating the furnishings.
Hazuki: Gosh, we're really going to be doing an interview. I'm feeling rather nervous.
Hazuki: Ah, don't misunderstand me, I know full well that they aren't coming to interview me in particular.
Hazuki: However, I've never before participated in one of these and... urghhh... I-I just can't stay calm!
Mayu: I know exactly what you mean.
Mayu: If they take a picture of me and show it someone, they'll be like "Whoa, doesn't she look a little old to be wearing that?" and I won't even have the chance to explain anything to them... Kgh!
Mayu: You don't have to tell me that! I'm perfectly aware of my age!
Satoru: I think you're worrying over nothing.
Chisaki: He's right, Shikibe-senpai. You've got a gorgeous body, so there's nothing to be ashamed of!
Nanami: Why do you have such low confidence? You're honestly really pretty, and I think anyone would agree.
Mayu: Thank you, Nanami-chan. Thank you, Chisaki-chan. I'm gonna try my best to hang in there!
Ayase: Has the reporter arrived on campus yet, Sensei?
Kaori: They are here, however, the principal is keeping them company until we're ready.
Kaori: I'll go and get them now, so please wait here patiently.
Ayase: Alright.
Ayase: I'm sorry I had to take time out of your day for this, everyone.
Hazuki: Ah, no! I wasn't meaning to complain or imply I didn't want to be here.
Mayu: Yep. It's kinda embarrassing, but I don't have a problem with it.
Mayu: I'm actually really happy that I finally get to help you with something.
Chisaki: I probably won't be doing much, but whatever I do do, I'll give it 110\%!
Nanami: Yeah, me too.
Hazuki: Think of it not as us participating in the interview, but as us helping you.
Hazuki: There's no greater pleasure to me than lending a friend my assistance.
Ayase: Thank you, Nijouin-san. I'm really delighted to have such wonderful friends.
*She may be putting on a mask in front of everyone, but her gratitude is sincere.*
*Now that I've gotten much closer to her, I can tell these things.*
Satoru: (It's probably always been this way.)
Satoru: (Her speech and mannerisms are fake, but the intent behind what she says is genuine.)
Satoru: (She's good at hiding her real self, but faking her feelings is something I doubt she could do even if she wanted to. Maybe it's that sincerity of hers that draws me to her.)
Mayu: Alright, I guess we just sit here and relax until Kakimoto-sensei gets back.
Nanami: Yeah... just standing around here in a bikini doing nothing feels really awkward.
Nanami: Do you guys think my bikini's too revealing?
Chisaki: Nah, it's perfect. You made the right choice in picking it, absolutely.
Nanami: Thanks. You also look really cute in yours. Those bright colors really accentuate your personality.
Chisaki: Eheehee, thank ya!
Mayu: Yep. You both look very cute.
Chisaki: As do you, Senpai! Your black bikini looks like it's about to BURST. You're practically oozing with sexiness... A buxom beauty if I've ever seen one!
Nanami: Yeah, I agree. You look really sexy.
Chisaki: You're quite sexy yourself, Nanami-chan.
Hazuki: I have to agree. The term definitely fits for Shikibe-senpai, but certainly for you as well, Nanami-kun. You're RATHER well-endowed despite being younger than me.
Nanami: D-Don't stare. You're embarrassing me...
Hazuki: Ah, er, my apologies. I didn't mean to.
Chisaki: You have plenty, Nijouin-senpai.
Chisaki: And I have NOTHING at all... Ah, I'm sooo jealous.
Chisaki: Hey, Senpai. Is it true that do all men prefer big boobs?
Nanami: Chisaki-chan?! Why are you asking him that?!
Mayu: Yeah, Mitsukasa-san might take it the wrong way!
Chisaki: Ah! Sorry, I wasn't trying to imply anything! I just wanted a guy's opinion on the subject!
Ayase: No need to worry, Chisaki-san. I never assumed anything of the sort. 
Ayase: Besides, I'm quite interested in hearing his response to that question too! I wonder what he'll say?
Ayase: Care to enlighten us?
*Oh god, oh god, oh god! She's terrifying me!*
Satoru: Err... right.
Satoru: I can't speak for every guy out there, but I don't mind small boobs.
Satoru: I love you a whole lot, Ayase, and being with you makes me happy.
Satoru: I definitely wouldn't be feeling this happy if my love for you only stemmed from a single part of your body.
Satoru: So yeah, boob size doesn't matter to me.
Satoru: It's kinda hard to describe, but like, when you REALLY love someone, you can feel it in your heart.
Everyone: Whoa...
Ayase: Well, I guess I'll accept that answer...
Satoru: Phew...
*Close call there. She probably would've murdered me if I said the wrong thing.*
*Either way, I spoke my honest opinion.*
*I wasn't fibbing out of my ass to tide me over the situation.*
Chisaki: I don't see why you'd need to be concerned about your size, Ayase-senpai.
Ayase: Well--err...
Ayase: I would rather not be with someone who proclaims that women are nothing more than the size of their breasts.
Chisaki: Good point. No one wants a sleazebag for a boyfriend.
Hazuki: But that isn't a worry. Arihara-kun would never be so judgemental.
Mayu: Yep.
Nanami: Now if only we could do something about his sister complex...
Satoru: I'm NOT a siscon!
Journalist: Alright, I'd like to start the interview now.
Journalist: It's a pleasure to be here with you today. Let me start things off by congratulating you on the success of your "bikini cafe" at the Astral Expo Fair.
Ayase: Thank you very much.
Journalist: I hear that people really loved the chairs and tables you made using astral abilities.
Journalist: In fact, I'm sitting on one of those chairs as we speak. So tell, who came up with this idea. Was it you, Mitsukasa-san?
Ayase: No, it was actually Shikibe-senpai, another member of our cafe team.
Journalist: Oh, I see. Then allow me to direct this next question towards you, Shikibe-san.
Mayu: Y-Yes, ma'am. What is it?
Journalist: I believe it had always been common for students to do things during the festival that were focused around individual use of abilities.
Journalist: Could you give us a little insight into how you arrived at the idea of combining multiple abilities?
Mayu: To be honest, all I can really say is, one day, the idea just came to me...
Mayu: But I guess the context does matter. I'm actually involved in research here at this school and that--
Satoru: ......
Satoru: I'd love to help, but I don't think they want guys on camera...
Kyouhei: Yeah, having a bunch of cute girls on there is just way more appealing.
Atsunori: Thank you very much for agreeing to the sudden request. You have my gratitude.
Kyouhei: Oh, it's no big deal, sir. I didn't have anything else to do anyway.
Atsunori: And Kakimoto-sensei, I apologize for springing this upon you on such short notice. I know you have other work to be doing.
Kaori: No worries. This is my job too.
Satoru: Do they not want you to be part of the interview, sir?
Atsunori: I already addressed all their questions before coming here.
Atsunori: Besides, right now, I'd much rather have a conversation with you.
Satoru: With me?
Atsunori: Yes. There are a number of students who transfer into our school, but I scarcely get the opportunity to talk with them one-on-one like this.
Atsunori: How are you enjoying your life here?
Satoru: I can hardly complain. It's very nice here and I feel nothing but gratitude to everyone for being so kind and accepting towards me.
Satoru: My sister also echoed the same sentiments.
Atsunori: Wonderful.
Satoru: I find school pretty fascinating as well.
Atsunori: Oh? In what way, if you don't mind sharing?
Satoru: Even though our abilities are an inherent part of us as Astrals, I found that there was quite a lot I didn't know about them.
Satoru: I've never been one to enjoy school and studying, but the classes here are all so interesting. It's the first time I've ever thought of school as fun.
Atsunori: Hrm, I see.
Atsunori: Hearing such lavish praise makes me feel proud to have founded this school.
Atsunori: Anyhow. Are you experiencing any difficulties in your day-to-day life? I know you may not be used to an all-boarding school.
Satoru: No, I'm doing fine.
Satoru: Everyone is very kind and helpful.
Satoru: I mean, it was only because I made such wonderful friends that I was able to participate in the Astral Expo Fair with our cafe.
Atsunori: ......
Satoru: Sir?
Atsunori: I see. That's wonderful.
Atsunori: Sorry for asking you what might seem like random questions.
Atsunori: Thank you for entertaining me, Arihara-kun. Your feedback helps us make this school a better place. I'd love to talk with you again sometime.
Satoru: Ah, yes. Of course, sir.
Atsunori: I'll be excusing myself now. Kakimoto-sensei.
Kaori: Yes.
Atsunori: I'll be in my office. Contact me if anything comes up.
Kaori: Absolutely.
Kyouhei: ......
Kyouhei: I always thought Principal Ise was some mean, grisly person, but he's actually pretty friendly.
Kaori: He does have a rather intimidating presence, but he would never act with cruelty towards a student.
Kyouhei: Man... the interview doesn't even seem close to done.
Kyouhei: Sensei, can I go buy a drink? I promise I'll be right back.
Kaori: Yes, absolutely.
Kyouhei: You want anything, Satoru? I'll get it for you. Oh, and you as well, Sensei.
Kaori: I appreciate the thought, but a teacher could never ask a student for a favor of that nature.
Satoru: I don't need anything either.
Kyouhei: Alright. I'll be back in a bit.
*Kyouhei runs off, exiting the pool area.*
Journalist: Onto my next question. I'm curious about how "lasting" the water furnishings are. Do things made using astral abilities last indefinitely?
Ayase: Usually they do not, and the effect dissipates almost immediately.
Ayase: Isn't that right, Nijouin-san?
Hazuki: V-Verily right, indeed! Active ability usage is required to maintain the fect--effect!
Journalist: Thank you for the explanation! That's very enlightening.
Journalist: No need to feel so nervous, though. We'll be publishing this in a magazine, so we can easily edit out any mistakes.
Hazuki: N-Noted! I thank you verily much for doeth--doing that!
Journalist: W-Well, we'll have the editorial team correct everything.
Hazuki: You have my eternal gratitude!
Journalist: Okay, so continuing where we left off...
Ayase: We used something special in this case--Shikibe-san, may I tell them about it?
Mayu: Yeah, as long as you don't go too into detail. Actually, here, let me explain it.
Satoru: ......
*Kyouhei's right. This isn't gonna end anytime soon.*
Kaori: Oh, that reminds me.
Satoru: Yes?
Kaori: What was the question you wanted to ask me earlier during lunch break?
Satoru: Oh, thanks for reminding me. I was a bit curious about something.
Satoru: Is it possible for a person's ability to "grow" in potential?
Kaori: So you're asking about ability growth?
Satoru: You mentioned in class today that ability control is an active topic of research, so I was wondering if ability growth is as well.
Kaori: Is there some reason in particular why you want your ability to further develop?
Satoru: No, not exactly. My link value's just, uh, a little on the low side.
Satoru: So I figured that now that I'm at Kikka Academy, it might be fun to try and work on improving my ability.
Kaori: Your ability is physical enhancement, if I remember correctly?
Kaori: What is your link value?
Satoru: Around 55.
Kaori: A value of 55 for physical enhancement... Hmm, you're right, that is slightly on the lower side.
Kaori: However, we can use assume that you're able to use the energy much more efficiently as a result.
Kaori: In other words, you don't have any excess energy, which means... the prospects are low.
Satoru: So further developing an ability would actually be possible if there was excess energy when linking?
Kaori: Not DEVELOPMENT, per se, but plain and simple enhancement, yes, that should be within the realm of possibility.
Kaori: Ahem. Let me explain.
Kaori: In theory, if you're able to harness that excess energy, the potency of your ability will increase. 
Kaori: This isn't "growth," but rather a "powering-up" of your ability insofar as you're improving efficiency.
Kaori: You should be able to intuitively understand this concept.
Satoru: Huh?
Kaori: Congenital type Astrals can't use their abilities to their full extent at a young age.
Kaori: As the body matures, the amount of energy you're able to control also increases.
Satoru: Yeah, now that you mention it... I know what you're talking about.
Kaori: However, in this case, you're only becoming better at controlling energy that you've always had at your disposal.
Kaori: It's more apt to describe it as an improvement in "control" rather than implying some sort of fundamental change is happening to your ability itself.
Satoru: Do you think it's possible to rapidly improve control in a short period of time?
Kaori: Control differs from person to person, so there is no one answer, but in general, I'd say it's probably impossible.
Kaori: Repetitive practice over a long period of time would be the way to improve control.
Satoru: I see...
Kaori: In your case, though...
Satoru: No amount of practice would really change much?
Satoru: If I wanted to make my ability more potent, I'd need to up my link value. Correct?
Kaori: Precisely. Unfortunately, though, as of now, there is no known way to increase one's link value.
Kaori: If such a method is ever discovered, it might even become possible to artificially manifest abilities in non-Astrals.
Satoru: Interesting. Increasing the link value of a normal person would turn them into an Astral... yeah.
Kaori: This is why many researchers from around the world are looking into the topic of link values.
Satoru: I've heard some sketchy rumors about some drug on the black market that can supposedly make a normal person into an Astral... 
Satoru: But yeah, I've never met a person who's become an Astral that way, nor anyone who's even seen the drug at all.
Kaori: Exactly. Nothing of the sort exists YET.
Kaori: Meaning you have an opportunity to do something big. I have my hopes up for you.
Satoru: Err, for what?
Kaori: For the day when one of my students makes the discovery of the century and gets their name printed into textbooks.
Satoru: U-Um, no promises, but I'll try.
Kaori: Have I answered your question sufficiently?
Satoru: Yes. I learned a lot.
Kaori: If you ever have any further questions, or get the urge to experiment with things yourself, don't hesitate to ask me for help.
Satoru: Thank you.
Satoru: ......
*According to what she just told me, my ability will never change in any significant way.*
*However, by getting better at control and harnessing the excess energy, an ability can become more POTENT.*
*In this particular case, the change is from apportation to teleportation. Which, I guess you COULD technically see as potency related?*
*I think it depends on the fundamental nature of the person's ability, either way.*
*One can think of countless ways an apportation or teleportation ability might works. It could warp matter through space, pass matter through other matter, or even utilize some sort of wormhole.*
*Depending on HOW it operates, the intricacies of the ability change.*
Satoru: (Well, first things first. I gotta report to Dad what I learned.)
Journalist: Thank you very much for your patience today.
Journalist: Sorry I kept you here so late. I got a little too absorbed in the interview.
Ayase: Oh, that's perfectly fine. We just want you to be able to write the best article possible.
Journalist: Really, I can't thank you enough.
Journalist: And the rest of you too! I have a feeling I'll be able to write a fantastic article with all the material you gave me.
Journalist: Alright, I'll be on my way now. Goodbye.
Ayase: Goodbye.
Kaori: Let me walk you to the gate.
Journalist: Thank you, Kakimoto-sensei. I appreciate the offer.
Journalist: But I would like to go and thank the principal first before I leave.
Kaori: Unfortunately, he may have already left for the day.
Journalist: I just wanted to say a few words, so if he's not there, that's fine.
Kaori: Alright. I'll check for you.
Kaori: As for all of you, get changed and promptly return to your dorms.
Kyouhei: Oh, Sensei!
Kaori: Yes. What is it?
Kyouhei: Could we, um, get permission to use the pool for a bit? I promise we'll lock up after we're done.
Kaori: You want to use the pool? Is this for something related to your abilities?
Kyouhei: Err, I'll be honest. Since we're all here and in swimsuits, I was kinda thinking maybe we could play around some.
Kaori: You want to play?
Kyouhei: I guess that's probably an unreasonable request, huh?
Kaori: Hmm.
Kaori: Alright. I'll allow it this time as thanks for your cooperation with the interview.
Kaori: However, this will be a one-time exception. Also, you are to be back to your dorms before curfew. Are we clear?
Kyouhei: Yes, ma'am.
Kaori: Okay, here is the key. Return it to the faculty room after you're done.
Kyouhei: Thank you!
Kaori: Sorry about that.
Kaori: Are you ready?
Journalist: Yes.
*Kakimoto-sensei then leaves alongside the reporter.*
Kyouhei: Alrighty.
Hazuki: Were you really itching to play in the pool that badly, Suou?
Kyouhei: No, that's not why I asked for the key.
Kyouhei: Here, Satoru. Catch.
Satoru: Hm?
*He tosses me the key he received from Kakimoto-sensei.*
Kyouhei: Why don't you have yourselves a little date here?
Ayase: Huh?
Kyouhei: You probably don't get a lot of opportunities to spend time alone, am I right?
Kyouhei: We're all living in dorms here, so someone's bound to see you if you try and hang out in each other's rooms.
Mayu: Oh, I get what you mean now.
Nanami: We're the only few people who know about you two.
Chisaki: Ohh, I see! Smart going there, Suou-senpai!
Kyouhei: So, yeah. We're gonna get changed and go on back to the dorm.
Hazuki: Right.
Hazuki: However, this is not an excuse to break curfew. Understood?
Satoru: Yeah, we won't.
Satoru: Thanks, guys.
*The others head off to the changing room, leaving me and Ayase alone in the pool area.*
*We have this whole, wide area all to ourselves right now.*
Ayase: What should we do?
Satoru: Let's just relax and enjoy ourselves. I mean, our friends set this up for us, so I'd feel bad not making use of it.
Satoru: Besides, I've kinda been wanting to spend some alone time with you lately.
Satoru: Haven't you?
Ayase: Well, yeah. That should be obvious.
Satoru: Then what's the problem?
Ayase: Yeah, you're right. Let's just hang out here.
Satoru: Mhm. We have the whole pool to ourselves.
Satoru: You'll be to unwind now since everyone's gone too.
Ayase: Oh. Yeah, I will!
Ayase: Nghhhhh, ahhhh! I'm SOOO beat! Keeping up that big, wide smile in front of reporters is so freaking exhausting...
Satoru: I bet.
Satoru: Sorry I couldn't really do anything.
Ayase: Nah, that's fine. The interviews and stuff are my job, first and foremost.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Gimme your hand for a sec.
Ayase: My hand? What're you gonna do with it?
*She tilts her head in puzzlement and does what I instructed her to.*
*I then gently wrap both of my hands around hers.*
Ayase: Ah...
Satoru: Having someone touch your hand and warm you up is a great way to relax when you're stressed and tired.
Ayase: Mhm, yeah, I can feel it. It's a weird way to hold hands, but like... I kinda like it.
Ayase: I have to stop myself from grinning like an idiot.
Satoru: Who says you have to? We're the only ones here right now. Grin all you want.
Ayase: I mean, yeah... but I'd be grinning like a fool just 'cause my boyfriend's next to me...
Ayase: That'd be way too embarrassing... It's like one of those cliche things that girly girls who are hopelessly in love do. I dunno, it'd just feel out of character for me.
Satoru: Who cares about that? I'm the only one here, so I'm the only one who'd see it.
Ayase: That's exactly why! I don't want you to see, 'cause then you'd be able to use that against me.
Ayase: You'd tease me nonstop about it, wouldn't you?
Satoru: What? I wouldn't do that.
Satoru: I'm not gonna upset you and ruin this precious time we have together right now.
Satoru: But yeah, anyways, you deserve a break after everything today. I'll do anything to be of service to you, Milady.
Ayase: Huh. I like that! Kinda sounds like you're my butler.
Ayase: Very well, my loyal butler. You may serve me.
Satoru: ......
*I know I'm not much of a masochist, but this is scaring me...*
*I'm actually considering what it'd be like to serve Ayase, and it doesn't seem half bad.*
*I guess it's just one of the ways in which love can change a man.*
Ayase: Ahhhh, you know, your hand massage feels REAAALLY good. A lot better than I expected.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Is all of this personal sacrifice really necessary on your part?
Satoru: I know you said you're doing it for the future of us Astrals, and I think that's a wonderful thing.
Satoru: But, honestly, do you have to go this far?
Ayase: Well...
*She quickly looks away from me.*
*That must mean it's something hard for her to say...*
Satoru: Err, sorry. I guess that was a bit too invasive of me.
Satoru: I won't force you to tell me if there's some other, more personal reason.
Satoru: If you can't tell me, that's fine. I wasn't meaning to criticize you; I think what you're doing is really commendable, so just forget I brought it up.
Ayase: Well, it's not something I need to hide... Basically, there's a certain person I wanna see again.
Ayase: They're an Astral too, and we were friends when I was younger.
Ayase: Unfortunately, there are certain circumstances keeping us apart right now.
Ayase: They went through a lot of horrible things 'cause they were an Astral... and I couldn't do anything to help.
Ayase: But things don't have to be that way anymore. We can change society into a place where Astrals can peacefully live together with normal people.
Satoru: So that's why you're doing all these interviews and everything?
Ayase: Yeah. I know my efforts might not have much impact. I know that the chance of them leading to significant change might be tiny.
Ayase: But I wanna be able to hold my head high when I meet that person again.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Okay.
Ayase: So yeah, you don't need to worry about helping me any more than you already are. Just helping me relax is enough.
Satoru: I'm happy to hear that, but--
Satoru: One question. Is that person you want to see again... a guy?
Ayase: ......
Ayase: That's your biggest question?
Satoru: It's the most important thing to me.
Satoru: So, are they?
Ayase: No, they're a girl. And just to be clear, there's nothing romantic about our relationship.
Ayase: There's only, umm... one person... I'm in love with.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Hnghhh!
Ayase: Th-That your only question? Great, then we're done with this conversation! And you can stop the massage too!
Ayase: Th-Thank you.
Satoru: Alright.
Satoru: Sooo...
Satoru: What now? Wanna go for a swim?
Ayase: Hmm, nah. I don't wanna expend a bunch of energy after you got me relaxed.
Satoru: Oh, okay. If you don't want to, we don't have to...
Satoru: Just feels like a waste not to use the pool when all the others left and gave us this area to ourselves.
Satoru: Maybe I should've told them to stay and we all could've played in the pool together.
Ayase: *stare*
Satoru: Wh-What?
Ayase: So, tell me... You wouldn't happen to be subtly implying that you want to see REAL boobs instead of whatever I have... would you?
Satoru: No, of course not.
Satoru: Like I said earlier, size doesn't matter to me.
Ayase: Uh-huh... I heard you say that... and I DO believe you...
Ayase: But, I dunno... I want more physical, concrete proof.
Satoru: Err, what are you talking about?
Ayase: Look... What I'm trying to say is, I want proof that you still love me despite my boobs being tiny.
Ayase: Mhh.
Ayase: PROOF... Mhhhhhhhhhhh!
*She's begging me for a kiss.*
Satoru: We're, um, still at the school pool, you do know that right?
Ayase: Yeah, but we're alone...
Satoru: True, we are...
*Judging by what Kakimoto-sensei said before she left, I doubt she'll be coming back.*
*I do a quick scan of our surroundings to see if the others are hiding and watching us somewhere. Nope, all clear.*
*In that case... Alright, I guess we can.*
*Honestly, I'm dying to kiss her right now too.*
*Not a second later, I step towards her and place my lips overtop her own.*
Ayase: Mhhh! Mh *kiss* *smooch* *smack*... *kiss* *smack*... mhh!
*She responds immediately, with vigor.*
Ayase: Mhh... *kiss* *smooch*... mhhh *kiss*... *slurp* *smack* *kiss* *kiss*
*Her lips are just as soft as last time.*
*And it feels so WARM too... God, I love kissing.*
*Just the fact that I'm getting to kiss my sweetheart right now makes my chest well up with joy.*
Satoru: Mhh, *pant*... Ayase.
Ayase: Mhh! No, not yet... I need more proof...
Satoru: You bet... I'm just getting started... Mhh!
Ayase: Nmh, mh, mh... *smack* *smack*... *kiss* *kiss* mhh *slurp*
Ayase: Mh, mhh *lick*... *smack* *lick* *lick*... mhh *slurp* *slurp* *slurp*...
*I slide the tip of my tongue inbetween her soft lips.*
*Her tongue instantly wraps around it without a moment's delay.*
Ayase: *slurp* Nmh, mhh... *lick* *smack* *kiss* *smack*... *lick* *lick*
Satoru: Mh *kiss*... Ayase, I love you... mh *slurp* mhhhh!
Ayase: Mhh *lick* *lick* *lick*... nmh *smack* *smack* *slurp* mhhhh. I love you, too... *slurp* *slurp* mhhh!
*We keep exchanging passionate, love-filled kisses.*
*They're so sloppy that both of our mouths end up covered in saliva.*
*Rather than a simple kiss, it feels more apt to call this some sort of tongue intercourse.*
Ayase: Mhh...! Mh *slurp*... *kiss* *kiss* *smack* nmhh... *slurp* *lick* *smack* *smooch* *smack*... *lick* *lick*
Satoru: Mh *lick*... Mhhh. Still not enough? You need more proof, yeah?
Ayase: Mh, yeah, give me more, more... Mhh *slurp* *lick* *lick* *lick*... mhhh!
*As an extension of her plea, she sticks her tongue out and continues to indulge in our kiss.*
Ayase: Mhh, ahhh, ah, don't stop... ahmf *lick* *lick* *lick*... *slurp* mhhh *smack* *smack*... *lick* *lick* *lick* mhhh *lick* *lick*... mh, mhhhhhh!
Ayase: Ahh! *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*
Satoru: I love you, Ayase. The size of your boobs makes not a difference in the world to me.
Ayase: Ah, *pant* *pant* *pant* Mhm, thanks... *pant*
Ayase: I put all my love for you into that kiss too. Could you feel it?
Satoru: Very much so.
Satoru: But I want to feel your love more... So can we kiss one more time?
Ayase: Only once?
Satoru: Sorry, let me rephrase that. Let's kiss to our heart's content.
Ayase: Mhm. Again and again, until we've had our fill... Mmh *kiss* *smack* *slurp*... *lick* *lick* *slurp*
Satoru: Mhh *slurp* mh, mhhh... *pant* *pant* Ahmf.
Ayase: Amhh, mhh *slurp* *slurp* *smack*... Mh, mmmmmmmh!!
*Our tongues are so wildly coiled around each other that I'm losing track of it.*
*We continue to wrap and twine as our lust soars.*
Satoru: Mhh... Man, we're really going crazy with these kisses.
Ayase: Well... it just feels so... GOOD.
Ayase: Can we kiss some more?
Satoru: I can't stop at this point even if I wanted to...
Ayase: Mhm. Let's keep doing it. Let's kiss, again and again and again... Mhh *slurp* *smack*... mhhh!
*The minutes pass as we continue to feverishly indulge in our passions until we're satisfied.*
*.........*
*......*
*...*
Ayase: Urgh. Walking is hard.
Satoru: Still hurts?
Ayase: No. My legs and back just feel weak...
Satoru: Want me to carry you?
Ayase: It's not THAT bad. Plus it'd be way too embarrassing if someone saw you carrying me.
Satoru: Really?
Ayase: Huh? Oh, no, I didn't mean that like it'd be embarrassing if people found out we're dating. That wasn't my issue.
Satoru: I know. I never assumed that. I was just kinda thinking...
Satoru: If that's too embarrassing for you, would holding hands be too embarrassing as well?
*As I say that, I offer my hand to her.*
Ayase: Well, no... Holding hands would be fine.
*Her hand feels as soft as ever.*
*The way she's tightly gripping my hand indicates her desire to stay next to me stronger than words ever could.*
*And the same goes for me.*
*I also put strength into my hand.*
*And we then interlock our fingers to form an even tighter connection.*
Ayase: So nice and warm.
Satoru: We could make it a little warmer, though.
*I pull on her hand to draw her closer to me.*
*She relaxes and lets it happen.*
*Afterward, she snuggles up to me, showing that she wanted this too.*
Satoru: Yeah, it's definitely better this way.
Ayase: Mhm. You're right. The nights are getting pretty cold these days. *giggle*
*We return to our dorm, cuddling and holding hands.*
*Back at the dorm, our friends welcomed us with smiles on their faces.*
*They did tease us, of course, but it was all in good spirit.*
*Man, I'm so blessed. I have good friends... and a girl I love.*
*I'm so glad I came to this school.*
*I find myself wishing this happiness would last forever.*
================================================================================
Ayase: Here you go... *yaaawn*
*She hands me a towel while letting out a big yawn.*
*I gratefully take it and proceed to wipe the sweat off my forehead.*
Ayase: Ugh, I dunno how you're able to jog every single morning. You have my respect.
Satoru: I try to go to bed early.
Satoru: I kinda have to do it, either way. Gotta keep in shape otherwise I'll screw up on a mission. 
Ayase: Look, I understand that stuff's important... but just try not to push yourself TOO hard, okay?
Satoru: I won't. I didn't mean to worry you, but I'm not pushing myself, I promise.
Satoru: You're my precious girlfriend and I love you to death. And I don't want to make you sad, so I'll pay attention to my health.
Ayase: That's a promise.
Satoru: Yeah, of course.
Satoru: On a related note, YOU don't need to push yourself to come along with me when I go jogging.
Satoru: Don't get me wrong, I enjoy spending more time with you... But you're not a morning person, are you?
Ayase: I'm definitely not, yeah... But when you keep telling me "I don't have to" it feels like you're saying "I know you can't do it" and it pisses me off.
*Looks like when I told her she didn't have to come the other day, she interpreted that as me indirectly telling her I'm not expecting her to show up, and decided to prove me wrong. She can be stubborn like that.*
*She's not very talkative, and I catch her rubbing her eyes groggily often, but she's still been managing to wake up and come with me every day.*
*Well, she's not actually jogging with me. She just sits and waits for me with a towel and a cold drink.*
*But that's fine. I'm happy enough just getting to see her in the mornings.*
Ayase: I mean, look, umm... this might serve as good practice. Like, who knows, maybe someday in the future I'll HAVE to get up early every day.
Ayase: For instance, err... umm... like if we got married? I'd have to do a ton of things for my hubby, like fix him lunch... see him off as he goes to work... you know.
Ayase: Point being! I figured I'd show you right now that I'm perfectly capable of getting up early if I want to.
Satoru: Oh, okay.
Ayase: So, yeah, if there's anything you ever want me to do for you, just go ahead and say it.
Ayase: You're just gonna get me mad if you hold back 'cause you assume I can't do it for whatever reason.
Satoru: Alright.
Satoru: I'll try to talk with you first before assuming things in the future.
Ayase: Good.
Satoru: Same goes for you. If there's ever anything you want me to do for you, just say the word.
Ayase: Thanks.
Satoru: Morning, guys.
Tesshin: Yo, morning.
Kyouhei: Good morning.
Taishi: Morning.
Kyouhei: Whoa, what's WRONG with you?
Kyouhei: You look really bad.
Taishi: Another migraine. This one's pretty bad.
Taishi: Maybe it's gonna rain tomorrow.
Satoru: You can tell that?
Taishi: I feel like my migraines get worse when the pressure goes down.
Tesshin: Man, what are you, a cat?
Taishi: Not that I haven't had plenty of bad migraines when the pressure's high. But anyway... ughhh...
Kyouhei: Do you still have those painkillers you got from Kakimoto-sensei?
Taishi: Used up the last of 'em yesterday.
Satoru: Why not ask for some more? It hasn't been that long since your examination.
Satoru: She'll probably just give you more without bothering with another check-up.
Taishi: True... Guess I'll do that.
Kyouhei: You might wanna just take the day off from school and go rest in your room, man.
Taishi: Maybe, yeah.
Tesshin: Damn, I didn't realize it was THAT bad. It's kinda hard to tell when it's not a physical injury.
Taishi: I think I'm gonna go talk to Kakimoto-sensei now.
Tesshin: Good idea. If it's that bad, the sooner the better.
Satoru: Hmm, I'm kinda worried about you walking over there on your own.
Kyouhei: I'll go with him just in case he falls down or anything.
Taishi: You don't gotta do that; I'm not some little kid. If you go with me, you're gonna be late for class.
Taishi: Thanks for the concern, but it's just a headache. I'll be fine.
Kyouhei: Well, okay then.
Taishi: See you guys later.
Tesshin: Yeah, hope you feel better soon, man.
Kyouhei: Gotta say, chronic conditions really seem nasty.
Tesshin: Agreed.
*The three of us silently watch Sagami leave the classroom.*
*Shortly thereafter, classes start without him.*
Kyouhei: Sensei!
Kaori: Yes?
*Kakimoto-sensei spins around at Kyouhei's voice.*
Kaori: How may I help you? A question pertaining to class?
Kyouhei: No, I was wondering about Sagami-kun.
Satoru: He was going on about how bad his migraine was and said he was gonna go to you.
Kyouhei: Did he go back to his room?
Kaori: Yes, he did. He didn't seem to be feeling very well, so I gave him some additional painkillers and sent him to his room. 
Kyouhei: What would you advise us to get him if we were to go pay him a visit?
Kaori: Simple food would be fine. Other than that, something to cool the inflammatory site would also be good.
Kyouhei: Alright.
Kaori: However, save your visit for after school. You aren't permitted to skip classes for that purpose.
Kyouhei: We know that.
Kaori: Good. Alright, I'll be on my way then.
Kaori: Oh, yes, Arihara-kun.
Satoru: Yes, ma'am?
Kaori: Have any additional thoughts sprung to mind after our conversation?
Satoru: Hmm? What do you mean?
Kaori: Our conversation about ability enhancement the other day. Did you think of any further questions?
Satoru: Oh, right... THAT conversation...
Kyouhei: Hmm?
*I only really asked her about that 'cause Dad requested that of me.*
*So, honestly, I HAVEN'T really given it any thought after I reported it all to him.*
*What should I say to her?*
Satoru: No, nothing as of yet.
Kaori: I see.
Kaori: If you ever develop an interest in researching that particular topic, come to me. I'll offer you all the assistance I can.
Kaori: It's a topic that I'm personally interested in myself, plus it would be beneficial research for the school to do.
Satoru: Thank you for the offer.
Satoru: If I ever think of any questions or decide I want to go forward with research, I'll make sure to come to you.
Kaori: Absolutely. I'll be waiting.
Kaori: Alright. I'll see you later.
Satoru: Goodbye.
Kyouhei: Hey, what were you talking about with Kakimoto-sensei?
Satoru: I asked her some questions about whether abilities could evolve the other day.
Kyouhei: Are you bothered by your ability or something?
Satoru: No, not really. I was just asking out of curiosity.
Kyouhei: So what'd she say?
Satoru: Apparently an ability can become more potent the more experience you get using it. It has to do with your ability to harness excess energy.
Satoru: But the fundamental capabilities of your ability don't change; you just get better at using it.
Satoru: She said that, currently, it's believed that there's no way to change a person's link value.
Kyouhei: So, essentially, no amount of practice can improve the latent potential of an ability.
Satoru: Yeah. At least, that's what research has shown.
Kyouhei: Makes sense, though.
Kyouhei: If something like that had been discovered, you know we'd be learning about it in class.
Satoru: Yeah, true. I guess it was pointless to even ask.
Kyouhei: Oh, but I DID hear a few rumors about stuff.
Satoru: About what?
Kyouhei: Well, take it with a grain of salt. They're basically urban legends. Y'know, like a "I heard from a friend of a friend" kinda thing.
Kyouhei: I think the ones I heard were a drug on the black market that gives you powers, watching some weird video or listening to a strange song can activate the brain, and something about a person becoming more powerful the closer they are to death.
Satoru: That last one is straight-up out of Dragonball.
Kyouhei: And ultimately, your powers expand beyond their limits, and they either go haywire and cause all sorts of destruction or your brain fries and you die.
Kyouhei: They all end up with the same effect.
Kyouhei: All I've heard are rumors, though, I've never met anyone who's actually leveled-up their ability through one of those methods. But I guess that'd make sense if you die like the rumors suggest.
Satoru: Yeah, I've also heard about the drug that can turn a person into an Astral.
Satoru: But it was just hearsay, like in your case, so I don't know anything specific about it.
Kyouhei: Yep. Like I said, they're basically just urban legends.
Kyouhei: Oh, we'd better hurry. Bell's about to ring.
Kyouhei: Our next class is an a different room, so we gotta walk there.
Ryuunosuke: "Yeah, there are a number of those 'urban legends' floating around out there."
Ryuunosuke: "We haven't looked into each and every one of them, but most of 'em you can tell are pure nonsense. I probably don't need to tell you that nobody's brain actually got fried."
Ryuunosuke: "Abilities are basically a physiological function for an Astral. Using it may exhaust you, but that's just the same effect as when you study for a long period of time, for instance."
Satoru: Yeah, I figured as much.
Ryuunosuke: "Any other information?"
Satoru: There's the possibility that he simply brought out the latent potential of his ability by bettering his control.
Ryuunosuke: "Hrm. I suppose that's the most realistic explanation we've got right now."
Ryuunosuke: "Okay. I'll put this matter on hold for now."
Ryuunosuke: "There's not enough concern to warrant deeper investigation as things stand, but if you happen to hear any rumors over there, report them to me."
Satoru: Copy that.
Ryuunosuke: "Thanks."
*After ending the call, I walk out to the hallway and knock on Kyouhei's door, one room over.*
Kyouhei: Comiiing.
Kyouhei: Oh, Satoru. You need something?
Satoru: Wanna go check on Sagami?
Kyouhei: Sure thing. I actually just went out and got some stuff for him.
Satoru: Oh, dang. You did that quick.
Kyouhei: Well, I just got some basic stuff. He'd probably feel uncomfortable if I bought a bunch of expensive stuff for him.
Kyouhei: I got some bananas at the local convenience store. I did some web searching, and apparently magnesium helps with migraines.
Satoru: Oh, a healthy option that's cheap too. Good choice.
Kyouhei: Yeah, and if he doesn't like bananas, I can just eat 'em myself.
Kyouhei: You ready to go then?
Satoru: Yeah, but here, let me pay you half for the bananas.
Kyouhei: What? You don't have to do that.
Kyouhei: C'mon, let's go.
Satoru: Is Sagami in dorm three, do you remember?
Kyouhei: Nope, he's dorm two, so we gotta go walk there.
*A few minutes later, we reach his room and promptly knock on the door.*
Kyouhei,Satoru: ......
Satoru: Hmm. He's not answering.
Tesshin: Wait, don't you guys live in dorm three? What're you doing here?
Kyouhei: We just came to visit Sagami.
Satoru: Yeah, but he's not responding.
Tesshin: Yeah, I got the same thing when I tried knocking earlier. He's probably just sleeping or something.
Satoru: Hmm, then we probably don't wanna wake him up.
Kyouhei: Yeah, unfortunately. Wanna just head back then?
Tesshin: I'll check up on him later and tell him you guys swung by.
Kyouhei: Here, give him these bananas. We got them for him.
Tesshin: Sure thing.
Kyouhei: Alright. Catch you later, man.
*Upon arriving back at the dorm, Ayase just happens to walk down.*
Ayase: Are you two going somewhere?
Satoru: No, we just got back.
Kyouhei: Yeah, we went to visit Sagami.
Ayase: Sagami-kun? Oh, right. I saw him in the classroom this morning, but he wasn't there during class.
Satoru: He left 'cause he wasn't feeling well.
Ayase: Oh, really? Is he doing alright now?
Satoru: We didn't get to see him.
Kyouhei: We knocked, but got no reply, so he's probably sleeping.
Kyouhei: But if he is, that's a good sign. It was just a headache, so he'll probably be better in no time.
Satoru: Yeah, headaches are like that. You go to sleep, and when you wake up, they're gone.
Satoru: Plus he's living in a dorm full of other students. He'll be fine.
Kyouhei: Alright, I'm gonna be heading up to my room. You two enjoy yourselves.
Satoru: Wait, Kyouhei, what are--
Kyouhei: Later!
Satoru: ......
*Man, he really didn't have to do that.*
Ayase: Sooo, we're alone... What now?
*She's technically asking a question, but there's a certain amount of playfulness in her tone.*
*I feel like the nuance of her question reads more like "What do you wanna do together?"*
Satoru: You don't have any interview stuff?
Ayase: Nope. I got the day to myself.
Satoru: Sweet. Wanna play games in your room then?
Satoru: Nghh, why's this enemy so damn fast? Gotta find a window after dodging his attacks then pop a health potion...
Ayase: Wow. Have you, like, seriously never played video games before?
Satoru: I seriously haven't. I have zero reason to lie to you about that.
Ayase: Seems kinda crazy. If you don't have any experience, then like, you just have to be a really quick learner or something.
Satoru: You think I'm good at this game? I was dying nonstop earlier 'cause I couldn't get the hang of the controls.
Satoru: I had a hell of a time defeating the very first enemy I came across.
*And thanks to that, I'm still at it even past lights-out time.*
*Well, to be fair, it's more about spending time with Ayase than it is playing this game.*
Ayase: Well, the thing is, this game is so infamous for being hard that it basically spawned a whole genre.
Ayase: I kept dying and dying when I tried playing it, and eventually I got to this point I couldn't get past no matter what.
Satoru: ......
*I have a feeling she's just plain bad at action games.*
Satoru: Do you not get bored watching me play this?
Satoru: With the horror game, at least the story moved at a pretty fast pace, but in this one, it's moving at a snail's pace, it feels like.
Satoru: Or well, I guess it'd be better to say you're just given a lot of freedom and it's up to you to pursue whatever bits and pieces of the vague story you want to.
*It feels amazing when I beat a hard boss, and collecting the pieces of different stories scattered throughout the world is pretty fun too. But I'm the one playing the game...*
Ayase: Hmmm. I guess it is a little more boring. But on the upside, it's not scary!
Satoru: Do you know how long it takes to beat this game?
Ayase: People on the internet said the average playtime is around 30 hours.
Satoru: Man, that's pretty long...
Ayase: Is it? Most big RPGs are that length.
Satoru: So 30 hours is normal for these games?
Ayase: Kinda. Though I feel like they don't make as many big RPGs anymore these days.
Satoru: Oh, close one. Almost died there.
Ayase: You've really gotten good at this.
Satoru: Yeah, the game's surprisingly fun.
Ayase: Oh-ho? Welp, that's good. I'm glad you're actually enjoying yourself.
Satoru: Of course I'm enjoying myself. I love spending time with my girlfriend.
Satoru: Besides, I like being relied on. Even if it's just to help you beat a video game.
Ayase: Boys really have simple minds.
Satoru: Well, that's a positive thing in my mind. Better that than to be hard-to-read.
Ayase: Ahaha, true.
Ayase: And I'm pretty simple too. I'm teeming with joy just from sitting next to you.
Satoru: Don't get me wrong, the game is fun... but honestly, the best part about this is getting to spend time with you, Ayase.
Ayase: That was AWFULLY cheesy.
Ayase: Oh, brother. And somehow the cheesiest line in the book can still make my heart flutter.
Ayase: I'm so hopelessly in love... Agh, screw it all.
Satoru: What's so bad about it?
Ayase: Well, there's an old saying that whoever falls in love loses.
Satoru: I mean, I've fallen for you too, so I'm as much of a loser as you.
Satoru: And if we both lost, that means it's a draw. See?
Ayase: I... guess you have a point. Sure.
*I quickly conclude the matter before it can turn into a debate over who loves the other the most.*
Satoru: You know, honestly, I'd rather play some kind of multiplayer game. That way we can both have fun.
Satoru: Do you not like multiplayer games or something?
Ayase: Well, I don't hate them, per se. It's more that I never had anyone to play with, so all the games I bought were single-player. 
Satoru: Oh... Now I kinda feel bad for asking.
Ayase: DON'T. That would REALLY piss me off.
Ayase: I'm not alone anymore, so none of that matters.
Satoru: Fair enough.
Satoru: Wanna try a co-op mode in something then?
Ayase: Oh, that's not a bad idea!
Ayase: If we're gonna do co-op, we'll probably wanna do a handheld game.
Satoru: Oh, is that the thing you used to watch cat videos?
Ayase: Yep, that's it.
Satoru: Welp, time to learn more controls. So excited.
Ayase: The buttons are basically the same. You're good at this game, so you won't have any problems getting the hang of the controls on the handheld.
Satoru: Hm, really?
Satoru: How many games are on that handheld?
Ayase: Not sure... I did try playing Monster Slayer on it once.
*I've heard that name before. If memory serves me... it's an action game where you go around hunting and slaying monsters.*
Ayase: But it was too hard for me to do solo, so I dropped it.
*Further evidence to support my theory that she isn't good at action games.*
Satoru: Does that Monster Slayer game have a co-op mode?
Ayase: Mhm. I never tried it, but most people play the game for its co-op mode.
Satoru: Sweet. I guess I'll buy one of those handheld devices you have so we can play together.
Satoru: You might enjoy it more than you did playing it solo.
Satoru: Well, still, no guarantees we'll be able to beat the game... You up for it?
Ayase: Sure, why not? Hmm, where did I put the game again...
Satoru: Mind if I turn on the device in the meantime?
Satoru: I wanna check it out a bit.
Ayase: Sure, go ahead. I'm gonna keep searching for the game.
Satoru: Okay, let's see what we have here.
*I pick up the device with both my hands.*
*Now where's the power button? Oh, yeah, gotta be this one here.*
Satoru: Oh, it's on.
*There's no game cartridge inside, though, so I can't play anything at the moment.*
Satoru: Yeah, the buttons are all pretty much the same.
*Actually, there aren't as many rear buttons. Maybe this'll be easier?*
Satoru: Hrm...
Satoru: This thing has internet connection, doesn't it? Can I check that out? I just click on the browser thingy, right?
Ayase: Oh, yeah. Wi-Fi's set to auto-connect. Where is it, where is it... Huh? Over here then, maybe?
Satoru: Oh, yeah. It's connected.
Satoru: Man, your search history is all cat stuff. I'm not even surprised.
Ayase: 'Cause cats are the cutest, most cuddliest things ever! Watching videos of cute kitties soothes my soul. Ahhh, pretty kitties, pretty kitties.
Satoru: I agree they're cute...
*But there are other things in life to enjoy besides just cats...*
Satoru: ......
*"Cute cats," "cats in box," "sorry meow," "cats belly up."*
*They're all pretty straightforward, except for "sorry meow." What is that supposed to mean?*
*In addition to those, there's also "grumpy cat," "how big are penises," "sex," "pain of losing virginity," and "how to pleasure a guy," among other things.*
*Then, below those, I see "tittyfuck for girls with small tits" and "itty bitty tittyfuck." Yeah, it's all just cat--*
Satoru: ......
*I stand corrected. It's not just cat stuff. She's used this device for various other... research purposes.*
Ayase: Oh, there. Found it. Here's the cartridge for Monster--Wait, what's wrong?
Satoru: Man, now I feel bad.
Satoru: Sorry. I didn't know you were so afraid...
Ayase: Hmm? What are you--Ah! Ahhh! Why are you looking at my search history?!
*She swiftly snatches the device from my hands.*
Ayase: Ahhhhhhhhhhh?! It's ALL there! I forgot to erase it!
*She probably just forgot because she usually just uses this to search cat-related stuff.*
*Leaving all her embarrassing searches there for me to see.*
Ayase: Gosh, how did I forget?! I didn't even consider that someone might see my search history!
Ayase: It's not what it looks like, I swear to god! I don't search sex-related stuff 24/7, really!
Satoru: Don't worry, I never assumed you did.
Satoru: Though, I'm kinda curious, how'd you find anything helpful? YouPipe deletes all videos with sexual content.
Ayase: There are videos where girls explain things using personal experience and stuff. But all those girls had tits bigger than mine, so they didn't help at all.
Ayase: Oh god, there's even "itty bitty tittyfuck" on there!
Satoru: Is this what led you to your obsession with giving me a tittyfuck?
Ayase: Yeah, sorry. I thought to myself, small tits or big tits, as long as I got tits, I can pull it off! And you know the rest...
Satoru: Don't apologize. It felt good.
Ayase: Did it REALLY?
Satoru: Of course. Don't you remember how much I came?
Ayase: Urgh, yeah... good point... You shot out a whole river of that stuff.
Ayase: It was thick, and sticky, and smelly... But, for some reason, I wasn't repulsed by it...
Satoru: Trust me, your tittyfuck was wonderful.
Ayase: Okay, I believe you. It's kinda embarrassing to hear that now in a completely normal situation... but it does make me happy.
Ayase: Aghh! I actually got HAPPY from being told I gave a good tittyfuck! God, I'm such a pervert...
Satoru: Honestly, Ayase, it makes me really happy that you're putting so much effort into pleasing me.
Satoru: It's making me fall for you even harder.
Ayase: Show me proof then... Mhh.
*She closes her eyes and tilts her head up.*
*There's no need for me to confirm. I know what she's asking for... A kiss.*
*And I'm not about to make her wait.*
Ayase: Mhh... *kiss* *kiss*... mmh *smooch*...
Satoru: Mhh, Ayase... Mmh.
Ayase: Mh, nmh... mmh, mmmmmh... *kiss* *kiss* *kiss*
*Just the simple mention of her name is enough to make her open her mouth and stick out her tongue.*
*Naturally, I respond in kind.*
Ayase: Mhh *slurp* *kiss*... mh *kiss*... *kiss* *smack* *smooch*... mmmmmh!
*Our tongues intertwine and our saliva mixes in this passionate, lustful display of our affection.*
Ayase: Mhh... mh *slurp* mmmh, mh, *pant* *pant* *pant*
Ayase: Mh *kiss*... *kiss* mhh... mmmmh... *smooch* *smooch*...
*Our tongues interlock with increased vigor.*
Ayase: Ahh... mh *slurp* *slurp*... mhhh *smack* *smack*... *slurp* mmmmmh!
Ayase: Mhh, mh, ahh... *pant* *pant* One more time. Just one more... That's fine with you. Right?
Satoru: Mhh...
Ayase: Mhh *kiss*... *kiss* *kiss*... *smoooooch*
Satoru: Mhh *kiss* *kiss*...
*This is supposed to be our final kiss, yet the intensity of our kissing isn't dying down one bit.*
*Our mouths are covered in saliva, and we continue kissing feverishly until we run out of breath.*
Ayase: Mhh *slurp*... mhhh, ahhh, *pant* *pant* *pant*!
Satoru: *pant* *pant*
Ayase: O-One more. A goodnight kiss this time... pretty please.
Satoru: ......
*Is this ever going to end at this rate?*
*The rational side of my brain wonders that, but the more instinct-driven side ignores it.*
*I seal her lips once more without a moment's delay.*
Ayase: Mhhh! *smooch* Mh, ahh... mhh *kiss* *kiss*...! *pant* *pant* Mh *kiss* *smack*... *kiss* *kiss* *kiss*
Satoru: Mhh, mmh... *kiss* *kiss*
Ayase: Mhh... mhh, ahhhhh, *pant* *pant* *pant*
*We keep continuing, saying one more time... one more time... until eventually, we've kissed five whole times.*
*Man, we really are addicted to these...*
*But finally, we reach a point where we both seem to have calmed down.*
Satoru: Okay, I'm gonna go back to my room now.
Ayase: Mhm. Be careful.
*Guys aren't allowed in the girls' areas during this time.*
*Which means I'll have to take my leave through the window.*
Satoru: Good night, Ayase.
Ayase: Good night, Satoru. See you in the morning.
Satoru: (Not drawing any negative attention means I gotta stop breaking school rules like this.)
Satoru: (I'll be in deep trouble if someone sees me. I gotta avoid doing stuff that runs the risk of people finding out about my identity and my mission.)
*I carefully climb the wall down while thinking on my mistakes.*
*That's when my senses pick up on something.*
Satoru: Hmm?
*I stop moving immediately.*
*Next, I carefully scan the surroundings and prick up my ears.*
Satoru: (Someone's DEFINITELY there. But it doesn't seem to be a security person.)
Satoru: (Then who, though? Who would be out roaming the campus this late at night?)
Satoru: ......
*I'm curious, but I can't let someone see me sticking to the wall of a building.*
*I quickly climb down and jump through my window.*
*Once back inside, I check the outside area again through the gap in my curtains.*
Satoru: ......
*I can't find anyone.*
*It's dead silent and I don't sense that presence anymore.*
Satoru: It can't be a student, so the logical conclusion is it was a teacher...
Satoru: Man, I really gotta start obeying school rules and stop climbing the walls.
*A teacher discovering me doing that would be VERY bad.*
Satoru: And I can't throw on my SFD uniform just 'cause I wanna hang out with my girlfriend.
*I'll have to discuss this with Ayase.*
================================================================================
Satoru: Good morning.
Ayase: Good morning!
Kyouhei: Morning, you two. I see you're coming to school together, eh? Nice to see the couple's getting along.
Satoru: Yeah, everything's going great.
Ayase: Indeed. We're truly enjoying ourselves.
Kyouhei: Urgh... You can't just give straight replies when I make a teasing remark. That takes all the joy out of it.
Kyouhei: What's changed, though? Not saying you two ever seemed distant or anything, but you were never together 24/7 like you are now.
Satoru: What? We aren't together THAT often.
Ayase: I agree. We just decided to come to school together today.
Kyouhei: Yeah, sure. Thanks for the lovey-dovey display. Forgot that couples are always lacking this thing called self-awareness.
Kyouhei: Still, though, this IS the first time you've come to school together in the morning, isn't it? I noticed that, so I was maybe wondering if something happened between you two.
Satoru: Nope, nothing special.
Ayase: We've decided to be open about our relationship from now on, so we figured that there was nothing really preventing us from doing this.
*That's the official version, at least. The truth is, something we discussed yesterday sparked it.*
*Since it's going to be difficult for us to spend much time together during the afternoons and evenings, I figured we could make up for it by going to school together.*
*And apparently Ayase shared my sentiments.*
*We never explicitly discussed it; it was just something that we both decided on naturally.*
Ayase: Ah, we do understand where to draw a line, of course. We'll be attentive during class and won't bother others by acting inordinately affectionate.
Satoru: Right. I don't wanna draw any negative attention by being the typical "annoying couple."
Kyouhei: I'd say you're already drawing PLENTY of negative attention due to the simple fact that you're dating Mitsukasa-san.
Classmate A: Oh, good morning, Mitsukasa-san.
Classmate B: Morning!
Ayase: Good morning to you too.
Kyouhei: Well, if you're gonna go with her, I guess I'll stop inviting you to go with me in the future.
Kyouhei: It's fine. I'll just walk to school all by my lonesome self.
Satoru: C'mon, don't say that. You're gonna make me feel legitimately bad.
Kyouhei: Sorry. Just wallowing in the sorrow of the single life. Don't worry about it.
Satoru: You are not helping!
Kyouhei: Ahaha! C'mon, at least let me gripe some.
Kyouhei: But yeah, I was only joking. I'm not trying to make you feel bad for having a girlfriend.
Tesshin: Yo, guys! Good morning.
Satoru: Morning.
Kyouhei: Morning!
Tesshin: Whatcha talking about?
Satoru: Nothing important.
Satoru: I don't see Sagami with you. Is he still struggling with that headache?
Tesshin: Yeah, about that.
Hazuki: Are you talking about Sagami? I've heard he's been admitted to the hospital.
Satoru: He has?
Hazuki: Yes. It technically is unrelated to dorm three, but Kakimoto-sensei also went ahead and informed me. 
Tesshin: I heard the same thing. Nobody'd been able to get him out of his room and it was getting real late.
Tesshin: So people got worried, naturally, and got Kakimoto-sensei to come open the door...
Satoru: So it was some sort of disease or something, and that's why they took him to the hospital? Man, I hope it's not a brain injury...
Hazuki: I wasn't given any of the details of the situation. Though that's somewhat to be expected.
Tesshin: I was told they were gonna do a thorough check-up on him there.
Tesshin: Like, it's some hospital with a specialist? And they have medical equipment we don't have here, apparently.
Hazuki: Oh goodness, that sounds quite serious...
Satoru: Kakimoto-sensei didn't mention any of that when we talked to her yesterday...
Tesshin: I don't know too much about it, but apparently it was pretty sudden.
Hazuki: I suppose it might be a good idea to organize a visit to see him.
Tesshin: Nah, I don't think we need to. I doubt he's gonna be there long anyways.
Satoru: Well, wouldn't you feel lonely if you were in the hospital and none of your friends came to see you? Assuming they could, of course...
Satoru: Do you know if he's at Washizu Central Hospital?
Tesshin: I dunno.
Hazuki: Neither do I.
Kyouhei: Guess we'll just have to ask Kakimoto-sensei then.
Kaori: To be quite frank, I don't know much of it either.
Kaori: I've heard everything I know about it from others.
Kaori: If I'm not mistaken, the hospital he was taken to is a large, university-affiliated hospital somewhere in Tokyo.
Satoru: Yeah, I don't know if we'll be able to visit him. That's pretty far away.
Hazuki: At least, not on normal weekdays. It would be quite difficult to make it back before curfew.
Kyouhei: Plus it'd be expensive.
Kaori: I understand that you're worried, but he will be fine.
Kaori: His hospitalization is only for examination purposes, from what I'm told. I doubt they're going to check every inch of his body, so he should be back within the week.
Tesshin: But wouldn't he be there 'cause his symptoms got worse?
Kaori: So you'd think, yes, but supposedly that wasn't the reason for his admittance.
Satoru: Oh, it's not?
Kaori: Sagami-kun himself wasn't the one to initially request this.
Kaori: There happens to be a certain physician who's doing medical research related to headaches, and he was supposedly looking for a patient with an astral ability...
Hazuki: So Sagami-kun agreed to cooperate with this physician, you're saying?
Kaori: Yes. We explained everything to him, upon which he gave his okay and headed off to the hospital himself.
Hazuki: This was negotiated through the school then?
Kaori: Essentially, yes. It's nothing more than a simple examination, no dangers involved, so he readily agreed, or so I've heard.
Tesshin: Makes sense to me. He was probably like "Nice, lucky me. I'll get to skip school for a few days."
Kyouhei: That sounds more like you, honestly.
Tesshin: Well, I'd definitely do what he did if I was in his shoes... but I don't got a migraine.
Satoru: Have you been involved in this research on headaches in Astrals for a while now, Kakimoto-sensei?
Kaori: No. As I previously mentioned, I was not a part of the proceedings for this.
Kaori: The physician researching this and the principal are acquaintances, so he came to him asking for assistance.
Kaori: Actually, as far as I know, it was the principal himself who made the offer to Sagami-kun.
Satoru: Oh, really?
Satoru: The principal must have a lot of connections.
Kaori: Naturally. I've heard that he contributed in large part to the creation of this school.
Kaori: Without him, this school may not have existed... Or at least, not gotten up and running as quickly as it did.
Kaori: Either way, I doubt there's any cause for concern, but if you still wish to go to Tokyo and visit him, I can get the necessary information for you.
Hazuki: Thank you for the offer, but we'll be quite alright. We'll do that ourselves if needed.
Kaori: Understood. Well, I need to be going now. See you all later.
Hazuki: Thank you for taking the time to tell us all of this.
Satoru: Good thing it's nothing serious.
Hazuki: Indeed.
Tesshin: Yeah, but don't you think he could've told us somethin' before he went and disappeared to Tokyo?
Tesshin: Made me get all worried over nothing.
Hazuki: I agree completely.
Tesshin: I mean, none of us had a damn clue what was going on till Kakimoto-sensei told us.
Tesshin: I thought the guy might've gotten into some serious accident or somethin'.
Satoru: ......
*He brought up a good point. It definitely IS weird that he didn't tell us.*
*To be honest, it's kind of bugging me.*
*Astral ability research is still in its infancy, so it makes sense that people like this physician would be looking to test out everything they can.*
*But it's just way too sudden.*
*We're supposed to believe he just got the offer, said yes to it, and went all the way to Tokyo without telling anyone anything in between? And apparently not even Kakimoto-sensei knows much about what's going on.*
Hazuki: Come now, we need to return to the classroom before our next class starts.
Satoru: ......
*Nah, I'm just overthinking things. It's a bad habit of mine.*
*I guess you could call it a symptom of working in this line of work...*
*If something seems unnatural to me, I become hyper-focused on it.*
*Most of the time I've gotten this feeling it's turned out to be mere coincidence, or there were some special circumstances at play.*
*This instance is probably the same.*
*But I just can't stop thinking about it...*
*I don't want to make a huge deal out of it, but I should bring it up to Dad, just in case.*
Kyouhei: Ahhh! Finally lunch break! I'm freaking famished.
Hazuki: *giggle* Always starving for food, aren't you?
Kyouhei: Hey, Satoru, let's go--Oh, right. I guess you're gonna be eating with your girlfriend.
Kyouhei: Sorry 'bout that! Don't mind me!
Satoru: Man, you don't have to rub it in my face.
Kyouhei: Ahaha! Sorry, I guess I was being a little too on the nose there. I'll stop taking digs at you.
Kyouhei: Are you eating with her, though?
Satoru: No, actually. She has something she needs to discuss with the principal, so I was just gonna eat at dorm three.
Satoru: You're more than welcome to join me.
Kyouhei: Sweet. I'm ready to go if you are.
Kyouhei: Mhhh! This is the stuff! This crispy batter is to DIE for, I'm telling you!
Satoru: Every time we come here I can't help but be amazed. How do you EAT that much?
Kyouhei: I'm growing, man. You know what they say, growing boys need to eat a lot.
Satoru: It's funny--watching you eat is almost interesting, in a way.
Kyouhei: Is that an insult?
Satoru: No, it's just an observation.
Kyouhei: 'Kay.
*We continue to munch away at the mountains of food on our plates.*
*Suddenly, however, I hear a noise from my phone alerting me that I have a new message.*
Kyouhei: Hm? Who's texting you? Lemme guess, a love-filled message from your girlfriend?
Satoru: Wow, you said you were gonna stop taking digs at me.
Kyouhei: I'm not trying to tease you or anything, I'm just curious.
Kyouhei: Don't worry about me. Go ahead and talk to her if you need to.
Satoru: Thanks, but nah. It's not Ayase; it's my dad.
Kyouhei: Oh, your dad? I think I saw you talking to him at the Expo Fair.
Kyouhei: Come to think of it, I don't think I ever asked; what does your dad do for a living?
Satoru: He works for a cleaning company. I think he's like a department chief or manager or something like that.
*I slide my phone back into my pocket as I respond.*
Kyouhei: Aren't you gonna reply?
Satoru: Nah, it's nothing important.
Satoru: Gotta focus on finishing lunch first.
Kyouhei: True. We wanna eat it while it's still nice and hot!
Kyouhei: Thank you!
Canteen Lady: You're welcome!
Kyouhei: Alrighty.
Satoru: Oh, sorry. I just remembered something I forgot in my room, so I'm gonna go fetch it.
Kyouhei: Want me to wait for you?
Satoru: Nah, you don't have to. Weren't you wanting to go buy a snack?
Kyouhei: Man, you know me, ahaha. Alright, I'll catch you in class!
Satoru: Yeah.
*Okay...*
Ryuunosuke: "This classmate of yours--Sagami-kun, you said his name was?"
Satoru: Yeah. Sagami Taishi.
Ryuunosuke: "And you want me to look into his whereabouts?"
Satoru: Yeah. Sorry, I know it's not work-related.
Ryuunosuke: "Well, all I gotta do is check if there's a patient with that name. Nothing hard."
Ryuunosuke: "If you think something seems off, it's worth looking into, at least. You also said he was an Astral, if I remember correctly."
Ryuunosuke: "So it DOES concern us, in a way."
Satoru: Thank you.
Ryuunosuke: "So do you know the name of this hospital?"
Satoru: Err, no. Only the principal knows the exact name. All I know is it's in Tokyo and affiliated with some university.
Satoru: I thought it might come off as suspicious if I seemed interested in every little detail, so I didn't ask about it.
Ryuunosuke: "Are you serious? I mean, it's not impossible for us to with no name, but it sure as hell won't be easy. Investing that much energy and resources isn't worth it for us as it currently stand."
Satoru: So I guess I need to get the name from the principal?
Ryuunosuke: "Yeah, but if you just waltz up to him out of the blue and ask for it he'll know something's up."
Satoru: Right.
Satoru: Honestly, I'm pretty sure I'm just overthinking this. It's a bad habit.
Ryuunosuke: "It might be a mere hunch, sure, but that doesn't change that you're trying to find answers for these suspicions."
Ryuunosuke: "Proceeding with caution isn't a bad thing in these situations."
Ryuunosuke: "Hmm. How about we check the AIMS database? If he was taken to a hospital, the name might be in there."
Satoru: Is it updated that frequently?
Ryuunosuke: "Remember, the AIMS database was initially set up in order to monitor Astrals."
Ryuunosuke: "Chances are they're gonna want to update it when a person's current location changes."
Ryuunosuke: "There's also something else I want you to check for me. Look for a 'Horikawa Toshiyuki' in the database."
Satoru: Another incident?
Ryuunosuke: "Yeah. He's the apportation user you captured."
Satoru: What's happened with him?
Ryuunosuke: "He was being kept at a police department, but he disappeared."
Satoru: What?! Did he escape with his ability?!
Ryuunosuke: "No, we've already ruled out the possibility of an escape."
Ryuunosuke: "We don't know why, but virtually all information pertaining to the incident is being concealed. The officers from the department probably don't know more than we do."
Satoru: What the hell is going on here...
Ryuunosuke: "Someone must've pulled some strings, that's what."
Ryuunosuke: "It's not too likely that the AIMS database got updated with some sort of information, but it's worth a shot."
Satoru: Got it. We'll look into it.
Ryuunosuke: "Thanks. Talk to you later."
Satoru: So how's the security looking?
Nanami: All good. Nothing's really been updated or changed, so I'm ready to go whenever you are.
Satoru: Alright.
Satoru: Sorry for dragging you into this, by the way.
Nanami: Don't be. It struck me as a little odd when you explained it to me too.
Nanami: And it's important to not overlook anything, no matter how small it may seem.
Satoru: Thanks, Nanami.
Satoru: Alright, let's do this.
*A few minutes later and we've successfully snuck into Mayu-senpai's lab.*
*Nanami, not wasting a moment, immediately goes to the computer and pulls up the AIMS database.*
Nanami: Sagami Taishi... Sagami Taishi... Found it. This is him, right?
Satoru: Yeah.
Satoru: So is the name of the hospital name listed?
Nanami: Wait, what? Why does it say he's...
Satoru: Nanami?
Nanami: This makes no sense...
Satoru: Oh, well. I guess information isn't updated for short-term hospitalizations.
Nanami: No, just look!
Nanami: It says he's missing!
Satoru: What the--?! How is he missing?!
Nanami: I don't know either! But that's what it says...
Satoru: Anything else? There's not, like, a backup of previous versions, is there?
Satoru: Maybe the hospital name was there before he went missing?
Nanami: Let me check.
Nanami: What? Why isn't it working... I can't revert to previous versions!
Satoru: Is that normal, do you know?
Nanami: No, it's not normal at all. There'd be no point in the backups being listed if that was the case.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: What about Horikawa Toshiyuki?
Nanami: Let's see... He's also missing.
Satoru: Coincidence? No, that's doubtful. So where does that leave us... Could some outsider have tampered with the files?
Nanami: Ah!
Satoru: What is it? You found something?
Nanami: Ah, sorry. I didn't, but I had an idea.
Nanami: You wouldn't happen to remember the names of those two individuals we looked into that one time, would you?
Satoru: Yeah. Kamakura Hisato and Asukai Kanna.
*Nanami immediately looks up something on her tablet with deft movements.*
*A few moments later, her hands stop and she stares at the screen wide-eyed.*
Nanami: No way... It's the same deal.
Satoru: What'd you see?!
Nanami: I can't access earlier versions of the files of those two either.
Nanami: However, in their cases, it could technically be because so much time has passed since their entries were last updated... but still...
Nanami: Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Yeah?
Nanami: I think I mentioned it when we first snuck in here: the security in the AIMS database was way weaker than I expected.
Satoru: What about it?
Nanami: Initially I figured they were just taking for granted the fact that it's an isolated network...
Nanami: But it might actually be that way on purpose.
Satoru: On purpose? But why? Who would purposefully install weak security measures in a database full of critically valuable information?
Nanami: It makes it easy for unauthorized parties like us to access it and tamper with the information without anyone noticing.
Satoru: Hold on a sec.
Satoru: Are you telling me the database was designed with the expectation and HOPE that things like this would happen?
Nanami: I can't tell if that was the plan from the start.
Nanami: I mean, it's still very plausible that the designers were just overconfident, like I mentioned a second ago.
Satoru: But at the very least, we know we're dealing with someone who has the ability to alter the information contained within this database.
Nanami: Yeah, that'd be the logical conclusion. None of this would add up otherwise.
Satoru: ......
*This computer is far from the only access point to the database.*
*But we should still assume that the number of people with official access is limited.*
*In which case, we should be able to narrow it down...*
*No, wait a moment.*
*What exactly were the points that raised my suspicions initially?*
*It was the fact that his hospitalization seemed way too sudden. That, and the fact that--*
*Only the principal knew what exactly was going on.*
Satoru: No way...
*Our current theory is that an anti-astron group is behind the recent string of disappearances.*
*But if we were looking in the wrong direction? What if the principal and this school are actually the ones behind them?*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Does it give you any sort of information on who changed the files? Like, a name or any access point identification?
Nanami: Well... No, unfortunately not.
Satoru: Man...
Satoru: Anything else that might help us?
Nanami: Umm, nothing that I can see... Sorry.
Satoru: Don't apologize, it's not your fault. All we have at the moment is circumstantial evidence. Let's pull out for today.
*First things first, I have to report this to Dad.*
Ryuunosuke: "You're sure of this?!"
Satoru: No, we're not certain just yet... Everything we just reported to you is a hypothesis we arrived at by connecting the dots left by the circumstantial evidence.
Nanami: Something is definitely amiss, though.
Nanami: Someone had to have specifically gone in and messed with the backup files.
Ryuunosuke: "Alright."
Satoru: We definitely can't overlook this.
Ryuunosuke: "I agree, but there aren't any substantial leads we can work off of. For the time being, I'll look into what the anti-astron fellows have been up to once more."
Ryuunosuke: "In the meantime, see if you can get me some concrete, physical evidence. Anything works, no matter how small."
Satoru: Yeah, we should discuss how to proceed from here.
Ryuunosuke: "Assuming Sagami Taishi is not in a hospital, we need to first find clues regarding where he was instead taken."
Satoru: Should I search his room?
Ryuunosuke: "Hrmm. No, I have something instead I want Levy Nine to do. Sorry to pile on more work after you just finished with this."
Nanami: Huh? Me?
Ryuunosuke: "I want you to check the security cameras for me."
Ryuunosuke: "Be on the lookout for any missing footage, or ideally, if any of the cameras captured Sagami Taishi leaving the campus."
Ryuunosuke: "We need to get that out of the way before we do anything else."
Satoru: Oh! If the principal really is involved with the disappearing Astrals, there's a chance Sagami could still be somewhere here.
*The school's campus has many more facilities besides just the educational ones.*
*The research center is a prime example.*
*In fact, most students aren't even allowed entry to it.*
*But most importantly, this campus is under his supervision.*
*It'd be easier and safer to hide people here as opposed to taking them somewhere outside.*
Nanami: Got it. I'll see what I can find.
Ryuunosuke: "And Levy Six, your job is to assist Levy Nine with anything that she needs."
Satoru: Roger that.
Satoru: There's one thing I'm curious about.
Ryuunosuke: "What's that?"
Satoru: This secret organization of the anti-astron group was who we initially thought was behind the disappearances.
Satoru: What's the situation there?
Ryuunosuke: "They've already been put under heavy surveillance. The only ones who can operate freely are the few that managed to escape, but really, there's only one of them left at this point."
Ryuunosuke: "I highly doubt they're involved in this case, but I'll speed up the investigations just in case."
Satoru: Okay, thanks.
*After ending the call, Nanami and I immediately head back to the school building.*
*We probably won't get much sleep tonight, but this isn't the time to be worrying about that.*
*This situation could end up being much more serious than we thought.*
================================================================================
*For months we'd been trying to get to the bottom of the string of disappearing Astrals.*
*The principal and Ayase, on the other hand, had been searching for the culprit behind the control-loss incidents.*
*Through the apprehension of Kakimoto Kaori, both cases have been resolved.*
*But that was far from the last of our problems.*
*Numerous security personnel and teachers rushed over upon hearing the explosions. Among them were also a few researchers.*
*I would've preferred to conceal myself and escape... but given how much I pushed myself, my whole body was being tormented by a hellish pain.*
*In that state, I couldn't possibly muster up the necessary willpower to take flight... Not even if I'd wanted to.*
*The effects of the drug hadn't worn off yet.*
*Nanami's ability boosts the body's natural healing abilities, which meant there was a risk that it'd amplify the effects of the drug.*
*That being the case, I was constantly in a state of extreme tension. I had to keep returning my brain to normal after it'd go haywire for almost seven hours after we defeated Kakimoto.*
*Needless to say, I didn't have the time nor the energy to do any sort of explaining. I didn't even have the mental capacity to think up an excuse, so I didn't bother wasting my time.*
*That being said, I WAS able to conceal my identity.*
*I pretended to be an innocent victim, keeled over on the ground as I left all the explaining to the principal.*
Satoru: (He has as much to lose as I do from the truth coming out.)
*Just as I expected, the principal explained everything away after he regained consciousness.*
*His story was that an accident occurred during the testing of astral technology that Kakimoto-sensei was developing. That's what caused the explosions.*
*Ayase and I were helping her test it and that's why we were caught up in the accident.*
*It was a rather crude explanation... but if all the involved parties attest to it, everyone has no choice but to accept it as the truth.*
*And above, the principal's word carries a certain weight to it, him being this academy's representative. Nobody would dare question him.*
*In any case, the whole incident was safely brushed under the rug.*
*After the effects of the drug finally wore off, Nanami patched up my injuries.*
*Even after that, my body still demanded further rest. I ended up staying in bed for two whole days.*
*When I woke up, I found Ayase by my side. She apologized profusely.*
*She confessed that she wasn't truly an Astral and felt awful for having to lie to me about it.*
*But I didn't find fault with her for that. After all, I did the same.*
*I told her I came to this academy to protect her and only compounded more and more lies on top of that over the course of our time together. Even now, I still haven't told her the whole truth.*
*Knowing that, it just wouldn't feel right for me to reproach her with some sort of "holier than thou" attitude.*
*Besides... I know full-well that she didn't lie to me with any ulterior motives in mind.*
*She was stuck in a situation where she didn't know who was friend and who was foe.*
*Even so, she chose to trust me. And I greatly appreciated that.*
*For that reason, a simple apology was more than enough.*
*There was someone else who needed to answer for themselves anyways.*
Atsunori: With regards to the explosions, it should be perfectly possible to cover them up as a mere testing accident.
Atsunori: The perpetrator behind the control-loss incidents has been caught. With that, no Astrals should lose control of their abilities again.
Atsunori: What still concerns me, however, is the possibility that she might have accomplices...
Nanami: You don't need to worry about that, actually.
Satoru: We've already captured all the other members of her organization.
Atsunori: Ah, I see. That's a relief to hear.
Atsunori: So, what do you want to know? I assume you have more than a few questions.
Satoru: Everything, if you don't mind.
Satoru: I know you didn't technically lie to us, but you very clearly weren't giving us the whole story.
Satoru: Could you now tell us everything you withheld from us then?
Atsunori: This all began with Kotori.
Atsunori: Her mother harbored a resentment towards Astrals. Kotori being an Astral meant that, naturally, that resentment was also directed towards her.
Atsunori: It never escalated to the level of actual abuse... but children are very perceptive. They can tell when a person looks at them differently.
Atsunori: That was why I wanted to create a place for her to belong. I wanted to create a world where society was more tolerant of Astrals, even if only slightly.
Nanami: Is that why you established this academy?
Atsunori: It was certainly largely in part for Kotori, but it was undoubtedly for all other Astrals as well.
Atsunori: Kotori must've thought that she had to do her part too, and willingly decided to participate in experiments that were conducted in the research center.
Satoru: Experiments?
Atsunori: I know what you're thinking, but no, these weren't the kind of unethical human experiments you'd expect hearing the word.
Atsunori: They were all perfectly humane. And because of those numerous experiments, I had a fairly good grasp on what her power output and limits were.
Atsunori: So when she suddenly lost control on that fateful day, I refused to believe it was the result of some natural occurrence. I dug deep into it, looking for answers.
Satoru: So you were fairly certain there was someone behind it?
Atsunori: Right, but the problem was who. I initially surmised that it was more than likely someone working at this academy, more specifically, in the research center.
Atsunori: But that was as far as I ever got.
Nanami: Which is why you were very secretive about the whole thing, hoping the perpetrator would eventually slip up and reveal themselves.
Atsunori: Yes, while capturing all the Astrals who fell victim.
Satoru: So where does Ayase fit into all of this?
Atsunori: Ayase is, well... my daughter. Kotori's younger sister, in other words. They have different mothers, though.
Atsunori: I initially married Kotori's mother because of family ties... but as we both grew older, we began to realize that we simply weren't compatible.
Atsunori: I hated for Kotori to have to grow up in this sort of household, but we knew living apart from one another was for the best. We'd discussed divorce in length, made all the arrangements so that the only step left was to submit the papers.
Atsunori: Initially, the plan was for Kotori to live with her mother... but that changed when she suddenly became an Astral.
Atsunori: I couldn't bear the thought of leaving her alone with someone who harbored such a deep-rooted prejudice towards them, so I was forced to reconsider the divorce.
Satoru: So where does Ayase come in?
Atsunori: I had an affair with another woman after we'd been living apart for some time, but before the divorce went through. Ayase is her child.
Atsunori: I felt horrible for forcing Ayase to grow up in a situation like that.
Atsunori: I told Kotori the whole truth. I was planning to divorce her mother, and that I'd had an affair with another woman.
Atsunori: Also, that she now had a younger sister. Likewise, I also told all of this to Ayase.
Atsunori: The two girls each told me that they wanted to meet their new sister. After giving it careful consideration, I decided to allow it.
Atsunori: Things were a little bit stiff between them at first, but they quickly grew very close, to the point where it seemed hard to consider that they weren't biological sisters.
Atsunori: They eventually became such close friends that they no longer required me in order to communicate with each other. They talked often, and even shared secrets with one another.
Satoru: What sort of secrets?
Atsunori: Pertaining to the research Kotori was assisting with.
Satoru: So that drug that can manifest an ability in a non-Astral...
Satoru: Is it really safe? I mean, generation of energy beyond one's inherent limit was what supposedly caused those "frenzied states" from Kakimoto's drug...
Satoru: Does it really have no negative repercussions on Ayase's body?
Atsunori: While it may give a person access to an astral ability, it in no way involves them linking with astrons.
Atsunori: It had nothing in part to do with Kakimoto Kaori's research.
Satoru: How does it work then?
Atsunori: When the level of interaction between astrons and the brain surpasses a certain threshold, it results in a phenomenon we call "linking." However, even when below that threshold, everyone is always interacting with astrons to a certain extent.
Satoru: Yeah, that came up in class.
Atsunori: A very minuscule amount of energy is emitted through that. It's so weak that normally it has no noticeable effect.
Atsunori: However, as they say, many a little makes a mickle. Even the tiniest amount of energy can turn incredibly potent if you accumulate it.
Satoru: So, if I'm understanding this right, the person activates their ability not through their own energy, but through accruing energy from the surrounding people.
Satoru: That honestly blows my mind. I never considered doing something like that.
*Even when you're working for a secret organization, it turns out there's a lot of stuff out there that you don't know about.*
*I never would've imagined a drug like that had already been tested and made ready for use...*
Atsunori: Its safety had been proven numerous times and we'd reached a stage where it was mostly ready for public consumption.
Atsunori: The only concern was how society would react to it. At the time, public sentiment towards Astrals was less favorable than it is now, so we decided to err on the side of caution.
Atsunori: But that decision... cost us dearly.
Satoru: What was the intent behind the control-loss then?
Atsunori: I assume it was all an elaborate plot by people who were opposed to astral technology becoming readily available and incorporated into modern society.
Atsunori: Kotori was merely... an innocent victim.
Satoru: Widespread disaster at the hands of an Astral...
Satoru: And they wanted the public to know this wasn't just a case of bad apples; it was a risk associated with all Astrals and all astral technology in general.
Atsunori: We succeeded in forcibly subduing the rampage... but removing the root cause--the effects of the drug itself--wasn't possible, so our only option was to put her to sleep.
Atsunori: Even despite that, the damage was massive.
Satoru: So Ayase... took that drug in order to reduce the damage as much as she could?
Atsunori: Yes. The enemy was right in our midst, we knew that. But since we had no method of finding them, we couldn't reveal any new cards.
Atsunori: While I was wracking my brains over what to do, Ayase brought forth a suggestion.
Satoru: To use her as a bait to lure out the person?
Satoru: And since she's not an Astral, there'd be no worry of her ability going crazy and causing another disaster.
Atsunori: I realize this is nothing more than an excuse... but I objected to the plan. Ayase, however, insisted upon it.
Atsunori: "I want to bring Kotori back." "I want to turn this world into a place where Kotori can live happily upon waking up."
Atsunori: "I don't want anyone to have to go through what she did ever again."
Satoru: And... you purposefully set her up to be the perfect target so the enemy wouldn't be able to resist.
Atsunori: Yes. And that concludes everything.
Satoru: ......
Atsunori: Let me add one more thing, though. Ayase was never made aware that others besides Kotori had incurred a loss of their abilities.
Atsunori: Everything she did she was doing for her sister. You can rest assured that she wasn't involved in capturing those Astrals in any capacity.
Satoru: I know.
Atsunori: I'm fully aware of my wrongdoings.
Atsunori: If you wish to apprehend me, I won't resist. If necessary, I'll also turn myself in willingly.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Even if it was artificially induced through a drug, we still can't go public with the control-loss stuff.
Satoru: The same goes for the police. All information will have to be regulated and concealed.
Atsunori: So going to the police of my own accord would only serve to unnecessarily complicate the situation.
Atsunori: But bearing no consequence for my actions wouldn't quite sit well with me. I deserve to be punished in some way.
Nanami: You should focus on developing the cure. The most important thing you can do right now is help the victims recover as soon as possible.
Nanami: If something were to happen to you, I'm pretty sure that would delay that significantly, wouldn't it?
Satoru: That's what we want from you the most, sir.
Atsunori: Alright.
Satoru: On that note, what's the progress on the cure like?
Atsunori: Well, unfortunately, Kakimoto Kaori erased all data on her computer along with her research documents. It's not going to be as easy as I'd hoped.
Atsunori: Now that she's been captured, we will be able to invest more resources towards it... but we still won't be able to put all of our researchers on it.
Atsunori: It might have been artificial, but we still need to hand pick those who get involved to make sure the incident is kept a secret.
Nanami: Right...
Atsunori: But hope is still alive. There's no reason for us to give up.
Satoru: Actually, I have something that you might find helpful.
Atsunori: Hm?
*I hold out a stack of paper to him.*
*He takes them with a puzzled expression on his face. After glancing over it for a second or two...*
Atsunori: Th-This is--?!
*He shouts out in astonishment, wide-eyed.*
Atsunori: This is a research paper on the control-loss phenomenon! How did you get your hands on this?
Atsunori: Was your organization perhaps researching this as well?
Satoru: No. We had no idea about it until we came to this academy.
Atsunori: Then how? It's so specifically detailed too... There's no way someone could have figured all this out in such a short span of time.
Atsunori: Who gave you this paper?!
Satoru: I don't want to raise any suspicions, so I'll just be honest. That paper was written by Kakimoto Kaori herself.
Atsunori: Impossible! She erased all traces of her research!
Satoru: I can't disclose how exactly I got my hands on it, but I can say that it is a paper written by Kakimoto Kaori that I obtained before she began disposing of everything.
*It's not the original, though.*
*After reading it that one time, I stored everything in memory. I used that to type everything out, word for word, and then printed it.*
Satoru: Unfortunately, though, I have no way of verifying if everything written in that paper is factually correct.
Atsunori: That's more than fine. It might be necessary for us to validate its contents in some way... but either way, I highly doubt everything written in here is false.
Atsunori: Any hint or clue concerning the control-loss phenomenon, no matter how small, will be a great asset towards the development of a cure.
Satoru: And also this here...
Atsunori: Hm?
Satoru: I figure having an actual sample of the drug itself will also help.
Atsunori: A sample, you said? Well... it would certainly help, but won't this create problems? I do believe some organization showed up to retrieve all the remaining drugs.
Satoru: It's just simple medicine that helps with anemia. Kakimoto Kaori gave it to me when I was suffering from it a while back.
Satoru: It was still lying in my room, but I no longer have any need for it. Would you mind disposing of it for me?
Atsunori: Alright.
Atsunori: Thank you so much... This will help us immensely...
Atsunori: You also have my thanks, Arihara Nanami.
Nanami: Ahh?! Me?
Atsunori: We were only able to arrive in time because you trusted us enough to come to us for help.
Atsunori: You also healed my wounds, did you not?
Nanami: Oh no, I should be the one to thank you.
Nanami: I have no combat capabilities, so there wasn't much I could've done on my own...
Atsunori: Thanks to both of your efforts... finally... the end is finally within reach.
Atsunori: I'll be able to... see Kotori again...
*His hands are visibly shaking as he holds the papers.*
Atsunori: Sorry, but do you mind if I leave right now to take these over to the research center?
Satoru: No, go right ahead. I have no further questions.
Atsunori: Alright. I'll excuse myself then.
Atsunori: I'm assuming you still haven't fully recovered from the effects of the drug. Make sure to get plenty of rest.
Satoru: Thank you. I will.
Atsunori: ......
Atsunori: Once again, Arihara-kun, thank you. Thank you SO very much.
Satoru: You're welcome. I hope you find the cure soon.
Atsunori: We'll do everything we can.
Satoru: ......
*This is it... It's all over now.*
*It all began with that attack on Ayase where she and I both accidentally learned each other's secret.*
*As it turns out, Kakimoto Kaori was already having Ayase intake the control-loss drug at that point in time.*
*However, she noticed no change in Ayase whatsoever, and wanted to test certain hypothesis in order to find the issue and perfect the drug.*
*But what she didn't account for was my interference.*
*Following that incident--or from what I hear, even before that, her organization had been standing on shaky ground.*
*They were formed with the goal of achieving astron regulation, but weren't showing any results, and the drug also wasn't where they wanted it.*
*To make matters worse, a number of their members were captured because of that incident.*
*It was a massive blunder on the anti-astral faction's account that allowed their political opponents to gain dirt on them.*
*In a panicked attempt to make up for their failure, they decided to make their next move at the Astral Expo Fair.*
*But their plans were once again thwarted due to the SFD.*
*And not only that.*
*The whole organization was subsequently busted, leaving them with no way out.*
*That served as the underlying reason behind Kakimoto Kaori's final act of desperation in the hopes that she'd be able to make Ayase's powers wreak havoc.*
*However, those plans were foiled yet again... bringing about a peaceful conclusion to this episode.*
Satoru: Not quite.
*The victims of the control-loss drug haven't recovered yet. They're all still stuck in an artificial comatose state.*
*It's hard to really say the situation has been completely resolved... but from here on out, there's nothing that we, the SFD, can do.*
*We'll just have to place our hopes in the researchers working diligently to find a cure.*
*And as for how exactly the principal will be punished... that'll probably be up to Dad--or rather, the higher ups.*
*But Dad says he doesn't expect it to be anything severe.*
Ryuunosuke: "It's just like you said. We dug a bit into the missing people and there were records of all of them getting a medical checkup at the Washizu General Hospital."
Ryuunosuke: "Through additional investigation, we also identified everyone involved. There's nothing left to worry about. That drug won't ever be used again."
Satoru: Phew... That's a relief.
Satoru: So do you know what'll happen to the principal?
Ryuunosuke: "Well, this isn't exactly your typical scandal."
Ryuunosuke: "If the truth about what happened came out, it would be a huge problem for the pro-astron factions that hold the majority."
Ryuunosuke: "It'd be a different story if the control-loss was something that could theoretically occur naturally, but it was all artificially induced. They don't want to risk anything by making it public."
Satoru: Understandable...
Satoru: What's going to be done about all the victims when they eventually wake up?
Ryuunosuke: "Good question. We obviously can't just tell them the truth. Kikka Academy's continued existence would be put in jeopardy then."
Ryuunosuke: "However, claiming they were abducted by spirits sure isn't gonna fly in this day and age."
Ryuunosuke: "Which leaves us with, hmm. Maybe a kidnapping by some terrorist group? Nah, that'd cause too much of a stir..."
Ryuunosuke: "They were brought to a hospital with no form of identification... It's stretching it a bit, but it would work, I suppose?"
Ryuunosuke: "Well, it's nothing you gotta worry about. Covering things up is the SFD's responsibility. We'll figure something out."
Ryuunosuke: "On that note, I have another mission for you."
Satoru: ......
Ryuunosuke: "What's wrong? You don't seem glad. Aren't you gonna say something?"
Satoru: Don't you think you're working me a little too hard? I'm not even fully recovered yet...
Ryuunosuke: "You chose this job yourself. Sorry, but you don't get to complain this late in the game."
Satoru: I realize that, but still...
Ryuunosuke: "Man... I guess you've become a complainer now."
Satoru: Why do you sound like you're happy about that?
Ryuunosuke: "You've always been an obedient little worker drone who wholly devotes himself to his missions. This is the first time I've heard you complain about something."
Ryuunosuke: "I'm just glad you've something else in life to care about besides work."
Satoru: ......
Satoru: So what's that new mission?
Ryuunosuke: "Monitoring Ise Atsunori."
Ryuunosuke: "He doesn't need to be under surveillance around-the-clock, but try to keep him on a leash."
Satoru: To prevent something like this from ever happening again, I guess...
Satoru: So am I supposed to make him turn in reports concerning the research?
Ryuunosuke: "That will be part of it, yes, but it'll have to go beyond that."
Ryuunosuke: "After all, Kakimoto Kaori was developing a drug in secret for years without anyone finding out."
Ryuunosuke: "Keeping tabs on all the active research projects going on at the academy is also going to be part of your mission going forward."
Satoru: Alright. I'll discuss it with Levy Nine and come up with a plan.
Ryuunosuke: "Good."
Ryuunosuke: "You did an outstanding job this time around, really. You said you still haven't recovered from the effects of the drug and ability overuse?"
Ryuunosuke: "I won't have you do any real work for the time being. Focus on getting your body back to shape."
Satoru: Thank you.
*After getting the report out of the way, I slept for the entire day.*
*And as I was lying there in my bed, I began to think.*
*About Kakimoto Kaori.*
Satoru: It's been a damn long time since someone ever looked at me the way she did...
*I can still vividly recall that twisted smile, filled with hatred and bloodlust.*
*Obviously, not many people have ever looked at me with the intent to kill me before.*
*Negative feelings in general, however, I have a wealth of experience with, especially during my childhood.*
*Looks of scorn and disgust simply because of the fact that I was an Astral.*
*It really pissed me off that people would judge me like that... That's honestly why I think I got into so many fights.*
*But, deep down, what I really wanted was to be accepted by those people.*
*That desire was what fueled my attitude towards working at the SFD.*
*I clung to the naive hope that perhaps if I made myself useful to society in some way, society would in turn recognize and accept me.*
*Over the course of working in the SFD, I realized just how foolish I was for thinking that.*
*I don't know what reasons led Kakimoto Kaori to join the organization that she did.*
*Maybe she had some sort of negative experience with Astrals that gave rise to her hatred and bigotry.*
*But whatever the case, nothing justifies conceiving catastrophes involving Astrals in order to create a false danger that shouldn't normally exist.*
*The point being, there are people out there willing to put blood on their hands to keep Astrals out of society, and also people willing to go along with it.*
*I realize it's a pretty extreme example... but even so, we Astrals have a long way to go before we're truly accepted.*
*That twisted smile of hers almost seems to mock me, knowing that.*
Satoru: I've recovered to the point where I can get out and move around again... but man, I'm still far from in peak form.
Nanami: Want me to try healing you again?
Satoru: Nah, you don't have to. I'm not really injured.
*My injuries are all healed up, but my body feels slightly hot.*
*Regardless, I couldn't stay in my room. I have to go and talk to the principal as soon as possible.*
Satoru: Man, I'm gonna be doing surveillance, huh?
*Given what transpired, I understand why it's necessary.*
*But I honestly don't think anything will come of it.*
*Judging from our conversation following the incident, I don't think we have to worry about him doing anything like that again.*
Nanami: Honestly, given his actions, I doubt it'll really be needed.
Satoru: Well, even if he himself doesn't cause any problems, there's no guarantee others won't... That's the higher ups' stance.
Nanami: Oh, yeah. I guess that makes sense.
*For example, I doubt they'll keep the same research team forever.*
*After more progress is made, they may potentially need to add more people.*
*And if that happens, we can't rule out the possibility that one of them will just be another Kakimoto Kaori.*
Satoru: Think you'll be able to manage it?
Nanami: It'll definitely take more than a few days...
Nanami: Creating a backup system to store all information from every computer is easy enough... but I wanna make some changes to make surveillance easier.
Satoru: Well, feel free to do whatever you feel you need to. You'll need to discuss the details with Dad, though.
Nanami: Yeah, I figured as much.
Satoru: Sorry to make you do all this work.
Satoru: If there's anything I can do to help, just let me know.
Nanami: Of course. So do me a favor and go lie down in your room. You aren't completely better yet.
Satoru: Okay.
*Suddenly, as the two of us are walking along and chatting, someone approaches us.*
Kyouhei: Hey, Satoru.
Satoru: How are you feeling? Your injuries all healed up?
Kyouhei: Yep. All I got was a concussion from the explosions. And Nanami-chan made sure to patch me up anyways.
Kyouhei: Thanks for that.
Nanami: You're welcome.
Satoru: So I guess you're here to talk, huh?
Kyouhei: Yeah. Well, I figured you probably have a few questions for me.
Nanami: Umm... I think I'm gonna go back to my room. Bye.
Satoru: Alright. Give me a call if you need anything.
Kyouhei: You can join us; I don't mind.
Nanami: No, that's alright. Seeing how worried you were about Satoru-kun during the incident told me all I needed to know.
Nanami: Alright. Bye then, Suou-senpai.
Kyouhei: Bye. And thanks.
Kyouhei: ......
Satoru: ......
Satoru: So what do you wanna talk about?
Kyouhei: Err, right. First of all, sorry for tricking you.
Satoru: Well, in all fairness... that applies to me as much as it does you.
*Our circumstances differ, but he's also no ordinary student.*
*He probably went through many of the same things that I did for being an Astral.*
*But I have no intention of prying into his personal life.*
Satoru: Plus, you saved my life back then.
*He's not an enemy. That's all that matters.*
*But I am curious...*
Satoru: There's just one thing I wanna know... Were you watching over me this whole time?
Kyouhei: Well, my job is to keep an eye on everything going on within the academy; I'm an information gatherer, basically. To that end, I'm supposed to monitor every transfer student for a period after they first come here.
Kyouhei: But I didn't start watching you for REAL until around the Expo Fair. The principal thought something about you was suspicious, so he gave me the order to.
Satoru: So... you weren't hanging around me entirely for work reasons?
Kyouhei: Yeah... not entirely.
Satoru: That's all I care about, honestly. We both have our jobs, so let's just draw a line there and not ask too many questions.
Kyouhei: You sure? I mean, it's not like I personally have anything against that. I'd love to stay friends, if possible.
Satoru: Sure. It's a mutually beneficial relationship for the both of us.
*If he's telling the truth, then the time we spent together was real and he is my friend.*
*He's a nice guy with a big heart and a pocket dimension in his stomach.*
*He's still the same old Kyouhei to me.*
Satoru: I have few enough friends as is, so I'd rather not lose the ones I have.
Kyouhei: Thanks. That means a lot to me.
Satoru: So yeah, let's just put all this stuff behind us and never bring it up again.
Kyouhei: Yeah, let's do that.
Kyouhei: You're a real pal, Satoru.
Satoru: You too, man.
Kyouhei: Thanks!
Satoru: Phew...
*I never imagined that rolling around in my bed could feel so RELAXING.*
*I can of course stand and walk around no problem, but my body is still very clearly exhausted.*
Satoru: .........
Satoru: ......
Satoru: ...
Satoru: Crap, I almost nodded off there.
Satoru: I gotta change before I go to sleep.
*I get up off my bed and put my hands on my shirt, but then I notice something.*
*The light on my phone is blinking.*
Satoru: Hmm?
*Come to think of it... I forgot to take my phone with me when I left.*
*It stayed in this room the entire time.*
Satoru: I know it was only a short trip to go see the principal, but still. That's not something I'd normally do... Guess that just goes to show I'm not fully back to form yet.
*I take my phone and check the notifications.*
*A missed call from Ayase? She's only called me twice before.*
*The first time she was on the verge of crying from playing that horror game.*
*The second time she was on the verge of crying because she was feeling insecure and lonely.*
*Regardless of the underlying reasons, she called for help both times.*
Satoru: ......
*I've come to learn now that Ayase had been undergoing periodic checkups ever since she started taking the drug that gives non-Astrals access to an ability, just to be doubly sure that it isn't affecting her negatively.*
*And today was one of those checkup todays...*
*My heart pounds against my chest, giving fuel to my anxiety.*
Satoru: Oh god, don't tell me they found something at the checkup?!
*No, that's unlikely.*
*It's already night. The checkup should've ended hours ago, and she should be in her room now...*
*She probably just wanted to call me to say how it went.*
*I understand that's the logical conclusion, but I just can't rid myself of this anxiety.*
Satoru: Please... Please let it be some harmless reason!
*I press the call button as I cross my fingers.*
*Shortly after, her voice enters my ears, allaying my worst fears.*
Ayase: "Hello?"
Satoru: Are you alright, Ayase?!
Ayase: "What do you mean? Why are you freaking out?"
Satoru: Well, it's really late and every time you've called me before it's been because you needed my help.
Satoru: So I was just kinda worried that maybe something happened again.
Ayase: "Ahh, right. Sorry. Yeah, I'm alright."
Ayase: "I knew you took the day off school today so I just wanted to call to tell you how the checkup went."
Ayase: "Were you sleeping? Sorry if I woke you."
Satoru: Nah, I was awake.
Satoru: But phew, I'm glad you're okay.
Ayase: "You're such a worrywart."
Satoru: Yeah, I guess I am.
Satoru: Hey, mind if I come up to your room?
Ayase: "Huh? Right now?"
Satoru: I just really want to see you. I probably won't be able to sleep if I don't.
Ayase: "But you're not better yet, are you? Wouldn't it be better if I came down to your room?"
Satoru: Well, wouldn't that take a bit of time? I mean, you not only have to get changed and stuff, you also have to take care of your chest...
Ayase: "I'm gonna kill you... I'm gonna murder you into OBLIVION..."
Satoru: Sorry, I wasn't trying to poke fun at you.
Satoru: I just want to see you ASAP, so the quicker option is better for me.
Ayase: "Then say THAT instead of all... what you said. You probably just wanted an excuse to mention how I pad my chest and how it must take a TON of time."
Satoru: I was just guessing!
Satoru: Well, whatever... Point is, I'm dying to see you, Ayase.
Satoru: So can I come over?
Ayase: "Fine."
Ayase: "I'll be honest... I missed seeing you today too, so please hurry. I'll be waiting."
Satoru: Yeah, I'll be right there.
*Today I leave through my actual door and walk through the hallways like a normal person.*
*Once I reach the stairwell, I walk up to Ayase's floor, then head to her room.*
Satoru: ......
*Man, it's funny how I'm getting all nervous from visiting her the normal way.*
*Boys are still allowed on the girls' floors at this hour, plus I'm her boyfriend.*
*There's no reason for me to feel this way... but I don't know.*
*Either way, I give her door a good knock.*
Ayase: Come in.
Satoru: ......
*I open the door and walk in her room.*
*And the first thing I do is stare at her sweet face.*
Ayase: Wh-What?
Satoru: So you really are okay?
Ayase: Yeah, we've already been over this.
Ayase: Are YOU okay, though?
Ayase: You said you weren't sleeping... So does that mean you ignored my call?
Satoru: Come on, I'd never do that.
Satoru: I just went out and forgot to take my phone with me, so that's why I didn't answer. Sorry.
Ayase: Where'd you even go? You were supposed to be staying home from school 'cause you weren't feeling well.
Satoru: Well...
Satoru: Me and Nanami went to talk to the principal.
Ayase: ......
Satoru: I had him tell us everything, and that included stuff about you. So let me go ahead and apologize.
Satoru: I know that he's your dad, and that Ise Kotori is your half-sister.
Ayase: Oh...
Satoru: Sorry. I know I basically dug into some pretty private stuff without permission.
Ayase: N-No, it's fine. There's no need to keep everything a secret now that we've caught the person responsible for everything...
Ayase: Honestly, I was planning to tell you everything eventually. You don't have to feel bad or anything.
Satoru: Okay...
Ayase: So what's gonna happen to my dad now?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: He'll probably have to be punished in some way.
Ayase: Oh...
Satoru: That being said, his actions helped protect Astrals.
Satoru: And even if we tried to prosecute him, all it would do is worsen the public's opinion on Astrals.
Satoru: Even if it was all artificially induced--no, actually, it being artificially induced is the reason why it'd blow up if it became public.
Satoru: The most important thing right now is to develop a cure as fast as possible so we can help the victims.
Satoru: The principal's assistance is indispensable if we want to achieve that, seeing as how he was the one leading all of it. So, yeah... we couldn't do much, even if we wanted to.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Alright, I understand. Thanks for taking the time to explain everything for me.
Satoru: So... all these sacrifices you've been making, all this time, were for your sister?
Ayase: I'm not sure that's really the right way to put it. I just couldn't stand what happened to her.
Ayase: She was always so kind to me. Rather than a sister, she was more like a friend and a mentor to me... I really loved her.
Ayase: So when she fell victim to those awful people and had to be put in a coma... I was really mad. I wanted to make them pay for what they'd done.
Ayase: That's why I helped my dad... Well, really, I was the one who insisted on acting as a bait to lure them out.
Satoru: Right.
Ayase: Sorry. I know this was a really big thing to be keeping a secret from you.
Satoru: No, I understand why you had to. Sharing something like that is just way too risky in a scenario where you don't know if someone's friend or foe.
Satoru: I don't blame you one bit.
Ayase: Thanks... really.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: I... also lied to you, Ayase. The truth is, I never came to this academy to protect you.
Satoru: I--
Ayase: You're fine.
Satoru: Huh?
Ayase: You don't have to feel pressured to do the same just 'cause I told you my secrets.
Ayase: Your situation is a lot different. You'll get in actual trouble if you tell me...
Satoru: ......
Ayase: Everything that's transpired so far has taught me a lot about you.
Ayase: You work entirely for the benefit of Astrals. And... you protected me, just like you promised you would.
Ayase: I don't need to know anything more than that.
Ayase: Even if you can't tell me things, that won't make me love you any less.
Satoru: Ayase...
Ayase: Well, with one exception. If you DARE cheat on me... you're dead meat, mister.
Satoru: Man, hearing all those scary words out of your mouth makes me sad.
Satoru: I like my Ayase when she's happy and smiling.
Ayase: Hmm...
Ayase: Don't cheat, or I'm gonna cut your dick off!
Satoru: Putting on a smile doesn't make those words any less scary, you do know that!
Ayase: Sheesh, you're one hard to please guy.
Satoru: You don't need to threaten me; I'd never cheat on you regardless. I've never even remotely THOUGHT about being with anyone other than you.
Ayase: Fine.
Ayase: Anyways, the only thing that matters is that you love me. As long as I know I'm important to you, and you'd never hurt me... I don't care about secrets.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Does the--
*Does the fact that I'm an Astral not bother you?*
*A giant ball of anxiety is sitting in my chest, and it won't go away until I hear what she says to that question. But... I'm scared. I'm scared of hearing that answer.*
*Those conflicting emotions only further stress me out, causing me to bite my lip.*
*Kakimoto Kaori might be an outlier, but there's no denying that people like her exist.*
*Ayase isn't actually an Astral herself, so maybe--*
Ayase: Hm?
*She just tilts her head curiously.*
*Not a single thing about her is different. This is the same Ayase I know and love.*
Satoru: Nah, nevermind.
*Right.*
*Ayase is a kindhearted person.*
*Isn't that why I made the decision to trust her wholeheartedly?*
Satoru: (I can't believe I'm still having doubts. She had unwavering trust in me during a life-or-death situation, for crying out loud...)
Satoru: (Man, I'm pitiful...)
*Dad's not an Astral, yet he's devoting his life to helping them.*
*And Ayase herself made numerous sacrifices, all for the sake of her older sister, who's an Astral.*
*She says she loves me regardless of the fact that I have an ability and she doesn't.*
*She's smiling at me with pure joy and affection.*
*Maybe... this is what I really wanted.*
*I didn't need all of society to accept me.*
*I just wanted ONE person, outside of my family, who would tell me they loved me, not caring about the fact that I'm an Astral.*
*And that's what this sweet girlfriend of mine has already done.*
*I've found someone who will smile at me, love me, and accept me for who I am.*
*That alone makes life feel worth living.*
Ayase: So where's your answer? Will you always love me?
Satoru: Yeah, of course. You're the most precious thing in the world to me, Ayase.
*To think, it all began with one silly lie that I came up with on the spur of the moment.*
*And that lie had the power to change my entire life... Pretty amazing, isn't it?*
Satoru: I'll always love you with all my heart, Ayase. Both now and forever.
Ayase: Good. I like that answer.
Satoru: I'll make up for both all the lies I had to tell you and all the things I won't be able to tell you. I promise.
Satoru: So yeah... I want you there with me every step along the way. I'll always cherish you and keep you safe--not because it's my job to, but because I want to.
Satoru: I love you, Ayase.
Ayase: Yep! I love you too, Satoru.
Ayase: So, bit of a different topic, but how are you feeling?
Satoru: I haven't 100\% recovered, but I'm feeling fine, for the most part.
Ayase: That's good. But what still feels wrong?
Satoru: I've still got a bit of a fever.
Satoru: I also don't know if it's because effects of the drug are still lingering... but my senses feel more acute than usual.
Ayase: What do you mean? Like you get mood swings or somethin'?
Satoru: No, not exactly.
Satoru: It's like I'm more sensitive to light stimuli... and other stimuli.
Ayase: So basically you react to even just faint sounds and smells?
Satoru: Yeah, pretty much.
*I feel like that might also be the root cause of my anxiety.*
Ayase: Are you sure you're alright? You kinda got me worried now.
Satoru: I'm all good. The effects haven't disappeared completely yet, but it's not like I feel sick or anything.
Satoru: I'm just a little feverish, that's all. I'll make sure to get to bed once I get back to my room.
Ayase: I know it's nothing serious, but I'm still kind of worried about the effects still being leftover.
Ayase: Hey, want me to nurse you in bed?
Satoru: Err...
Satoru: I appreciate the thought, but I'm good.
Ayase: Why? You think I'd do a crappy job or something?
Satoru: No, it's nothing to do with you.
Ayase: Then what's the problem?
Satoru: Um... I think I mentioned that my body reacts strongly to faint stimuli? So like... smells.
Satoru: And that "reaction" also includes... sexual arousal.
Ayase: Oh, really?
Satoru: Yeah. So, like...
Satoru: I can smell your scent all around this room... And because of that I've been ridiculously horny ever since I walked in.
Ayase: Oh... You've been ridiculously horny.
Satoru: Plus, with the whole incident and all the checkups and whatnot that came after, we haven't really had any alone time in a while.
Ayase: Yeah, we haven't.
Satoru: So yeah... I'm pretty pent-up as a result of that.
Ayase: Why go back to your room then?
Ayase: That seems like a pretty good reason to stay here with me...
Satoru: Well, err...
Ayase: I-I thought you said wanted to get "down and dirty" with me more. What, don't you wanna have sex with me?
Ayase: You're not satisfied just coming here and talking, right?
Satoru: Well, no.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Is that fine, though?
Ayase: Look, I'm your girlfriend. I love you to death, plus... I do like sex too.
Satoru: Well, I know that... but if we fuck now, I might not be able to contain myself.
Ayase: ......
Satoru: If you're still--
Ayase: Nghh! Ahh, for chrissakes! Get a freaking hint already! I'm trying to say that I'm just as sexually frustrated as you!
Ayase: Girls DO have sex drives too, for your information! And when their boyfriend all of a sudden says something like that they get a little horny too!
Ayase: My body's been burning hot since last time! Of course I'm gonna get my hopes up a little when my boyfriend finally comes over and we get to be alone for the first time in what feels like freaking ages!
Ayase: Look, alright? I... want sex! I wanna have sex with my boyfriend right here, right now!
Ayase: Sorry for being so goddamn horny, okay?! But I love you! That's the whole reason I'm acting so thirsty right now! So if you got a problem with that, do me a favor and save it for after you fuck my brains out!
Satoru: So I guess we're fucking then?
Ayase: Well, no duh. It's not my fault I'm like this... I love you so much... and I've been waiting forever for this.
Ayase: I love you so much it makes me go crazy.
Satoru: And I love you too. Horny, or whatever else, you're still my Ayase.
Ayase: Then don't make a girl say all that freaking crude crap, geez...
Satoru: I'm ready, Ayase, so let's fuck. I want to feel your body. 
*.........*
*......*
*...*
================================================================================
*The months passed, and the seasons changed. It's been a while since we exchanged that vow on the rooftop of the dorm.*
*There was the chilly wind of winter, the blossoming flowers of spring, and the blistering heat of summer...*
*Then finally--we were back in fall.*
*In other words, it's been a year now since Ayase I became a couple.*
*While we did have the occasional fight or disagreement, our relationship has held together firmly. We're both managing to honor our vows without problem.*
*To others, it might not seem like anything has changed about us.*
*But every time we overcame one of those hurdles, I could feel us getting closer to one another.*
*They might be minuscule changes that aren't noticeable, but I believe the accumulation of them has brought lasting change to our relationship.*
*My wonderful love life aside, there have also been a number of other changes over the course of this year.*
*The biggest of them all being, of course...*
Atsunori: We've finally completed the medicine for the cure.
Ayase: Does that mean... I'll finally be able to see Onee-chan again?
Atsunori: Yes. We should be able to wake her back up.
Ayase: Oh, thank goodness...
Satoru: I'm impressed you managed to create it in little over a year.
Atsunori: Due in no small part to that paper I received from you. It contained all the necessary information.
Atsunori: The time it took to get here was mainly only spent testing it to make sure it was safe and effective.
Satoru: Well, either way, I'm glad you finally made it to this point.
*It was rather fortunate that I was able to store the paper in my memory, but the problem was, it was so long and detailed that I simply couldn't make heads or tails of it with my level of knowledge.*
*I suppose the paper must have outlined the entire research process from start to finish.*
Satoru: (Man, and she only showed me that because she was positive I was going to die. That sure backfired on her...)
Satoru: (Well, from our perspective, it was literally our saving grace.)
Ayase: When is she gonna be able to wake up?
Atsunori: Today. I'm finally going to wake Kotori here in a short while.
Atsunori: That's why I called you here. I assume you want to come along, right?
Ayase: Of course!
Atsunori: And you as well, Arihara-kun?
Atsunori: This wouldn't have been possible without you, so I would like for you to witness the fruits of our labor. 
Satoru: My pleasure.
Atsunori: Let's be on our way then.
*There's a single girl sleeping in this capsule much like the other ones I saw.*
*So that's her... Ayase's sister.*
*Because she's been kept in this artificial comatose state for so long, her skin is hardly what you'd call a healthy color.*
*Still, her face is quite pretty and it's quite easy to imagine how beautiful she'd be if she were living a normal life.*
Mayu: Everything's ready.
*Standing next to the capsule is Mayu-senpai.*
*I heard that she'd also been helping develop the cure, as one of the few researchers that could be trusted with the information.*
Mayu: Alright. I'm going to inject the medicine now.
Atsunori: Please do.
*Mayu-senpai slowly puts the needle in as the rest of us watch with bated breath.*
Mayu: ......
Ayase: Does the cure take effect right away?
Mayu: We don't know.
*Mayu-senpai can only shake her head in response to Ayase's question.*
Mayu: This is the first time we've tested it on a patient who's suffered a full control-loss, so we're expecting some differences from what we saw in the prior test subjects...
Ayase: Oh...
Mayu: But it should work, either way. And we've confirmed its safety through numerous experiments, so don't worry.
Mayu: It'll work... It WILL work...
*Mayu-senpai stares fixedly at the girl in the capsule as she mutters those words to herself, almost like she's trying to convince herself.*
*Likewise, my eyes are also glued to the capsule.*
*As are Ayase's.*
*She's biting her lip while single-mindedly staring at it.*
Ayase: ......
*Seeing her so distraught makes my chest ache with pain.*
*I want to do something for her.*
*I want to do anything I can to make her feel better.*
*Looking down, I realize I'd ended up taking her hand.*
Ayase: ......
*With no words said, she responds by gripping my hand back.*
*We watch Ise Kotori with bated breath, holding onto each other's hand tightly.*
*However, her eyes still remain shut.*
Satoru: (Did it not work?)
*I feel a squeeze on my hand as if Ayase is admonishing me for having doubts.*
Ayase: ......
*She's no longer praying.*
*"Wake up... Wake up..."*
*She looks so brave and fearless that it's like she's trying to invoke those feelings through her gaze.*
*Seeing that, I pull myself together as well.*
*I gaze firmly at Ise Kotori, removing all doubts and fears from my heart.*
Satoru: (Wake up... Wake up... You need to wake up. There are so many people here waiting to see you again.)
Everyone: ......
*Eventually... a subtle motion is detected.*
Mayu: Ah?!
Atsunori: Her finger just--?!
Ayase: It moved! It definitely moved!
Atsunori: Kotori!
Mayu: Kotori!
Ayase: Onee-chan!
*As everyone calls to her frantically, at long last, her eyelids begin to show signs of motion.*
*They're quivering ever so slightly.*
*And finally--*
Kotori: Ngh... ahh...
Ayase: Ah... ah... Onee-chan.
Kotori: What's going on? My head feels so heavy... Where... am I?
Ayase: O-Onee-chan. Onee-chan!
Kotori: Ayase? Huh? You're a lot... bigger than I remember you being. Especially around your chest... Wait, what? Seriously, how did they get so big?
Kotori: What's going on? Is this... a dream?
Ayase: No, it's not! It's not a dream!
Ayase: This is real, so please, don't go back to sleep! Keep your eyes open!
Atsunori: Kotori...
Mayu: Kotori, it's been so long...
*All the years of research have finally paid off.*
*Each and every one of us were overcome by emotion.*
*After the tearful reunion concluded, we slowly explained what had happened to her.*
*Kakimoto Kaori was behind everything.*
*Kotori had been asleep in a coma for a number of years.*
*Her father and younger sister had worked tirelessly all the while trying to find a cure for her.*
*She was a little shocked by just how much her sister had grown.*
*In addition to her father's aging, which was likely accelerated due to all the emotional stress.*
*We also had to explain to her that body would be a little weak since she'd only just woken up.*
*Since there were some immediate medical checkups that had to be done, we decided that we'd sit down and talk another day, and left the research center.*
Ayase: I'm so glad...
Satoru: Me too, Ayase.
Ayase: Well, not everyone's been woken up JUST yet.
Satoru: But we have proof that the cure works. Just give it some time, and I'm sure everyone will be up and fine again, Sagami included.
Ayase: Yeah.
Satoru: Boy, I can't wait to see the look on his face when he finds out we're his upperclassmen now.
Satoru: Speaking of surprises, your sister was pretty surprised.
Satoru: I loved the reaction she made when she saw how big your boobs were.
Ayase: You didn't have to bring that up!
Ayase: She's honestly rude beyond belief! Is it really that unbelievable that my boobs would grow bigger?!
Satoru: Well, in all fairness... the fact that they HAVEN'T kinda proves her point.
Ayase: I know, but STILL!
Ayase: Kgh! Maybe I WON'T tell her the truth. See how she likes that...
Ayase: I can already imagine the way she'd laugh at me and be all like "Haha, I knew something was wrong!" God, I am not enduring that kind of humiliation!
Satoru: Well, boob talk aside, make sure you introduce her to me once things have settled down.
Satoru: I was kind of hoping I'd get the chance to introduce myself today, but everything was a bit too hectic...
Ayase: Yeah, that's one thing I CAN tell her. I've got a boyfriend now. Heh, I'm gonna rub it in her face so much!
Satoru: Man, your poor sister.
Ayase: So what? I deserve at least a little something for all my hard work.
Satoru: Yeah, that is true. You did work hard.
Satoru: And you were finally rewarded for it. Congratulations, Ayase.
*She cuddles up to me with a bit of bashfulness and squeezes my hand.*
Ayase: Thanks for supporting me through all of this.
Satoru: I was only doing what any good boyfriend would've.
Satoru: There's nothing I want more than to see my sweetheart smiling.
Satoru: You really have a picture perfect smile, Ayase. You look so beautiful when you're smiling.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: I've kinda realized this, but you say the most embarrassing things with no hesitation whatsoever.
Satoru: Is that odd?
Satoru: I'm just speaking from the heart.
Ayase: Yes, and most people would say that speaking from the heart is embarrassing.
Satoru: Really? So should I avoid saying stuff like that in the future then?
Ayase: No, that's not what I'm saying... Nothing makes me happier than hearing you tell me you love me... So I definitely wouldn't want you to stop.
Satoru: Alright. Then I'll keep speaking from the heart.
*Hand-in-hand, we walk slowly back the dorm.*
*We're always kind of INTIMATE in public, so I've gotten the feeling lately that people are started to get fed up.*
*But the pure joy we feel when together is strong enough to make that an afterthought.*
Ayase: *sigh* It's like every day I realize anew that love is a game where whoever falls the hardest loses.
Ayase: I can't find a SINGLE thing I don't like about you. I've been losing since day one.
Satoru: What? If whoever falls the hardest loses, then I'm clearly the loser here.
Satoru: And I fall in love with you more with each passing day, so I just keep falling further and further into the pits of loser-dom.
Ayase: Are you stupid? I'M the loser by any metric here. I fall more in love with you every second of every minute of every hour of every day.
Satoru: Why are you arguing with me over this? Are you ten?
Ayase,Satoru: Hngh.
Ayase: It's me!
Satoru: No me!
Ayase: No me!
Satoru: No me!
Ayase: Gnnnngh!
Satoru: Rgggh!
Ayase: I feel like we've had this debate a lot.
Satoru: Yeah. It's always ended in a draw...
Satoru: But today, what do you say we settle this once and for all?
Ayase: Settle it how?
Satoru: In bed.
Ayase: Ugh... You're really gonna make a sex joke at a time like this? Get outta here, pal...
Satoru: What, you don't wanna?
Ayase: I never said that... I wouldn't... honestly mind settling it that way.
Satoru: Well, game on.
Ayase: Sheesh, you're a real handful, you know that?
*After that playful gibe, she affectionately cuddles up closer to me.*
Ayase: You're the only one I'd let that slide for.
Satoru: Well, that's good, because you're the only woman I want to take to bed.
Ayase: *sigh*
Ayase: Seriously, I'm so gullible... All it takes is a cheesy remark like that to make me feel all happy inside.
Satoru: Well, I can be pretty dense, so it helps that you're easy to understand.
Satoru: And you'll always be my sweetheart, Ayase.
Ayase: Huh? Why go out of your way to say that now? Of course I will.
Satoru: Yep.
Satoru: I promise I'll make you happy.
Ayase: Thanks. And I'll do my best to make you happy as well.
Ayase: And it begins with, um... tonight. In the bedroom.
Satoru: Oh, you've got me excited now.
*There's still no telling what the future holds for those of us known as Astrals.*
*It still might be a while before we're accepted as normal and welcomed into society.*
*But as long as I have Ayase with me, I'm sure I'll manage just fine.*
*That day will come eventually, I have faith.*
*And when it comes, I'll greet it alongside this beautiful girl next to me.*
Satoru: I love you, Ayase.
Ayase: I love you too, Satoru.
================================================================================
*I can hear Mitsukasa-san singing off in the distance.*
*It's the same voice I heard in that promotional video of hers.*
Satoru: She's got a great singing voice.
*She herself was pretty averse to the whole thing, I know.*
*Even so, she's doing the job that was asked of her without letting that reluctance show.*
*I mean, I'm not even there and I can tell the crowd's having an absolute blast.*
Satoru: ......
*Listening to her song and the noise of excitement, I absently gaze up at the sky.*
Nanami: So this is where you've been, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Oh, hey. What's wrong? Did something come up?
Nanami: No, nothing like that. It doesn't seem like anyone witnessed what went down earlier, so we'll probably just be able to relax for the rest of the day.
Satoru: Phew, that's great... But why were you looking for me then?
Nanami: No reason in particular... I was just wondering where you'd wandered off to.
Nanami: So what've you been doing out here all by yourself?
Nanami: Did you get assigned some sort of mission?
Satoru: Nah. Dad's not cruel enough to do that after everything I've been through today.
Satoru: Besides, he's busy with the clean-up work.
Satoru: I was just kinda relaxing and resting up. I'm a bit tired, as you can probably imagine.
Nanami: You're not injured or anything, are you?
Satoru: Nope. I would've called you over here to heal me if I was.
Nanami: Well, as long as you're telling the truth...
Satoru: I am, I promise.
Satoru: It was a bit of a close call, but Dad managed to come in just in the knick of time and save my ass. Heck, I don't even have a scratch on me.
Nanami: Alright. But, really... I didn't expect Dad to come in and save the day like that.
Satoru: Oh, me neither. I knew he was a good shooter, but man.
Nanami: You wouldn't be able to do the same?
Satoru: Not even close... I'm not even good with guns in the first place.
Nanami: You aren't?
Satoru: I mean, I learned how to use them, but I've never used a firearm on a mission so I have zero practical experience.
*Since we're Astrals, we much more often use our abilities to resolve situations.*
*Also, whenever you fire off a gun, it comes with its share of paperwork, and nobody likes paperwork.*
*Moreover, we usually opt for surprise attacks using the stealth function of our uniforms. It would never devolve into a shoot out.*
Satoru: You learned how to fire a gun during training too, right? So you probably understand why I'm so amazed by what he did.
Nanami: Yeah, uh... Kinda? But not really...
Satoru: Why the vague reply?
Satoru: You... didn't fake your grade, did you?
Nanami: Of course not. Look, the training I received was for a supportive role. I did learn how to use a gun, but the grade I received in that area was irrelevant.
Satoru: Um, meaning?
Nanami: I didn't hit the target a single time over the course of training... so I don't have a feeling for how difficult it's supposed to be!
Satoru: Wow... I didn't know you were THAT clumsy.
Nanami: O-Oh, shut up! I don't need you to tell me that!
Nanami: What do you want me to do? I can't change what I'm good at and not. I mean... I want to help more, I really do.
Nanami: Take today's mission, for example... All I could do was basically just sit on the sidelines and wait...
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Sorry, I apologize. That was insensitive of me.
Satoru: I wasn't trying to offend you or put you down or anything.
Nanami: ......
Satoru: Really, you're helping me out a whole lot; more than you think. I'm always thankful for what you do.
Satoru: I mean, you may not be good at physical stuff, but I'm also really crappy with technology, which you're amazing at.
Satoru: I'd be doomed on missions without you, and I mean it.
Nanami: ......
Nanami: This is weird.
Satoru: What is?
Nanami: You're actually being kind and considerate to me... It makes no sense.
Nanami: You did get injured earlier, didn't you... Wait--don't tell me you hit your head?!
Satoru: You know, you're pretty mean to me at times.
Nanami: I'm being mean? I don't think so. But if that's what it feels like, just know... I only do it 'cause I love you. So don't let it bother you, Onii-chan.
Satoru: Nothing makes a brother happier than his little sister saying she loves him.
Nanami: Right?
Satoru: Well, what I'm trying to say is, I'm grateful for you.
Satoru: Heck, before we moved here, you were even taking care of all the housework for me in addition to supporting me on missions. So thanks, Nanami. I really mean it.
Nanami: Wh-Where's all this coming from? You're gonna embarrass me...
Nanami: Did you really not hit your head earlier? Or maybe you ate something funny?
Satoru: Is it that strange for me to thank you?
Nanami: I hear those words from you so rarely that, yeah, it is strange.
Satoru: Really?
Nanami: Yeah. If you wanted to thank me for doing the housework, you should've said it back when I was actually doing it.
Nanami: Well, I'm just playing.
Satoru: Sorry.
Nanami: It's fine. I'm not upset.
Nanami: Honestly, if you keep acting so meek and obedient, it might rain tomorrow.
Satoru: I wasn't specifically trying to act that way.
Nanami: I guess it's just 'cause you're so tired?
Satoru: Could be.
*I was extremely stressed out throughout the day.*
Nanami: Well, fine... I guess I'll be nice today and let you use my knees.
Satoru: For what?
Nanami: Oh, you know... lying your head on my lap... Well, I guess it'd be my thighs more so than my knees.
*So, in other words, she's offering to let me rest my head on her thighs.*
Satoru: ......
Nanami: ......
Satoru: Hm, that sounds pretty comfy. Kinda like a foam pillow.
Nanami: What?! You're really just gonna tell a girl to her face that she has fat thighs?!
Nanami: We get really conscious about these things, okay?!
Satoru: I never said they were fat; the thought didn't even cross my mind. You don't need to worry about your weight.
Satoru: I promise you, you're very attractive the way you are now. I'd actually start to worry about you if you got more slender.
Nanami: Huh? Oh... um... Th-Thanks...
Nanami: S-So... how about it? Do you wanna lie down on my lap?
Satoru: I appreciate the offer, but I'll pass.
Satoru: People might think I'm a siscon if they saw me resting on my sister's lap.
Nanami: ......
Satoru: What?
Nanami: Um, I think that's a bit of a belated thought... Pretty sure most people already consider you one.
Satoru: Huh?! What'd I ever do to earn that label?!
Nanami: Hmm, it's hard to point out one specific thing. It's kinda like... everything you do?
Satoru: No way!
Nanami: You might want to develop a little bit more self-awareness.
Satoru: I refuse to accept this!
Nanami: Well, umm... I don't mind it, personally. You can admittedly get a little creepy at times, though.
Satoru: Are you trying to cheer me up? It feels like you're rubbing salt in the wound.
Nanami: I was genuinely trying to be nice...
*Right at the moment, we notice something.*
*A thunderous applause happening in the distance.*
Nanami: Oh, looks like it's over.
Satoru: Yeah.
Nanami: You did a great job today, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: You too, Nanami.
*Starting tomorrow, it'll be back to business as usual at school.*
*And there will also be new missions in store for us too, surely.*
*But tonight, at least, I think I'll be able to sleep peacefully and soundly.*
================================================================================
Ryuunosuke: "Thanks for a job well done yesterday."
Satoru: You saved my skin, honestly, so thank you for that.
Ryuunosuke: "Just to double check... You are fine, right? I didn't accidentally hit you or anything?"
Satoru: I'm perfectly fine. No scratches, no anything.
Ryuunosuke: "Great."
Ryuunosuke: "Man, it's been a long time since I've last been in action. I was forced to shoot in that moment, but damn, my heart nearly leapt out of my chest."
Satoru: Your accuracy was still incredibly impressive, though.
Ryuunosuke: "Hardly any agents had astral abilities ten years ago. You had to have that level of skill with a firearm to make it."
Ryuunosuke: "I bet I would've been able to shoot a little bit faster if I was still in top form. I had to take my time to take aim yesterday." 
*That inhuman speed was him "taking his time"?*
*It was basically almost like normal rapid-fire.*
Ryuunosuke: "Well, that's enough chitchat for now. Let's move on to the subject at hand."
Satoru: Have you figured out anything about those guys?
Ryuunosuke: "Well, it's only been a day, so there's still a lot we don't know, but we got the information we needed out of them, for the most part."
Ryuunosuke: "These fellas probably fall under the same classification as us."
Satoru: Wait, do you mean...
Ryuunosuke: "Yep. They're part of a secret government organization."
Satoru: Seriously?!
Satoru: Wait, why would the government be after Mitsukasa-san?
Ryuunosuke: "As you know, astral abilities are a delicate topic these days."
Ryuunosuke: "The majority of both the government and the public now believe they should be utilized for the benefit of society, however, there are also no small number of people who consider them dangerous."
Ryuunosuke: "Everything involving astrons should be monitored and put under strict regulations, they say. Even in the ruling party, you'll still find people who believe that."
Satoru: So they're part of that anti-astron faction... and they targeted Mitsukasa-san as part of some plan?
Ryuunosuke: "Yeah, and probably all those missing Astrals as well."
Satoru: Wouldn't that mean that... Mitsukasa-san will never truly be safe as long as anti-astron government officials exist?
Ryuunosuke: "A reasonable worry, but it's fine. We already have everyone from the anti-astron faction down and under control. They won't be targeting anyone anytime soon."
Satoru: Seriously? You guys work fast.
Ryuunosuke: "Well, this is a serious issue to the higher-ups. It'd only be expected for them to act fast."
Satoru: I see.
Ryuunosuke: "We were already given order to abandon the mission of guarding Mitsukasa Ayase. There's nothing to worry about."
Ryuunosuke: "You can inform her of that as well."
Satoru: Alright...
*Hearing that, I finally relax a little.*
Ryuunosuke: "So with that being said, you're relieved of your mission."
Ryuunosuke: "You did well."
Satoru: Well, it was my screw-up that caused all this in the first place. I should apologize for all the extra work I gave you.
Ryuunosuke: "Still, we owe it to that screw-up that we were able to deal with the problem before it escalated any further."
Ryuunosuke: "Besides, it's not like you're free of any mission now."
Ryuunosuke: "Your undercover mission continues. Your job, for now, is to work hard at school and eventually graduate."
Satoru: Yes, sir.
Ryuunosuke: "I'll give you a call if any new developments spring up. Oh, and one more thing..."
Ryuunosuke: "You'll have no new mission assignments for the next while. Use the time to relax and enjoy yourselves."
Satoru: Alright. Thanks.
Ryuunosuke: "Talk to you later."
*I end the call and sit down on my bed.*
Satoru: Everything major's done with for now. That's good.
Satoru: Guess I'll kick back and relax like he told me to.
Satoru: So yeah, you shouldn't have to worry about these guys coming after you anymore.
Satoru: Well, we still need to do a bit more investigating to catch all of them, but there isn't an immediate danger to you.
Ayase: Phew. That's wonderful to hear.
Ayase: So does that mean you're no longer assigned to bodyguard me?
Satoru: Right.
Satoru: But you can still count on me if you ever need help with something.
Satoru: I may not be your bodyguard, but as your friend, I'm still willing to help.
Ayase: Thanks.
Ayase: I will be sure to keep that in mind.
*She puts on her usual facade and smiles sweetly at me.*
Ayase: But if your mission is over with, doesn't that mean you're going to leave the academy sometime in the immediate future?
*I slowly shake my head in response to her question.*
Satoru: Transferring in and then right out would be way too suspicious. The plan is to stay here until graduation, barring any changes or difficulties.
Ayase: Alright. I hope we can continue being friends then.
Satoru: Same here.
Ayase: Great.
*No, actually, she's let up that facade a bit.*
*She smiles at me in a way that makes me feel like I'm getting tiny glimpses of her true self peeking through cracks in that mask.*
*I think what she and I are both tacitly communicating here is that we should put each other's secrets aside and go back to how things originally were.*
*After our brief exchange, she decided to head back up to her room.*
*I, on the other hand, swing by the canteen for breakfast.*
*The Astral Expo Fair concluded yesterday.*
*However, our work is not yet done.*
*Students who organized displays or other attractions still need to clean up.*
*Our exhibit used chairs and tables made out of water.*
*For our part, we already undid the ability that allowed them to maintain that form yesterday.*
*Other than that, we also used kitchen equipment, but as we learned today, it had been collected earlier by the company it was rented from.*
*So, essentially, there was no more cleaning up for us to do.*
*That being said, there was one thing we agreed upon to get permission to use this pool area.*
Chisaki: Who's ready to clean the pool?
*The condition for our use of the pool was draining and then cleaning it just in case, since food had been served at the poolside.*
*From what I hear, they clean the pool regularly when there aren't classes going on in it.*
*Proper maintenance of the equipment and devices are, of course, carried out by a professional contractor, but not the cleaning of the floor and walls.*
Hazuki: I must say, this is my first experience cleaning a pool.
Ayase: Cleaning a pool of this size seems like it will be a lot of work...
Mayu: Agreed. Brushing the whole thing clean is definitely gonna take us a while.
Kyouhei: Well, there's nothing we can do about it.
Satoru: Yeah, so let's go ahead and get started.
Satoru: We need to drain it first before we can clean the walls and floor, right?
Kyouhei: They do hygiene control on it regularly, so I doubt we'll find any slime or invisible dirt.
Ayase: So, in other words, our job is to clean every nook and cranny just in case there are tiny specks of dirt in places.
Mayu: We'll also need to pick up the trash.
Chisaki: Let's get those brooms sweeping!
Nanami: You seem kinda excited about this, Chisaki-chan.
Chisaki: Sure am! You don't get to clean a pool every day! Doesn't it just seem like so much fun?
Nanami: But the size...
Chisaki: I mean, yeah, it's not gonna be easy, but this is a group effort. We've got all seven of us to take care of it!
Nanami: Yeah, that's true. Whining about it won't do anything.
Chisaki: Exactly! So, without further ado, let's do this, team!
Nanami: Y-Yeaaah!
Chisaki: Oh goood, I'm dying...
Mayu: M-My back is killing me... My arms sting... And my thighs are wobbling...
Ayase: I didn't expect the job to be THIS physically demanding...
Kyouhei: There's no way this is normally a seven person job.
Hazuki: I agree. This is rather taxing work.
Ayase: Roughly how much do you think we have done so far?
Mayu: All in all, I'd say we're at about... one third complete.
Kyouhei: God, we're not even at the halfway point. Just kill me now...
Nanami: U-Umm... Could we take a quick break?
Chisaki: I am 100\% in favor of that.
Mayu: I definitely need me a break...
Ayase: We still have a ways left to go, so rather than overexerting ourselves now, it would be wise take a break and build our stamina back up.
Mayu: Alright, then let's do that. *sigh* My whole body aches...
Nanami: Are you okay? I could heal you with my ability if you want.
Mayu: Aww, thanks. I appreciate the offer, but I'll pass for now. We're still not done yet.
Mayu: If you patch me up now, you'll have to do it a second time later... Maybe even a third time.
Chisaki: My muscles are gonna be real sore tomorrow.
Mayu: Mine are gonna be sore tomorrow... and the day after too.
Satoru: Sweeping really does a number on your back, doesn't it?
Nanami: Is it not rough for you, Satoru-kun? You still seem pretty springy.
Satoru: I've still got plenty of stamina, but my back does ache after having to bend over all that time.
Nanami: I guess it's tough even when you're fit.
Nanami: Oh! I'm definitely getting a lot of exercise in by doing this... I could lose weight!
Satoru: You gotta exercise regularly for it to take effect.
Nanami: Ugh...
Kyouhei: God forbid you did stuff like this every day. You'd probably end up with permanent back damage.
Ayase: I wish we could finish this quickly somehow, but given the size of the pool, I don't see any possible way.
Hazuki: It would be much easier if we could use vacuum cleaners instead of brooms.
Ayase: Yes. Unfortunately this isn't a simple matter of just sucking up the trash and dirt.
Mayu: Oh! I think I have an idea...
Satoru: Senpai?
Mayu: We have an ability among us that could get all this cleaning done in a jiffy!
Kyouhei: You can do something like that with your ability?
Mayu: Ah, sorry, not mine... I was talking about Nijouin-san's ability.
Hazuki: My ability, you say?
Hazuki: I see. That would indeed make the job much simpler.
*After that, Nijouin-san stretches out her arm to create a small-sized waterspout which she then moves around.*
*The area in contact with the floor is smaller than that of the broom, but on the upside, no one has to strain their legs and backs.*
*The only problem, though, is that we're essentially shoving all the work onto Nijouin-san.*
Mayu: See what I mean? We can clean the pool this way without having to use the brooms.
Mayu: The downside being that you're the only one who can do it.
Hazuki: Oh, no need to worry. This is but simple work for me.
Mayu: Well, if you're alright with it... Still, sorry for pushing this all onto you. You're doing us a huge favor.
Hazuki: In all honesty, this is far easier for me than scrubbing with the broom.
Hazuki: Alright. I will now clean the rest of the pool using my ability.
Satoru: Thanks, really. You're saving my back from more pain...
Hazuki: I'm glad to be of assistance.
Kyouhei: Let's clean up the poolside while she's doing that.
Chisaki: Yeah! That shouldn't be too much work with the brooms.
Ayase: Ah, I could gather the trash quite easily with my ability. We can do that at the very end.
Nanami: Are you sure?
Ayase: I would feel bad letting Nijouin-san do the brunt of the work...
Ayase: Quite honestly, I'd prefer to do this if it makes things easier for all of us.
Satoru: Alright... I guess we'll go with that plan. Thanks.
Ayase: My pleasure.
Ayase: Alright. Let's clean the floor first.
Satoru: Yeah.
Chisaki: The finishing line has suddenly jumped into sight! Alright, I'm ready!
Chisaki: Let's get this done, team!
Nanami: Yeaaah!
*With renewed vigor now that an end is in sight, we get back to work.*
*Sweeping the floor is still quite strenuous, but thanks to Nijouin-san's ability, it's gotten a lot easier for us.*
*To whine would be rude to her, given that she's taking care of the hardest part.*
*Everyone probably feels the same way.*
*The cleaning proceeded smoothly and we were able to get it done sooner than we thought.*
*Now all we had left to do was gather the trash.*
Ayase: Hngh!
Hazuki: The trash alone is floating, just as intended.
Nanami: I'll go collect it now.
Ayase: No, wait one moment. I'm going to gather it all in one place.
Kyouhei: Whoa. That's cool.
Chisaki: Her ability never ceases to amaze me.
Ayase: I suppose that should do. Could you all go collect it now?
Nanami: Of course.
*Nanami walks over the gathered trash and puts it all into a garbage bag.*
*With that, our pool cleaning work is finished.*
Chisaki: Wow, we're already done.
Satoru: I thought we'd be stuck here forever at first...
Kyouhei: Luckily we had Mitsukasa-san and Nijouin-san with us.
Mayu: Yeah, we owe this all to you two.
Mayu: Now I won't have to deal with sore muscles in the coming days. Thanks so much!
Hazuki: No, I did nothing worthy of praise.
Ayase: If anything, had we not used our abilities, all of us might have ended up with sore muscles.
Nanami: All we gotta now is take the trash outside and go tell someone in the faculty room that we're done, right?
Satoru: Phew. I guess the Expo Fair is truly over for us now.
Chisaki: It's a bit of a bittersweet feeling, but I had tons of fun.
Mayu: Yeah. Unfortunately, it's not really something we could keep doing.
Hazuki: Indeed... Waiting tables in a bikini was so tremendously embarrassing. The moment I think back on it... my whole face feels like it's on fire!
Hazuki: Not to say that I'm not glad it was a success, because I am.
Chisaki: Oh, I know. Why don't we throw a celebratory party?
Nanami: So, like, an after party of sorts?
Chisaki: Yeah. Remember how Ayase-senpai performed on stage as part of the closing ceremony yesterday?
Kyouhei: Oh, yeah. There was a ton of excitement.
Ayase: ......
*The moment that topic is brought up, Mitsukasa-san falls silent and makes an expression that screams "Please don't remind me of it..."*
*I don't know if she just got swept up in the excitement, or what, but she acted her part well yesterday.*
Ayase: Is everyone having a good time?
Ayase: This is going to be our last song, so put your hands in the air and make some noise!
*She was actively hyping up the crowd with a dazzling smile on her face.*
*I felt like I was looking at a true pop idol.*
*But now that the excitement has worn off and she's gone back to normal, I suppose the embarrassment really has hit her hard.*
*Even now--*
Ayase: (Stop staring at me.)
*She's glaring at me so angrily that I can practically hear her voice in my head.*
Chisaki: You did a fantastic job up there!
Ayase: Th-Thank you...
Chisaki: However, since you were the one giving everyone else a great time, you didn't really get to relax and have fun yourself.
Ayase: I appreciate your concern, Chisaki-san, but you really don't need to worry about me.
Chisaki: Oh, no need to be shy. The party's not just for you, it's to celebrate the success of our cafe in general.
Mayu: True. We had such a resounding success, so it might be worth celebrating. 
Nanami: We also managed to make a profit, right? How about we use the money for this party?
Kyouhei: Sounds good. It's not a huge amount, but it'll be more than enough for a little party among all of us.
Hazuki: Indeed, and I also think that would be a better choice than simply splitting the money.
Ayase: Well... If it's to celebrate the success of our cafe, I have no objections.
Chisaki: Sweet! We're all in agreement then! Gotta start getting things ready right away.
Mayu: Alright, so then shall we go out somewhere after get we get changed and report that we're done cleaning?
Nanami: We have seven people... What would be a good place? A karaoke bar or maybe a cheap restaurant?
Kyouhei: Err... I don't think we have the kind of money for anything like that.
Satoru: No?
Kyouhei: Well, at the end of the day, it was part of a school event. The prices we went with were half of--or probably less than half of what a normal place would charge at bare minimum.
Kyouhei: The fact that we managed to break even is already impressive enough.
Satoru: Good point.
Hazuki: Then why don't we all go shopping and hold the party in the dorm afterwards?
Ayase: I like that idea. Holding it in the dorm would be more relaxing.
Chisaki: Alright, we have a winner! Let's waste no time and get right to it!
Everyone: Yeah!
Satoru: Alright, I'll go out and get the stuff with Nanami.
Kyouhei: Thanks!
Nanami: All we need are snacks and drinks, right? Does anyone have any special requests?
Chisaki: Nope. I asked the others and they all said they didn't really care, so just pick whatever you want.
Nanami: Okay.
Kyouhei: We'll be preparing the room in the meantime, so take your time out there.
Satoru: Gotcha.
Nanami: Alright, are you ready to go?
Nanami: For drinks, I guess we can go with soft drinks and tea. And for snacks, probably chips and some other stuff... Do you have anything in mind?
Satoru: How about mini-packaged cookies? Also, maybe some stick candy? You can nibble at 'em without having to worry about getting your fingers dirty.
Satoru: We'll decide once we get there. That'll probably be easier.
Nanami: True.
Satoru: Are you excited for the party?
Nanami: Yeah, totally. I never got to experience these kind of things before coming here.
*Having such close friends is also a first for me.*
Nanami: ......
Satoru: What?
Nanami: Are you only joining us 'cause you have to?
Satoru: No, I enjoy hanging out with everyone too.
Satoru: But I've always had to keep my guard up, even when doing that.
Satoru: I guess I'm still kinda stuck in that state of mind. I can't just turn it off and enjoy myself without worrying about anything else.
Nanami: Well, I do understand that a bit.
Nanami: *sigh* I'm getting worried about you.
Satoru: Why?
Nanami: My poor brother is turning into a workaholic who can't differentiate between work and play even though he's in the height of his adolescence.
Satoru: I feel like taking my job seriously is a positive.
Nanami: The problem is that you take it "too" seriously.
Nanami: You need to be able to switch out of work mode at times and enjoy your private life. You'll never get yourself a girlfriend if you can't do that, you know.
Satoru: A girlfriend? Eh... can't say I really want one, honestly.
Nanami: What? A-Are you, um... you-know-what?
Satoru: Huh?
Nanami: Oh, come on... I'm asking if you're g-gay. Like, you're more attracted to guys than girls...
Satoru: What?! Why are you assuming I'm gay?!
Nanami: You just said you didn't want a girlfriend!
Satoru: That doesn't mean I want a boyfriend!
Satoru: I just don't see myself getting intimate with someone while I'm leading a double life. Does that make sense?!
Nanami: O-Oh... So that's what you meant.
Satoru: Yes, sheesh. How did you even get it into your head that I'm gay? I'm completely straight.
Nanami: O-Okay...
Nanami: But really, you've never seemed the least bit interested in girls to me... I know you don't want to date, but do you at least have a crush on anyone?
Satoru: Nope.
Nanami: Are you talking, like, just right now? Or do you mean never before at all?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Can't think of anyone I've ever had a crush on.
Nanami: Oh.
Satoru: And just in case you misinterpret my words again, I'm not into dudes! I've just been busy with other stuff all my life, okay?
*When I was a kid, I was a rebel and a troublemaker. Instead of chasing skirts, I chased fights.*
*After Dad adopted me, I did mellow out a fair bit... but I soon started working for the organization, and I was too busy with that to go around looking for love.*
*I'm fully aware that I'm missing out on a lot of what makes adolescence so memorable.*
*This is the path I chose, though, and I've never once regretted it.*
*However...*
Nanami: *sigh* You need to start focusing on things besides work, or you'll really regret it.
Nanami: You know, I'm not  gonna be there to take care of you forever.
Satoru: Yeah, I know. I'll see what I can do.
Nanami: You and those lazy, noncommittal replies.
Satoru: Well, why don't we talk about you then?
Nanami: Me?
Satoru: I know you don't have a boyfriend, but do you have a crush on anyone?
Nanami: Well... um...
Nanami: ......
Satoru: If you wanted, you could probably snag any guy you set your sights on.
Nanami: ......
Satoru: What?
Nanami: If you're worried about me, then how about you finally shape up so I can be free to live my own life? I'd be way too concerned to leave you at this point in time 'cause I know you're wholly incapable of living independently.
Satoru: Err... sorry. I'll try to shape up.
Nanami: By the way... I'm only speaking hypothetically here, but like...
Nanami: If I really did end up getting a boyfriend... how would you feel about that?
Satoru: I mean, if you loved the guy, I wouldn't voice any objections. Isn't that what any brother would do?
Nanami: Oh...
Satoru: There'd be no NEED for words--we'd settle it with our fists. Naturally, I'd use my astral ability.
Nanami: Isn't that a bit of a high hurdle? You'd probably just beat them black and blue.
Satoru: If a man truly loves a girl, he should be prepared to put his life on the line to protect her.
Satoru: Even if he couldn't beat me, he'd at least need to show grit and keep fighting till the bitter end.
Nanami: That mindset is way outdated... Actually, isn't it usually the father who does that?
Satoru: It's the whole family's duty.
Nanami: Yeah, whatever.
Nanami: I'm glad you're so concerned about me, but maybe you should be a little bit more concerned about yourself first?
Satoru: Yeah, err... I'll think about it.
Nanami: I don't know if you'll ever get a girlfriend with that shilly-shally attitude... The prospects seem low.
Nanami: Oh well, I guess I'll just have to keep taking care of you till you find yourself a girlfriend. I'm your sister, so that's my job. But, I'll have you know, it's a whole lot of work having such a hopeless brother like you.
Satoru: Sorry for the trouble.
*Despite the complaints she's throwing out, there's a clear smile on her face. I don't think I'm just imagining that.*
Nanami: Come on, let's go get the shopping done.
*She walks off with a visible spring to her steps.*
*It might be strange for me to be having these thoughts about my own sister, but man... she's really cute.*
*Her domestic skills are also top notch, be it cooking, cleaning, or doing laundry.*
*She may be an Astral, but I feel like, more often than not, she's met with gratitude by the people she comes across.*
Satoru: ......
*Unlike me, she has no need to work in an organization like the SFD which operates in secrecy.*
*She'd be much more suited for a normal life, in my opinion.*
*Studying for classes, hanging out with friends after school, going out together... just normal things that normal girls her age do.*
Nanami: Are you coming, Satoru-kun? I'm gonna leave you behind if you don't hurry up.
Satoru: Huh? O-Oh, yeah. Sorry.
Nanami: You're gonna get hurt if you start daydreaming in the middle of the road. What's on your mind?
Satoru: I was just thinking you really seem to be happy.
Nanami: Do I?
Satoru: Do you ever think about quitting the SFD and going back to being a regular school student?
Nanami: Are you implying that... I'm just dead weight to you?
Satoru: No, wait! That's not what I'm saying! I really couldn't get by without your ability and your smarts.
Satoru: I can think of tons of missions where I would've been screwed without you. This one we're on right now, for example.
*I would never have been able to hack into the AIMS database on my own.*
Nanami: Oh, I know. You're so tech incompetent that you're like a helpless little baby when it comes to anything tech-related.
Satoru: I can't argue with that. I'm truly thankful that I have you.
Satoru: That's not what I was trying to say though. I mean--
Nanami: Things are fine as they are. I don't want to leave you by yourself.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Well, I can't deny that I'd be pretty screwed without you.
*We've gone through this conversation several times already.*
*Both Dad and I were actually strongly opposed to Nanami joining the SFD in the first place.*
*Even so, she didn't let us sway her and joined the org as a support agent.*
Nanami: Why are you bringing this up again? You're really acting weird today.
Satoru: Seeing you so happy these past two days reminded me.
Satoru: Personality-wise, you also aren't really cut out for violence. I get a little worried that you're forcing yourself to do something you don't want to.
Nanami: You're such a worrywart...
Nanami: Or I guess overprotective is the better word? But anyways, I'm not forcing myself to do anything.
Nanami: If anything, knowing that you're out there doing dangerous work while I'm just comfortably sitting in my room would be more nerve-racking.
Satoru: I mean, I can understand that.
Nanami: Besides, you should know better than anyone. This isn't the kind of job where you can just quit whenever you want.
Satoru: Right...
Nanami: So yeah, everything's fine as it is. I'm not heartless enough to abandon my poor brother when he clearly needs me.
Nanami: Well... it'd be a different story if you considered me dead weight...
Satoru: No, I don't! I just told you--I'm incredibly thankful that I have you.
Satoru: How should I put it... I just don't want you to feel like you have to work in such a shady line of work.
Satoru: Even if you're not in the SFD, you'll still be my sister.
Nanami: Wait...
Nanami: I've been wondering why you're randomly asking me all this stuff. Do you believe I'm working in the SFD because of what happened way back when we were kids?
Satoru: ......
Nanami: I guess the fact that you're refusing to look me in the eye means yes.
Nanami: Geez, you're so overprotective... How old do you think I am? I'm perfectly capable of making my own decisions.
Nanami: I decided to join the SFD because that's what I wanted to do. I'm not the same girl I used to be. You don't need to worry about that.
Satoru: Alright, that's all I wanted to know.
Satoru: Sorry for bringing that up.
Nanami: You better be. You should worry about yourself first before worrying about me.
Nanami: I may be your sister, but I won't be your caretaker till you're an old man on your rocker.
Satoru: Well... whatever happens happens.
Nanami: You really don't care.
Satoru: Well, let's hurry up. The others are waiting on us to start the party.
Mayu: Okaaay... Nijouin-san! I nominate you to give our toast.
Hazuki: Huh?! Why must I do it?!
Mayu: Hm, because you're the dorm manager? 
Hazuki: What does that even have to do with anything?! You know I'm not good at public speaking...
*Nijouin-san must have realized it wouldn't be good to drag this out any further.*
*With a visible reluctance, she gets up slowly and runs her gaze across the faces before her.*
Hazuki: U-Umm, I would like to truly thank each and every one of you for being gracious enough to take time out of their busy schedules and assemble here on this day. Today, we are here to celebrate the outstanding success achieved at the Astral Expo Fair...
Ayase: Is this a wedding?
Chisaki: Pretty ceremonious for a toast, I agree.
Hazuki: I-I warned you that I'm not good at giving speeches!
Mayu: You don't need to be super formal. Just something nice and quick will do.
Hazuki: Really?! You should have told me that beforehand... Then I never would have had to embarrass myself like this.
Hazuki: Ahem. Alright, let us try this again.
Hazuki: Does everyone have their drink?
Ayase: Yes, we're all ready.
Hazuki: Without further ado...
Hazuki: Here's to everyone's hard work in making our cafe such a resounding success. Cheers!
Everyone: Cheers!
Mayu: *gulp* *gulp*... Ahhh! Mhhh, that really hits the spot!
Chisaki: Ohh... Someone knows how to chug, eh?
Mayu: It's been ages since I last went to a get-together with friends like this, so I just couldn't resist. *gulp* *gulp*... Ahhh!
Nanami: Err, that isn't alcohol you're drinking, is it?
Mayu: Whaaat? No, no. This is barley juice. Nothing better to start a party with!
Hazuki: You won't fool me with that flimsy excuse!
Hazuki: Drinking beer in a student dorm?! And it isn't even evening! As the dorm manager, I will not let that slide! How did you even get that in here?!
Satoru: For the record, we had nothing to do with this.
Nanami: All we bought were normal soft drinks and snacks.
Satoru: She probably already had it. I mean, this is her room we're in.
Mayu: I'll have myself a drink in here every now and then... but boy, alcohol tastes so much better when you're with others. *gulp* *gulp*... Mhh, this is the stuff!
Mayu: C'mon, what's the big deal? We're having a party here, and parties are supposed to be fun!
Hazuki: Urk... Well...
*Nijouin-san looks frowningly at the rest of us.*
*She's probably afraid of being too much of a spoilsport by putting her foot down here.*
Hazuki: *sigh* Fine. I'll turn a blind eye to this.
Mayu: Aww, thanks! You're the best, Nijouin-san.
Hazuki: However, you will stay in this room, understood? I don't want to see you roaming the halls of the campus grounds while drunk.
Mayu: Oh, I won't do that.
Mayu: I won't get drunk on a little bit of barley juice. I mean, is that even possible? Hahaha!
Ayase: Is it just my imagination or is her face already flushed red?
Mayu: *gulp*... *gulp*... Mhhh, this is soooo good!
*Kyouhei and I watch on, with drinks in hand.*
Kyouhei: The festivities begin, huh? I'm sure glad we turned a profit... or, well, just had success in general.
Satoru: Yeah, I wholeheartedly agree.
Kyouhei: And we owe it all to the water chairs and the swimsuits.
Chisaki: Whoa. You can't just forget about Nanami-chan's amazing food, Suou-senpai.
Nanami: Huh? What about me?
Kyouhei: Oh, very true. Sorry 'bout that.
Nanami: I-It's fine. It's not like it was anything special.
Ayase: No need to be humble. The food you prepared truly was fantastic.
Ayase: Even if the visual presentation was a bit unusual, we wouldn't have succeeded in attracting so many customers if the food itself was lackluster.
Nanami: But, I don't know... It's kinda embarrassing to be showered in praise for something I do regularly...
Hazuki: It's simply a testament to your skill as a chef.
Hazuki: Take pride in yourself.
Nanami: Th-Thank you.
Chisaki: Are you an expert at making just about anything?
Nanami: Certainly not anything... If it doesn't require any special cooking equipment, so like normal food you can make at home, I can probably make it as long as I have the recipe.
Chisaki: What's your specialty?
Nanami: My specialty? Hrmm, what am I best at making... good question... I don't know?
Satoru: How about gyoza? You make everything yourself, wrappers included, right?
Nanami: I don't think it's really... a result of my skill, per se...
Satoru: They come out super crispy and the filling is just amazing. Nice and juicy.
Kyouhei: Oh, wow. Sounds like you put a lot of effort into making 'em just right.
Nanami: They're pretty simple to make, really.
Ayase: Maybe so, but the sheer quantity you have to make seems like it would make it quite difficult.
Nanami: It is pretty time-consuming, but I can immerse myself in it and not get distracted. It actually helps me calm down.
Hazuki: It helps calm you down, you say?
Satoru: She used to make gyoza whenever she was upset. She'd just go in a kitchen, shut out everything, and use it as a way to vent stress.
Satoru: The more upset she was, the more gyoza she'd end up making.
Satoru: And the worst part was, if you didn't finish them all, that'd only make her even more mad.
Ayase: She must have gotten upset quite often if you've specifically remembered that she does that.
Nanami: Umm... I wasn't really THAT upset or anything.
Satoru: Usually it'd be after she had a fight with me over something, or our dad.
*She'd then walk into the kitchen all huffily, make the gyoza, and me and Dad would eat all of them.*
*That was our family's way of reconciling after a fight.*
*It's a unique form of communication to our little adopted family. After all, it can be hard sometimes when you haven't been together since birth.*
Nanami: Urk... Having all this private family stuff spilled to your friends is super embarrassing...
Chisaki: Is it? I don't think it's that weird. Every family operates differently.
Nanami: Well, I hope so.
*On that note, when Nanami brought up that she also wanted to work for the SFD after I initially joined, both Dad and I told her no.*
*She didn't like that one bit, and to vent her frustration, she made gyoza that night.*
*The gyoza continued day after day until Dad and I finally yielded.*
*If memory serves me... that gyoza hell lasted for close to two weeks.*
*Not eating them out of protest was also not option, as that only served to further fuel her anger, which, of course, resulted in an increased production of gyoza.*
*Pretty sure the whole house must've reeked of garlic during that time period.*
*All of us, too.*
*It was a test of endurance, and in the end, me and Dad lost.*
Mayu: Oh, I love me some gyoza! Now I've got a sudden craving for some. I mean, they also go well with barley juice... *gulp* *gulp*... Ahhh!
Hazuki: Are you drunk ALREADY, Shikibe-senpai?
Mayu: Oh, you're so silly! I'm not drunk at all! Hahaha!
Hazuki: Well, if you say so...
Kyouhei: Dishes like gyoza tend to differ a lot based on the person making it. Do you have your own recipe, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: It's not my own invention, but I add chicken broth. That makes them turn out juicy.
Nanami: I'm surprised, though. You still remember the gyoza, Satoru-kun?
Satoru: Obviously.
*There's no way I could ever forget them after literally eating a metric ton of them.*
Nanami: Well, all you and Dad ever say to me is "This is good."
Satoru: Well, there's no room for complaint. It's just that simple.
Chisaki: Glowing praise as always.
Satoru: I mean, in terms of pure taste, professional chefs probably make better food.
Satoru: But you season the food just the way I like it. That's why I personally love the food you make most, Nanami.
Nanami: O-Oh, thanks... Heh, ehehe.
Nanami: I appreciate the compliment, but you really worry me sometimes.
Satoru: Why so?
Nanami: Your sister complex. I'm honestly not sure if you're capable of living without me...
Satoru: Oh, please. I'm an independent man. I can live without my little sister.
Nanami: Hardly convincing when you have crumbs all over your mouth.
Satoru: Hm? Really?
Nanami: Turn your face towards me.
Satoru: Okay.
Nanami: Alright, all gone.
Satoru: Thanks.
Nanami: Oh, stay still. There's also a little bit of grease.
Satoru: Okay.
*I stay still like a good boy and let her take care of it.*
Nanami: You're good to go now.
Nanami: Make sure to wash your hands once you're done eating. Here's a wet wipe.
Nanami: Just give it back to me when you're done with it.
Nanami: Oh, your cup is empty. Oolong tea, right? Want some more?
Satoru: Sure. Thanks.
Nanami: Seriously, I can't take my eyes off you for even a moment. You really need to learn to function without me.
Everyone: *stare**gulp* *gulp*...
Nanami: Wh-What?
Chisaki: You always harp on him for being a siscon... but you're quite the brocon yourself, I think.
Nanami: Wha--?! I-I am not!
Kyouhei: Satoru might be overly attached to you, but it kinda feels like the reverse is just as true. 
Nanami: Not you too!
Hazuki: Perhaps she only accuses him of being a siscon to hide her own overly affectionate tendencies?
Ayase: It's very plausible.
Nanami: You're all wrong! I'm not attached to O-Onii-chan at all!
Chisaki: Oh, there it is.
Chisaki: You usually call him "Satoru-kun," but I've noticed that sometimes you'll switch and call him "Onii-chan"!
Nanami: Ghh?! That's just because...
Ayase: Is Satoru-kun what you use around others, with Onii-chan being what you use whenever you're alone?
Nanami: N-N-N-No, absolutely not!
Ayase: Don't worry, I'm not trying to tease you or anything. You don't have to get so worked up over it.
Chisaki: If you ask me, it's perfectly normal to call him that. He's your brother.
Hazuki: It's quite fine to be loving siblings.
Nanami: Look, alright? I always call him Satoru-kun. I used to call him Onii-chan long ago, so it's just an old habit that slips out from time to time...
Nanami: I'm NOT a brocon, I swear!
Satoru: And I'm not a siscon.
Chisaki: They react in unison.
Kyouhei: Usually fervent denial is an admission of truth, more than anything.
Nanami: I only wiped off the crumbs because it looks messy. It's not like I, umm, you know...
Mayu: Alrighty! This time it's my turn to take care of little ole Satoru-kun!
Satoru: Huh? What are you--
Satoru: Hey! Senpai?!
Mayu: *giggle* Aww, who's a good boy?
Nanami: Wha--!
Chisaki: Whoa! His face is right in there.
*She puts my face in her bosom like she did that one time, and gently rubs my head.*
*Her face is flushed red and she's acting oddly jolly.*
*If she's acting this lightheaded it can only mean one thing: she's drunk off her ass right now!*
Satoru: Can't get drunk off barley juice, eh?!
Mayu: Oh, I'm not drunk, silly! Not one biiiit! *giggle* Hahaha!
Satoru: Says every drunk person, ever!
Hazuki: When did she down that much alcohol?
Satoru: Last I looked, she was still on her first can!
Mayu: Alright, alright. Don't raise a fuss now. Just calm down and be a good boy. There, there.
Mayu: You're just soooo cute, Satoru-kun.
*She proceeds to push my head down even stronger.*
*Consequently, I can feel more of her breasts... Man, this is really amazing.*
Nanami: ......
Mayu: I'm gonna take reaaal good care of you.
Satoru: Yes, I'm sure you are. Thank you. So can you please let me go now?
Mayu: Mhh... hmhm, hmhmhmhmhm!
*I doubt she even hears me. All I get for a response is her goofy snickering.*
Satoru: (I guess I'm stuck here.)
*I find myself at a loss for what to do, but thankfully, Nanami takes quick action.*
*She wedges her slender arms inbetween me and Senpai, and applies a bit of force.*
Nanami: Let! Him! Go!
Mayu: Aww goodness... Satoru-kun's been pried away from me. *hic*
Nanami: I think you need some water right now, Shikibe-senpai.
Mayu: Oh, thank you, Nanami-chan! *gulp*... *gulp*... Ahh, so cold and refreshing! That really hit the spot.
Nanami: I swear... You're such a perv.
Satoru: Hey, I was a victim.
Nanami: Yeah, the victim who gleefully sat there with his face between a girl's boobs.
Satoru: Look, alright? I just figured that if I tried too hard to resist, someone might get hurt.
Nanami: Huh. I could've sworn I saw a big, goofy grin on your face.
Satoru: You didn't see anything.
Nanami: Hmph. I sure didn't.
Chisaki: Hrmm.
Kyouhei: Senpai, I think you might wanna go a little slower.
Mayu: Hmm... Am I drinking too much? Maybe I am.
Mayu: It's been so, sooo long since I last enjoyed a get-together like this, so I guess I got a little carried away. I feel like I'm flying right now! *giggle*
Ayase: That is probably because you are drunk.
Hazuki: You really ought to drink some more water, Senpai!
Mayu: Oh, you guys are totally just worrying too much. This is a party here! You all gotta get excited and have fun too!
Mayu: Time for another toast! Oh would ya look at that--my cup's empty! Let's pour in some more of that good ole barley juiiice!
Hazuki: No, you're being cut off! Only normal juice for you from now on.
Mayu: Aww, whaaat? *hic* You're no fun.
Hazuki: This is not a matter of "fun." I'm doing this for your own sake.
Kyouhei: I agree. I don't even wanna imagine what would happen if she kept drinking. She's already hammered from one can...
Mayu: Welp, guess I'll have to settle for water... Raise your glasses, everyone!
Mayu: Alright, cheeeeeeeers!
Everyone: Cheers!
*Our party resumes after the clanking of our glasses.*
*We exchange friendly banter, teasing, and at times we end up tending to the drunken Mayu-senpai...*
*All in all, it's just lighthearted fun.*
*And I find myself really enjoying this atmosphere here with all my friends.*
Satoru: (Man, I really realize now. My life used to be seriously dreary.)
*Also...*
Nanami: Ahaha. No way, Chisaki-chan.
*This is the first time I've seen Nanami have so much fun hanging out with friends, like a normal girl her age.*
*The way she's smiling and laughing is a bit different to how she acts around her family.*
Satoru: ......
Nanami: What is it, Satoru-kun?
Satoru: Oh, nothing.
*She and I have both been through a lot in life... but I'm glad we ended up Kikka Academy.*
*It's really done so much for the both of us.*
*That's the thought I have when I watch Nanami smile like this.*
*As it turns out, time truly does fly when you're having fun.*
*By the time Mayu-senpai finally managed to sober up, the sun was beginning to set.*
Hazuki: Ah, this late already?
Kyouhei: Oh, wow. I didn't realize we'd been here that long.
Ayase: We might want to end our party soon.
Kyouhei: Yeah. We'll have to go back to our rooms sooner or later.
Chisaki: It's a bit of a sad feeling, but we've closed out the fair on a good note, I think.
Chisaki: It was a fantastic experience, from start to finish. Thanks a lot, everyone!
Ayase: Oh no, thank you. We would have really struggled with the waiting without your wisdom and guidance.
Chisaki: I'm glad I was able to contribute in a meaningful way.
Mayu: Alright, then I think it's time for our closing remarks... Nijouin-san! Are you up for it?
Hazuki: I have to again?!
Mayu: You're the one who made the first toast, so you should be the one to wrap the party up. That'd be the most fitting option, in my opinion... Do you not want to?
Hazuki: Well... as long as I can keep it simple.
Mayu: Mhm, of course.
Hazuki: Without further ado, then... The conclusion of this party also marks the conclusion of the Expo Fair for all of us.
Hazuki: Hopefully we can all get together next year and do something like this again.
Hazuki: Thank you, truly! It was a wonderful time!
Everyone: Thank you!
Mayu: You said you're bad at speeches, Nijouin-san, but that wasn't too shabby there.
Hazuki: Th-Thank you very much. Well, I was only able to keep composure because I'm among friends and only had to say a sentence or two.
Mayu: Hrmm... if I want to do this again with you guys next year, I guess I'd have to repeat the year.
Hazuki: Ah! I didn't realize that.
Hazuki: I wasn't suggesting you do that, per se! Though, if all possible, it would be lovely to have you join us, but still--
Mayu: Oh, I was just playing. I knew what you meant.
Mayu: Just wanted to poke a little fun at ya.
*Maybe she isn't fully sober yet...*
Hazuki: Nghhh... See, I told you that I was bad at public speaking.
Mayu: I'm really just teasing you. You did great.
Hazuki: Well, alright... But please try to have mercy on me.
Mayu: *giggle* Sorry.
Ayase: Alright, let's clean up.
Nanami: Yeah.
Mayu: Oh, I can do that by myself.
Hazuki: I'd feel rather bad if we simply used your room and then left without helping.
Kyouhei: Yeah, that'd be wrong.
Chisaki: The clean-up is our way of thanking you for letting us use your room!
Satoru: We'll get it done in a jiffy if we all do it together.
Mayu: Alright... Would you guys be kind enough to help me out?
*We picked up and threw away all the cups and snacks.*
*After taking care of the trash, we also did a quick cleaning of the floor.*
*Once all that was over with, our party approached its end.*
*.........*
*......*
*...*
Chisaki: Phew. That was so much fun.
Nanami: Yeah, getting together with everyone and hanging out was tons of fun.
Chisaki: And we also got to see a few rather interesting sights!
Nanami: What are you talking about?
Chisaki: Well, we got to see Shikibe-senpai drunk, and then Arihara-senpai all flustered as she tried to give him a big ole hug.
Chisaki: We also got to see all the things you do for him, like wiping his mouth!
Nanami: Ugh?!
Chisaki: You're such a devoted little sister.
Nanami: Don't get the wrong idea, please! That's not an all-the-time thing!
Chisaki: Alright, alright. If you say so.
Nanami: You totally don't believe me, do you...
Chisaki: I mean, you do love him, don't you?
Nanami: Pffft?! *cough* *cough*!
Chisaki: Whoa, oh gosh?! Are you okay, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: N-No, I'm not... *cough* *cough*... Thanks to you making such a weird remark.
Chisaki: Don't you love him? I'd say it's pretty obvious you do.
Nanami: Well, yeah... I do... but strictly as family.
Nanami: I only look after him because it's my responsibility to as his little sister. That's all there is to it.
Chisaki: I can't decide whether you're just too embarrassed to admit it or if you really aren't aware.
Chisaki: Right, I know how it goes. At first, it was just "taking care of him," but soon enough, your heart began to ache whenever you thought of him... No, I can't! We're siblings!
Chisaki: Tormented by those taboo feelings, the little sister's feelings only grew stronger with time... I know it's wrong, but I can't help it! I love him!
Chisaki: The brother, oblivious to his sister's affections, continued to get closer with another girl. Then finally, one day, her feelings erupt!
Chisaki: Onii-chan, move out of the way! I have to kill her!
Nanami: You think this is funny, don't you...
Chisaki: Ahaha... Sorry, I got a little carried away there. I apologize.
Nanami: Mhm.
Chisaki: But that is the impression I get from you two.
Nanami: Huh?
Chisaki: I really do wonder if maybe you actually do love him. Oh, not as family. I'm talking about in a romantic sense here.
Nanami: Oh, don't be silly. I mean, come on, this is Satoru-kun we're talking about here. Have you SEEN him?
Chisaki: Yeah? I think he's pretty handsome.
Nanami: He's the biggest lazybones ever at home. I legitimately had to wake him up every day.
Nanami: I've been witness to his faults for years upon years, at this point... There's no way I'd actually, like... fall for him, like you're thinking.
Chisaki: Really?
Nanami: Really. It's hardly even a question. I know for a fact that I'm--
Nanami: I'm TOTALLY in love with him...
*I didn't need Chisaki-chan to point it out for me. I'm very much aware of it, trust me.*
*It's nothing new for me... I've been in love with him since we even came to this school.*
Nanami: Urk... and I was trying so hard to ignore it...
*This all happened as a result of what Chisaki-chan said to me earlier in the bath.*
*These feelings I've kept sealed tight within my chest are pouring out like water bursting through a dam.*
*These feelings of love and affection... are flowing out in full force.*
*I always told myself I'd be satisfied as long as I got to be with him.*
*He was never one to have many friends... and especially not among girls.*
*However, that's changed for him over the course of living here at Kikka Academy.*
*He's good friends with Ayase-senpai, Nijouin-san, Shikibe-senpai, and even Chisaki-chan. *
Nanami: I know it's good that he's finally making friends, and I want to encourage him.
*I was always prepared for the day when someone else would take my place by his side.*
Nanami: Or so I thought...
*The sight of him getting hugged by Shikibe-senpai earlier... I really did not like that.*
*Of course, I have nothing against Shikibe-senpai herself.*
*It's just that... I couldn't help but feel irrationally angry at Satoru-kun getting all touchy-feely with another girl.*
Nanami: *sigh* We're siblings, though.
*He is my brother, and I'm his sister.*
*Sure, that's only on paper. We're not actually blood-related or anything, so we could technically get married legally.*
*I'm aware of that. And I believe he is as well.*
*Still, though...*
Nanami: I'm still just a little sister in his eyes.
*When we first met, he and I were completely strangers.*
*It took a lot of work, but eventually we became family... We became brother and sister.*
*I doubt our relationship would have gotten to the point it is now if he registered me in his mind as a member of the opposite sex.*
*In all honesty, I was super happy back then that he'd accepted me as his sister.*
*I don't regret that happening, of course... but it's just a tad frustrating for me right now.*
Nanami: Would he have fallen for me if I weren't his sister?
*Since I'm his sister, I don't ever have to worry about him leaving me.*
*We're family, so he'll always be a part of my life.*
*It doesn't matter if I'm only his sister. I'm fine with that.*
*If he gets a girlfriend, I'll congratulate him and give their relationship my blessing as his sister.*
Nanami: That's what I always told myself... but now, I'm not so sure.
*If he'd only gotten himself a girlfriend instead of dawdling around... I'm sure it never would have come to this point.*
*I would have been able to accept it, just like I'd always told myself I would.*
*I think so... at least.*
*I would've been genuinely happy for him.*
*Yeah, probably. Most likely I would've been happy... I think... or so I'd like to think.*
Nanami: But urgh, seeing him flirt around like that... it makes my chest feel all tight!
*In all fairness... it's not like they're actually going out.*
*Because of that, a faint hope wells up within me. I still have a chance.*
Nanami: We're brother and sister, though... *sigh*... If only I didn't have to worry about this obstacle...
Nanami: Oh, but wait. If we weren't siblings, we wouldn't have even met in the first place.
Nanami: ......
Nanami: What should I do about this, Onii-chan?
*I feel so incredibly restless and my heart won't stop aching.*
*Maybe I should just tell him how I feel and get it over with?*
Nanami: But then I'd have to say goodbye to him being my brother.
*Regardless of whether he rejects me or not, there's no way our relationship would remain that of normal siblings.*
Nanami: Honestly, if I had the courage to confess, I wouldn't be agonizing so much over this. I guess this is just what happens when you're torn between two conflicting emotions...
Nanami: Oh, great... How am I supposed to face him from now on?
================================================================================
Satoru: Mh, mhhhh...
*Having woken up at the regular time, I slowly raise my body.*
*It's another sunny day and I'm feeling good.*
*I guess that goes to show that my body is now fully acclimated to life here.*
*There is no lingering drowsiness; I feel refreshed and wide awake.*
Satoru: Alright. Time to go jogging.
Satoru: *pant* *pant* *pant*
Hazuki: *pant* *pant* *pant*
Satoru: *pant* *pant* *pant* Phew...
Satoru: Alright, I think that's good enough.
Hazuki: *pant* *pant* You never cease to amaze me.
Satoru: Hm? How so?
Hazuki: You aren't out of breath even after such prolonged running.
Satoru: Well, it's the same distance we always do, and it's not like we were running really fast or anything.
Satoru: You don't seem very exhausted either.
Hazuki: I am quite out of breath, though.
Hazuki: I was actually quite confident in my stamina... It's a bit vexing, to be honest.
*Must be a result of the training I went through when I started working in the SFD.*
*I'd experienced my fair share of brawls as a child, which gave me confidence in my physical prowess, but that confidence was shattered to pieces almost instantly.*
*Man, that was some rough training...*
Satoru: No need to feel bad about it. It's not like we're having a competition here or anything.
Hazuki: I know, but seeing you run the very same distance and being completely unaffected is just a tiny bit upsetting.
Satoru: Well, we were running at my usual pace, and that might've played a big role. Let's run at your pace next time.
Satoru: Who knows, maybe the roles will be reversed if we do that?
Hazuki: ......
Hazuki: I must say, you have the perfect reply ready in any given situation.
Satoru: You think?
Hazuki: I suppose having a sister like Nanami-kun must help you learn to maintain composure at all times?
Satoru: Can't say I'm really aware of it myself...
*If I was still the troublemaker I was as a kid, I wouldn't be here attending Kikka Academy like I am now.*
*The person who largely helped me grow out of that phase and mature as a person was my dad, who adopted me.*
*And without a doubt Nanami too. She was always by my side.*
Satoru: Actually... Now that I think about it, you may be right.
Satoru: If I come across as calm and composed, I likely owe that to my family.
Satoru: It's a bit embarrassing to admit, but I used to be really rowdy, like a stray dog.
*I vented my frustration on everyone and everything around me; that was all I knew. I was constantly looking to jump down people's throats.*
Satoru: Nanami was the one who tamed me, I guess you could say.
Hazuki: That's a rather dramatic way of describing it.
Satoru: Yeah?
*I recollect the words I just said.*
Satoru: If I come across as calm and composed, I likely owe that to my family.
Satoru: It's a bit embarrassing to admit, but I used to be really rowdy, like a stray dog.
Satoru: Nanami was the one who tamed me, I guess you could say.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Ah, crap! Did I really blurt out something that embarrassing?!
Hazuki: *giggle* I thought you were merely embellishing it, but I now see you were speaking from the heart.
Satoru: Forget everything I just told you.
Hazuki: How could I? I could sense the deep affection you hold for your younger sister exuding from those words.
Hazuki: Love and gratitude and truly wonderful feelings. Mhm.
Satoru: Well, I guess it's fine if you don't think it's weird or anything...
Hazuki: Essentially, what this means is... she's so precious to you that you end up describing your relationship in such an overly sentimental manner without quite realizing it.
Satoru: You DO think it's weird!
Hazuki: Hahaha. Oh, hardly. I understand full well how important Nanami-kun is to you. You have no reason to feel embarrassed about that.
Hazuki: In fact, I believe I ought to relay those words to her as well. She'd be delighted to know how you feel about her.
Satoru: Please, don't! I'm begging you!
Satoru: She'll make fun of me nonstop! Creepy, stupid, this and that--I'll never hear the end of it.
Hazuki: I don't believe she would belittle your sincere feelings like that.
Satoru: Seriously, please don't tell her.
Hazuki: I won't tell her; you needn't worry. I'm hardly that mean-spirited.
Satoru: Thanks...
Hazuki: Hm? Speak of the devil...
*Right as we return from our jog, we spot Nanami walking down.*
Satoru: Hm?
*She looks a little glum.*
*Wait, her face seems pale too.*
Nanami: *sigh*
Hazuki: Nanami-kun.
Nanami: Huh? Oh, hi, Nijouin-senpai.
Nanami: And... Satoru-kun?!
Satoru: Everything alright? You don't look too good.
Nanami: Do I, um, really seem that bad?
Satoru: Doesn't she, Nijouin-san?
Hazuki: Yes. Are you really okay? You shouldn't overexert yourself if you aren't feeling well.
Nanami: I'm fine. I've just been having trouble sleeping these past few days.
Hazuki: Even so, I would not make light of sleep deprivation.
Hazuki: It can cripple both your physical and mental health.
Nanami: Okay. I'll take care.
Hazuki: What is the reason for your lack of sleep, if you don't mind my asking? If there's anything troubling you, I'd be glad to lend you an ear.
Nanami: Thank you. I appreciate the thought, but I'll be fine.
Nanami: It's not anything serious, so um, please don't worry about it.
Hazuki: Alright. Still, if you'd ever like some help, be it with this or something else, I'm always available.
Nanami: Thank you, Nijouin-senpai.
Satoru: Yeah, I doubt it's anything serious enough she'd need counseling for.
Satoru: Let me guess, you went to sleep on an empty stomach or something and spent the night agonizing over whether to get out of bed and eat something or not?
Nanami: Nrghhh... This is all your fault, you know...
Satoru: What did I do?
Nanami: You know! You just, you just...
Satoru: What?
Nanami: Nevermind.
Satoru: You can't just leave me hanging after that. It's gonna bother me like crazy now.
Nanami: Just forget I said anything. Anyway, moving along... ahem.
Nanami: What are you two doing together so early in the morning?
Satoru: Didn't I mention my morning jogs to you before? We were out doing that.
Nanami: You were jogging with Nijouin-senpai?
Hazuki: I also like physical exercise.
Hazuki: However, there is simply no one else who does exercise in the mornings for fun.
Hazuki: Running with another person is more enjoyable than doing it alone, so whenever it works out timing-wise, I join Arihara-kun.
Nanami: Oh, okay.
Nanami: (So it wasn't just yesterday... Satoru-kun's getting chummy with the other girls behind my back.)
Nanami: (I am glad that he's spending time with his friends.)
Nanami: (I am, but urgh... My chest's getting all tight like it was yesterday... I can't stop it!)
Satoru: ......
Satoru: You really are acting weird. Why don't you take the day off and rest up in your room?
Satoru: I can inform your teacher for you.
Hazuki: Right. I agree that it would be best to rest now before the problem worsens.
Nanami: Believe me, I'm not trying to be stubborn about it.
Nanami: I'm a bit sleepy, but that's it. I feel fine otherwise.
Hazuki: Alright. That's reassuring; but do promise me that you won't overexert yourself.
Nanami: Of course, I won't. Thanks.
Nanami: By the way, don't you need to get changed and ready for school?
Hazuki: Right. I'll be heading to my room then.
Hazuki: Thanks for jogging with me, Arihara-kun.
Satoru: Sure. Catch you in class later.
Satoru: So are you really okay?
Nanami: Yes, that's what I've been saying. I'm really telling the truth.
Satoru: Alright.
Nanami: You're such a worrywart, Satoru-kun... Ehehe.
Satoru: It's only natural for a brother to worry about his little sister.
Satoru: Oh, I almost forgot...
*I quickly scan the room. No one here but us.*
*Alright. We should be able to discuss this.*
Nanami: Hm?
*I bring my face closer and whisper into her ear.*
Satoru: (We got a new mission.)
Nanami: Ah!
Satoru: If you aren't feeling too well, I can ask to push it back to another day.
Nanami: No, I'm really alright. I promise.
Satoru: ......
Nanami: ......
*If she lied about this and ended up making a blunder during the mission because of it, she would not only create problems for me but for the SFD as a whole.*
*She no doubt understands that.*
*So with that taken into consideration, it should be safe to take her word for it.*
Satoru: Okay. Tonight it is then.
Nanami: Mhm. I'll get everything ready.
Nanami: So what does he want us to do?
Satoru: Just the same old same old: get into the AIMS database and check something.
Satoru: I'll take you to the lab room like always and then it's gonna be all you.
Nanami: Alright.
Nanami: What are we looking up exactly?
Satoru: Everything they have on file for a man named "Kamon Toshiyuki."
Ryuunosuke: "Concerning the fellas from the anti-astron organization; we haven't be able to capture all of them yet."
Ryuunosuke: "There are still three stragglers out there and they're giving us a bit of a hard time."
Ryuunosuke: "We've managed to figure out that they're hiding within Washizu Research City, apparently, but nothing more than that..."
Satoru: Did they flee here?
Ryuunosuke: "Nope. As it turns out, they've been lurking there for some time for some sort of mission."
Ryuunosuke: "The information we have is outdated. They probably changed their names and backgrounds, potentially even their faces."
Ryuunosuke: "It isn't known whether they're still hanging out in Washizu, or if they've moved elsewhere, but all we can do is follow the clues we have at the moment."
Satoru: Who is this Kamon Toshiyuki person then?
Ryuunosuke: "The guy doesn't seem to be part of the organization itself, but it looks like there's a connection."
Ryuunosuke: "He might be an information broker or supplier... He's also actively dabbling in illegal activities, so he obviously isn't gonna talk this easily."
Ryuunosuke: "In all likelihood, he won't surrender without a fight."
Ryuunosuke: "If we want to keep our agents safe, we need to know all we can about his astral ability beforehand."
Ryuunosuke: "Even if it's not combat-oriented, it'd be bad if it was something that let him escape easily. So get into the database and find out for us."
Satoru: Got it.
Satoru: So yeah, that's the gist of it.
Nanami: Wait... Doesn't that mean that they might try to attack Ayase-senpai again as a final act of retribution?
Satoru: I guess we can't rule the possibility out entirely, but I'd say it's unlikely.
*I see little reason for them to go after Mitsukasa-san at this point in time.*
*Their organization has already lost their backing, so logically, you'd assume that they'd keep a low profile.*
*Although people do sometimes tend to act irrationally when driven into a corner.*
Satoru: Which is why we gotta snag them as fast as we can.
Nanami: Ah!
*She stares at me in bewilderment for a brief second as I hold my hand out to her.*
Satoru: What's wrong? Come on.
Nanami: Y-Yeah, sorry.
*After urging her on, she then grasps my hand back.*
Nanami: ......
Satoru: Are you feeling sick?
Nanami: No, I'm fine!
Nanami: Sorry for worrying you, but it's not something serious enough that it'd impede the mission.
Satoru: Alright.
Nanami: Are you ready?
Satoru: Yeah.
*I pull her hand and bring her closer to me as we sneak through the night.*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Doesn't seem like we've been seen.
Nanami: The security systems haven't detected anything unusual either.
Satoru: Good. Then let's make a beeline for the lab room.
Nanami: Mhm.
Satoru: Alright. We're in.
Nanami: Still no signs that we've been noticed.
Satoru: Perfect. Time for you to do your thing.
Nanami: Alright. Just give me a sec.
*Nanami proceeds to hack into the AIMS database like we've done countless times prior.*
*Unfortunately with tech stuff, there's nothing I can help with.*
*Accordingly, I stand silently, watching her work her magic while staying on the lookout for anyone approaching the lab. *
Nanami: ......
Satoru: ......
Nanami: Urk... ngh...
Satoru: ......
Nanami: Look, um... It's hard for me to focus when you're staring at me like that.
Satoru: Really? This is what I always do when we come here.
Satoru: But I'll stop if you want me to.
Nanami: I'll tell you as soon as I'm in.
Satoru: Gotcha.
*I step back and move over to the window to keep an eye on what's happening outside.*
Satoru: ......
*Like we thought, they don't seem to have noticed us. There's nothing out of the ordinary going on.*
*The security people are patrolling the campus in pairs.*
*Luckily for us, they don't ever enter the school building itself since it's protected by a security system.*
*All those people are in charge of is monitoring the campus. It's probably safe to assume that they hardly ever even look up.*
*That being said, there's no reason for us to take unnecessary risks.*
*Making sure I remain well-hidden from my position near the window, I wait for Nanami's signal.*
Satoru: Hm?
*All of a sudden, I notice a small light approaching the school building.*
*One of the security guards? No, that wouldn't make sense.*
*Considering the time, it can't be a student either, in which case... A teacher coming to the faculty room?*
Satoru: Are you almost done, Nanami?
Nanami: Yeah, almost...
Nanami: Why do you ask? Do we have a problem on our hands?
Satoru: I haven't figured out who or why.
Satoru: But someone just entered the building.
Nanami: What?!
Nanami: Ah! That means the school building's security has been partially disabled!
Satoru: Hurry if you can. We need to be prepared even in the unlikely event that they come to this room.
Nanami: Alright, got it. "Kamon Toshiyuki" was the name, right?
Satoru: Yeah.
Nanami: Umm... Ah, there we go. I found him.
*Kamon Toshiyuki. Male. 28 years old. It would appear he's been involved in some rather... shady dealings, to put it mildly.*
*Not that I'm one to talk.*
*The log data reveals that the police records have been updated multiple times.*
*His Astral ability is clairvoyance, so he's able to view things over large distances.*
*Doesn't seem like an ability that would pose any problems for us.*
*Then again, he could catch on to our raid in advance and use the time to flee.*
*I make sure to also store all other data in my memory, such as his address among other things.*
Satoru: Alright, I got everything we need. Ready to pull out whenever you are.
Nanami: I-I'm ready!
Satoru: Try not to panic too hard and leave behind any footprints.
Nanami: You don't have to tell me that.
*After returning the tablet to Nanami, I move over to the door rather than the window this time.*
*I sharpen my senses with my ability and listen for any sounds out in the hallway.*
Satoru: ......
Male Voice: Man, I sure don't envy you. Having to come back to school this late at night must be awful.
Female Voice: I apologize for the trouble.
*Looks like I was right to be cautious.*
*People are approaching.*
Male Voice: Oh no, it's no trouble for us. This is part of the job, ma'am.
Male Voice: I didn't mean to sound sarcastic earlier, if I did. I was just making a little comment.
Female Voice: Thank you for your concern. However, this isn't related to my teacher duties.
Female Voice: I have to take care of some things for my research.
*The male definitely belongs to a security guard. In addition, there seems to be a woman accompanying him.*
*The voice sounds familiar... I think it's Kakimoto-sensei.*
Security A: That's not an easy job. Not only do you have your teaching to do, you also work on research.
Kaori: It certainly isn't easy, but there simply is no better place to conduct astron research than here.
Kaori: Also, the research work also means that us teachers' work is being kept lower in compensation when compared to other educational institutions.
Kaori: The only reason I'm here at this hour is because I want to get to a good stopping point for the day. I assure you I'm here by choice.
Security A: So, you said you forgot something at school?
Kaori: Yes. I need to retrieve certain papers that I had lent to a student earlier.
Kaori: When I called her, she informed me that they were inside her lab and gave me permission to enter and retrieve them.
Satoru: Oh, shit... They're coming here.
Nanami: Seriously?! Oh god oh god oh god!
Satoru: Are you done?
Nanami: Almost there, almost there... Okay, I'm done!
*Leaving through the door now would be way too dangerous.*
*Do we escape through the window then? Wait, then the window would be open and that'd--Dammit, we're out of time!*
Satoru: We'll hide.
Nanami: B-But where?
Satoru: Shh. Don't make any sounds.
Nanami: Huh?
*I pull her into my arms and hide behind a shelf.*
*Not a second later, the door unlocks and the two people walk inside.*
Satoru: ......
Kaori: Hm?
Security A: Something wrong, ma'am?
Kaori: Oh, no... I just thought I saw a shadow.
Security A: A shadow?
*Upon hearing that, the security guy starts looking around.*
*After slowly wandering his eyes over every inch of the room...*
Security A: I don't see anything.
Kaori: It must have been my imagination then... Or perhaps it was a ghost?
Security A: Oh, please. Don't scare me like that. It's already eerie enough inside a school building at night as is.
Kaori: My apologies, it was a light joke. It must have only seemed like something was there to me because of the sudden introduction of light.
Satoru: ......
*Phew, looks like we're in the clear.*
*Thank goodness for our uniforms' stealth function.*
Nanami: ......
Satoru: ......
*Holding Nanami tight in my arms, I heave a sigh of relief inside my mind.*
Security A: Where are those papers you needed?
Kaori: She said they were on her desk...
*Going by what I've overheard, it should be safe to assume that they'll be gone in a matter of minutes.*
*We'll have to keep still and hush our breaths as much as possible until then.*
Nanami: ......
*From the looks of it, Nanami doesn't need me to remind her of that.*
*She's frozen up in my arms like a stone statue.*
Satoru: (I'm surprised. For a support agent, she has some real grit.)
Satoru: (I thought she'd get a little bit more flustered... but yeah. I think we're gonna be fine.)
Nanami: ......
Nanami: Ahhhhhhhh?!
Nanami: (Wh-Wh-Wha-Wha-Wha-Wha-Whaaaaaaaaaa--?!)
Nanami: (What what what is going on?! Why is Satoru-kun embracing me?!)
Satoru: ......
Nanami: (Nghhhh! I can feel... his body! His short breaths are tickling my ears... And I can SMELL him!)
Nanami: (He's way, way, way, way, way too clooooooose!)
*Once my mind has processed what happened, I try to pull away instinctively.*
Nanami: (No, wait, I can't do that right now--!)
*Even though I understand that on a rational level, I'm unable to stop my body now that I've set it into motion, which results in--*
Satoru: Hngh!
Nanami: Nghhh?!
*Satoru-kun must've reacted to it.*
*To stop me from jerking away, he embraces my body even tighter.*
Nanami: (Eek?! He's even CLOSER now... Oh my god oh my god! H-He's gonna feel my heartbeat.)
Nanami: (He might... find out how much my heart's racing right now!)
Nanami: (But I can't do anything about that right now...)
Kaori: Sorry for taking up your time. There is one more paper I'm looking for, but I can't seem to locate it.
Security A: Oh, no worries. This is all part of the job for me.
Security A: All I'd be doing otherwise is walking 'round the campus, so feel free to take all the time you need.
Nanami: (Please! Please, hurry! He's totally gonna notice any second now!)
Nanami: (He'll notice my heart racing... and realize I'm freaking out 'cause he's hugging me.)
Nanami: (I know this really isn't the time to worry about these things! But he's just holding me so tightly, I can't...)
*My whole body is on fire. This has nothing to do with the physical warmth from our bodies being pressed up against each other... It's like my chest has been set ablaze.*
*My entire face is red, from ear to ear.*
*I-If he sees, he's definitely gonna know why I'm blushing!*
Nanami: (Wait, how do I know he hasn't already?)
Satoru: ......
*I can tell how tense Satoru-kun is. His body's as stiff as a board.*
*We really are glued together right now... Glued... together...*
Nanami: (Ahhh! Stop thinking about these things, Nanami! Now's not the time!)
Nanami: (O-Oh, right. There's nothing weird about getting nervous in a situation like this... No, you might even say it's NORMAL to.)
*I mean, Satoru-kun's super nervous too.*
*So, honestly, I don't need to worry about him noticing. Right?*
Nanami: (Actually, I might use this chance to... get a little closer.)
Nanami: (O-Onii-chan...)
*I wrap my arms around his back and hold him tight.*
*His shoulders are so broad.*
*I always thought he was on the slender side as far as guys go... but it's still pretty big.*
*Firm, too... He feels so strong.*
Nanami: (Ahhh!)
*My body, already terribly hot, begins heating up even more.*
Nanami: (I'll go crazy, at this rate... No, I think I already have.)
*I just know I'm no longer capable of reason at this point. This boiling heat even seems to sear my brain.*
*So I abandon myself to this mind-numbing desire and press my body against him more strongly.*
Nanami: (I love you... There's no denying it... I just love you, Onii-chan.)
Nanami: (I love you romantically... I love you so much... Onii-chan.)
*I can tell Nanami's anxious.*
*She tightens her grip around my back further and presses herself against me strongly.*
*Hoping to ease her fears, I embrace her back.*
Satoru: ......
Kaori: Oh, I found it. This is the one.
Security A: Is that everything?
Kaori: Yes. I'm very sorry for the holdup.
Security A: Okay, let's get going then. Don't wanna stay out too late or you'll be tired come tomorrow morning.
Kaori: Thank you for your thoughtfulness.
Satoru: ......
*They open the door and promptly exit the room.*
*However, just to be on the safe side, I don't move yet.*
*I prick my ears and listen to the sounds in the hallway... They seem to be moving away from us.*
Satoru: Okay, looks like they're gone.
Satoru: You can relax now, Nanami.
Nanami: *pant* *pant*
Satoru: You listening, Nanami?
Nanami: Mhm... What is it?
Satoru: They left. We're all clear now, so you can relax.
Nanami: Oh, okay Thank goodness they didn't notice us... *pant* *pant*
*I loosen my hold on her and let her go.*
*However, her arms still remaining latched to my back. I guess she must've really been frightened.*
*She doesn't move an inch away from me.*
Satoru: ......
*She has such a small and slender frame.*
*I never really made any special note of it in the past, but Nanami is a girl, I can't forget.*
*Even with her outfit on, her distinctly feminine curves are very visible.*
Satoru: (Man, she's so soft and warm.)
Satoru: (This is nothing like a guy's body; ours are all stiff and hard. But the biggest difference is definitely her boobs. They're smooshed right up against my chest...)
Satoru: (I noticed this when we went swimsuit shopping that one time, but damn... She's really got a big rack for someone as petite as she is.)
Satoru: (Wait, what am I thinking?! She's my sister! Being a siscon is bad enough, but now I sound like I just plain want to bone my sister!)
Satoru: Mh... *cough*
Satoru: We're safe now, Nanami. You can relax.
Nanami: Huh? Oh, yeah... right.
*Very slowly, she draws her body away from me.*
Nanami: *pant* *pant* *pant*
*Her face looks a little... different.*
*Is that a sign of the relief, or what?*
*Her cheeks are flushed red and her lips slightly parted. On top of that, her eyes are moist.*
Satoru: ......
*Nanami's always been my darling little sister.*
*But, as I look at her right now, the only thing I can think is... Damn, she's hot.*
*She's registering as a woman in my mind, and it's entirely due to that expression on her face.*
Satoru: ......
*My heart is now pounding for a wholly different reason than it was a few minutes ago.*
Satoru: (Agh, what am I thinking?! What kind of creep gets sexual thoughts when looking at their sister?!)
Nanami: *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*
Satoru: Whoa, Nanami... Are you okay?
Nanami: Y-Yeah, I'm fine. The smell and warmth kinda... fried my brain for a bit.
Satoru: What?
Nanami: Ah... Nevermind. Just forget about that.
Nanami: I'm okay, I promise.
Satoru: Alright.
Nanami: Are you ready? They're gone now, so we can leave.
Satoru: What about the security system?
Nanami: Umm... Oh, looks like it's still disabled.
Satoru: Let's wait until they reactivate it then.
Nanami: Yeah, we probably should.
*Feigning composure so I don't betray my agitation to her, I peer outside from next to the window.*
*As I'm staring into the darkness of the night, my heart gradually begins to settle.*
Satoru: ......
*I throw a cursory glance towards her.*
Nanami: *sigh* I think I've calmed down now.
*Her eyes are glued to her tablet; she doesn't seem concerned with what I'm doing at all.*
Satoru: (Doesn't seem like she noticed how flustered I got. Good.)
*If she found out that I was having horny thoughts while looking at my own sister, she'd be like:*
Nanami: Ughh... You're disgusting. So disgusting. Get real, seriously.
*I can already hear it in my head.*
*After that wave of reassurance comes, I return my attention to outside the window.*
*A few seconds pass, and I see a light.*
*Said light continues to move away from the school building and heads in the direction of the research center.*
Satoru: Looks like they've left the school building.
Nanami: Mhm. The security's all back to normal. Unless it's a trap, we're the only ones in the building right now.
Satoru: Great.
Satoru: But just to err on the side of caution, let's wait a few more minutes before we head back to the dorm.
Nanami: Okay.
*We decide to kill a bit more time inside Mayu-senpai's lab room.*
*However--*
Satoru: ......
Nanami: ......
*Th-This is awkward.*
Nanami: Not... much to do, is there?
Satoru: Yeah, but we just gotta deal with it.
Satoru: We can't go rummaging around just 'cause we're bored.
Nanami: I know.
Satoru: ......
Nanami: ......
*I don't understand...*
*Why is there such an awkward air in the room?*
*What do we usually talk about when we're alone with nothing to do?*
*I don't really consciously think about what I want to say to her, and because of that, I'm having an awful time now.*
*Spurred on by uneasiness, I move my gaze in her direction.*
Nanami: Ah!
*She just so happens to look in mine at the exact same time.*
Nanami: E-Ehehe...
*As our eyes meet, she smiles awkwardly and lets out a dry laugh.*
*Likewise, I smile back and shrug my shoulders.*
Satoru: I think we've waited long enough. Let's get going.
Nanami: Yeah, we should be good to go.
*After entering Nanami's room, I slowly let her body down.*
Nanami: Thanks, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: No thanks needed. Dropping you back off here is my duty.
Satoru: Alright then, I'm headed to my room now. Don't stay up too late.
Nanami: I won't. Good night.
Satoru: Good night.
*I give her a casual hand wave then scale the wall back down to my window.*
Satoru: That was all the AIMS database had on Kamon Toshiyuki.
Ryuunosuke: "Alright. Thanks for getting this."
Ryuunosuke: "Clairvoyance, though. That's gonna make things a bit tricky for us..."
Satoru: Yeah, ambushing him's probably out of the question.
*After all, he can watch things from afar in real time.*
Ryuunosuke: "You can leave Kamon to us."
Satoru: Alright.
Ryuunosuke: "That being said, I could use some more people for the raid operation now. We need to account for the possibility that he'll see through our plan and make a run for it."
Ryuunosuke: "I'd like for the two of you to be there as backup."
Satoru: Got it. We'll be ready and waiting.
Ryuunosuke: "Good."
Ryuunosuke: "On a bit of a different note, how's school and everything been going? Everything alright?"
Satoru: Yeah, nothing worthy of note.
Satoru: I'm enjoying myself like a normal school student.
Ryuunosuke: "Great to hear. I take it Levy Nine is as well?"
Satoru: Yeah, she's not having any difficulties.
Satoru: She's got friends in her class and everything, so nothing much to worry about. Like me, she's living like a normal school student.
Ryuunosuke: "That's all fine and dandy, but don't you think there's a clear lack of excitement in your life from you just described to me?"
Satoru: Excitement, as in?
Ryuunosuke: "Well, you're a guy, so what about a girlfriend? Don't you at least have a crush on anyone?"
Satoru: A crush on... What?!
Ryuunosuke: "Oh? Hey now, what was that reaction for? Is there a lucky lady out there?"
Satoru: Ah, er, no, there isn't!
Ryuunosuke: "Oh, don't be shy. Falling in love is a normal part of life."
Ryuunosuke: "We don't forbid relationships in our organization. Well, your partner does have to undergo an investigation, though."
Satoru: I'm not lying. It's just... um... I almost ended up choking because that question literally came out of nowhere.
Ryuunosuke: "Hrmm. Well, I won't force it out of you."
Ryuunosuke: "Work is important, sure, but don't shy away from experiencing life a little while you're still young."
Ryuunosuke: "Some people focus on work too much, then when they realize what they've been missing out on, it's too late. Happens all the time."
Satoru: I'll keep it in mind.
Ryuunosuke: "Good. I'll be eagerly awaiting the day you come home with that girl to introduce to me."
Satoru: I just said I don't have anyone...
Satoru: Well, whatever. I have nothing else to report, and like I mentioned a second ago, we'll be ready to act whenever you need us to.
Satoru: Anything else to add?
Ryuunosuke: "Nope, I've already said everything I need to."
Satoru: Okay, goodbye then.
Ryuunosuke: "Hey, wait, don't--"
*After ending the call, I place my phone on the desk and heave a heavy sigh.*
Satoru: My secret's still safe, right?
*I saw a woman in my little sister and got flustered...*
*The events from earlier are still fresh in my memory... which might be why when he said "a girl you have a crush on," Nanami's face instantly popped up in my mind.*
*I freaked out and panicked, and Dad, sharp as he is, quickly caught notice.*
Satoru: I can't tell anyone about this.
Satoru: My first crush is my own sister... I can't believe it.
*It's not the love you'd feel for a family member, nor the admiration you'd feel for a celebrity.*
*What I felt back then was something that stirred my base male desires... it stirred my sex drive.*
*She looked sexy in a way that I've never seen from her before.*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Just stop thinking about it, Satoru. That'll only make it worse.
Satoru: I'll just go to sleep, and it'll be out of my mind come morning.
Satoru: I do wonder, though...
Satoru: What's going on in Nanami's head right now?
Nanami: ......
Nanami: He hugged me... He totally embraced me...
*All I do is recall it and my body starts heating up like a furnace.*
*I've been trying to forget about it, but it's pointless. Everything just comes flooding back to me, whether I want it to or not.*
*His warm breath, that smell... and his firm, wide shoulders...*
Nanami: All that's doing is making my feelings even stronger...
Nanami: Onii-chan, I love you.
*I'd bottled up these feelings years ago.*
*But nothing will contain them now... The top is gone, and everything inside just keeps pouring out and pouring out.*
*Nothing I do will stop it... and now that the bottle has broken in my heart.*
Nanami: I won't accept anyone else... I love him. He's mine.
Nanami: I love my brother, and I don't wanna hand him over to anyone.
Nanami: I want to spend the rest of my life with him... and not as siblings.
Nanami: I want to be boyfriend and girlfriend... I want to kiss him... and I want to... *pant* *pant*... Ah?!
Nanami: Am I fantasizing about this?!
*The fact that I'm picturing myself doing these things with him is unbelievably embarrassing.*
*But it's not something I can help... I love him in that kind of way.*
Nanami: What would Satoru-kun think if he knew? Would he think I'm gross for fantasizing about kissing my own brother?
*He may be a bit of a siscon, but I don't think he's ever looked at me in a s-sexual kind of way.*
*Point in case, when he embraced me earlier, that was only to lessen space and decrease our chances of being caught.*
*But I wasn't thinking about that at all...*
Nanami: I hugged him back for a totally different reason...
*I wanted to feel him, feel his body... because of primarily sexual urges.*
*There's no getting around it at this point.*
*My body's... reacting to it. My ears are practically burning up.*
Nanami: And I bet my face is as red as a tomato... Satoru-kun was probably wondering what the heck was wrong with me.
*Although he didn't act noticeably different towards me... so in all likelihood, he didn't notice.*
Nanami: I better get changed.
Nanami: ......
*Before I take my panties off... I check inside them out of curiosity.*
Nanami: Oh god... What a mess...
Nanami: So you really do get wet down there. He didn't even do anything sexual to me... but still, somehow...
Nanami: Just touching his body was enough... to make me wet. 
*The sensation of his warmth still lingers on my body.*
*It's like he's still right here hugging me tight.*
*And I'm reaching around with my hands... hugging his back.*
*My body heated up like a furnace a few minutes ago when I was thinking about it, and now it's back... I'm getting really hot...*
Nanami: *pant*... *pant*... *pant*... *pant*...
================================================================================
Satoru: Already morning?
Satoru: Man, I didn't get much sleep...
*My plan to sleep off the feelings smoldering inside of me failed miserably.*
Satoru: Alright, time to go running.
*If sleeping didn't work, I'll just have to try using physical activity to distract myself from it.*
*I take off my pajamas, change into my workout clothes, and leave my room.*
Satoru: *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*... Phew.
*I've run for a longer time and distance than usual today.*
*Due to that, I was able to keep my thoughts clear all throughout, even if it comes at the cost of me being out of breath now.*
Satoru: Looks like working up a nice sweat was the remedy I needed... I think.
*Now I should be able to act normal around Nanami.*
Satoru: I hope so, at least.
*Well, I'll have to see her first before I can tell.*
*After readying myself, I return to the dorm.*
Nanami: Ah!
*On my way back to my room, I run into Nanami and Mibu-san coming down the stairs.*
*I imagine they're probably headed to the canteen.*
*Don't get flustered, Satoru. All I need to do is greet her like normal. Like normal, like normal...*
Satoru: Moningg!
*Oh crap, that came out super stiff.*
*She's gonna wonder what the hell's wrong with--*
Nanami: Orning, Shatoru-kun!
*Did it spread to her like an infectious disease or something? Her voice was even more stiff and even cracked.*
Satoru: Th-Thanks, uh... A-Are you okay? You didn't catch a cold or anything, did you?
Nanami: N-No, I'm fine. Yeah. I made sure to clean up before my body got cold yesterday.
Satoru: Huh?
Nanami: Ack?! Nothing! Just forget I said anything! Eheeheeheehee...
Satoru: Hmm?
Nanami: (Ngh, nghh... I can't look him straight in the face!)
Satoru: ......
*Her face turns red.*
*In all likelihood, she's remembering how I hugged her in Mayu-senpai's lab yesterday.*
*And now that I know she is, I am too...*
Satoru: ......
Nanami: ......
Chisaki: Hm? Hmm?
Nanami,Satoru: Eeeeeeeeek?!Ahhhhhhhhh?!
Nanami: When did you get here, Chisaki-chan?!
Chisaki: Um... what do you mean? We came down together to go to the canteen.
Nanami: O-Oh, right...
Chisaki: Good morning, Senpai.
Satoru: *cough*
Satoru: Morning, Mibu-san.
Chisaki: Did you go out somewhere? I see you're not wearing your uniform.
Satoru: Yeah, I go jogging every morning when I wake up.
Chisaki: Ohh, okay, I see. That must be why you have such an athletic body!
Satoru: Eh, I wouldn't really say I'm that muscular.
Satoru: But yeah, I wish I could stay and chat some more, but I gotta go get changed.
Chisaki: Yeah, or else you won't have enough time for breakfast.
Chisaki: Ready to go then, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: U-Uh-huh.
Nanami: See you later, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Yeah.
*The two of them start walking in the direction of the canteen.*
*As they pass by, I quietly whisper something into Nanami's ear.*
Satoru: (Meet me later. We need to talk.)
Nanami: (About what?)
Satoru: (Last night.)
Nanami: Ahhh?!
Nanami: Huh? U-Umm, what do you mean by...
Satoru: See you then.
Nanami: Huh?! Wait... Wh-Whaaaaaaaaaat?!
Nanami: (He said "last night"... O-O-O-O-O-Oh my god, did he figure out about me masturbating?! W-Was there some residual smell or something on me?!)
Nanami: (No way, it can't be. It's been hours since then. So if not that, then... he realized how I feel about him?!)
Nanami: (If that's what this is... If he knows, then I'm--!)
Satoru: So yeah, he wants us there as backup, so be prepared for that.
Nanami: ......
Satoru: Nanami?
Nanami: *sigh*... So THAT'S what this was about. Wow...
Satoru: Er, how am I supposed to interpret that? Did you think I was gonna talk to you about something else?
Nanami: Oh, no, not at all! Just forget what I said.
Satoru: Hmm?
Satoru: Well, back to what I was saying, I want you to set things up so I can sneak out of campus on a moment's notice. Think you can do that?
Nanami: Umm... I can temporarily disable the security, then you can go over the wall.
Nanami: Does that plan work for you?
Satoru: Yeah. If all I need to do is jump over the wall, that'll be easy. I'll leave all the finer details to you.
Nanami: Alright, I'll take care of it.
Nanami: Could you check to see what spot on the wall would be best? I can't tell that myself.
Satoru: Do you want me to decide that? Aren't there places where it's more difficult or easier to disable the security?
Satoru: Well, how about we go together just to be on the safe side?
Nanami: Huh? But...
Satoru: You got plans after school?
Nanami: No, I don't... I'm free, but um... that means, we'll be walking across the campus together, and alone... right?
Satoru: Yeah.
Nanami: Of course...
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Is there some kinda problem with us being together? Are you concerned it's too siscon-esque or something?
Nanami: No! That's not what I'm thinking! Seriously! Not one bit!
Satoru: O-Okay...
Nanami: Ah... S-Sorry.
Satoru: It's fine.
Nanami: A-Anyways, if you want me to come along, I will.
Satoru: Alright, I appreciate it.
Satoru: See you after school then.
Nanami: Y-Yeah.
Nanami: ......
Nanami: Ahh, no, no, no! It's for the mission. It's for the mission, but I can't help but think of it as a... Nghhhh!
Kyouhei: Nghh! School's finally out! I'm starving.
Satoru: Your metabolism is so busted.
Kyouhei: I mean, I'm aware, but it's not like I can just change it, y'know?
Kyouhei: I'm gonna head to a convenience store. Wanna tag along?
Satoru: Sorry, I got plans today.
Kyouhei: Oh, really? Did you get yourself a girlfriend?
Satoru: Unfortunately not. I'm just gonna be with--
Kyouhei: Nanami-chan?
Satoru: Yeah. How'd you--
Kyouhei: She's here to get you.
Satoru: Hm?
*I look to the door and find Nanami there, gingerly peeking into the classroom.*
*As soon as our eyes meet, the nervousness fades from her expression as a smile forms.*
Satoru: ......
*I find myself captivated by that smile and... Wait, stop that, Satoru.*
*Weird rumors might pop up if people see me staring at my little sister with a goofy grin on my face.*
Satoru: Alright, I'm leaving.
Kyouhei: Bye.
Satoru: Wow, you got here quick. Class ended literally just a minute ago for us.
Nanami: Huh? O-Oh, was it that quick? I guess our class got out a little earlier.
Nanami: W-Well, are you ready to go? It'll get dark soon, so we don't wanna dawdle around too much.
Satoru: True. Let's go.
Satoru: I probably don't need to remind you, but there are security cameras, so don't look around too suspiciously, okay?
Nanami: Huh? Er, I don't know how well I can do that... I did receive training for it in the past, but that's pretty much it.
Satoru: I doubt they check ALL the footage, but in the event that they do check today's for whatever reason, we want to make sure we look and act natural.
Satoru: All you basically need to do is avoid pointing in specific directions, or stopping in your tracks in random places to look up the wall. Things like that.
Satoru: Just memorize places you think work well, or places that wouldn't, and relay that info to me after we're done.
Satoru: Remember, we're just two siblings going on a little after school stroll, nothing else. Got it?
Nanami: Got it. O-Okay, um... Are you ready then?
Satoru: Yep.
Satoru: ......
Nanami: ......
Satoru: It'd be a pretty long detour from my dorm if I snuck out from here.
Satoru: Do you see any sort of benefit that would outweigh that risk?
Nanami: No, it's all the same. What about you?
Satoru: Hm... The way the security cameras are positioned would make my movement less restrained, but it comes with a time cost, since I'd have to get here first.
Satoru: I'd prefer a route that's closer to the dorm.
Nanami: Alright. Wanna go and check the vicinity of the dorm then?
Satoru: Sure.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: (Why do I feel this way? I've been alone with her numerous times before. This is nothing new.)
Satoru: (I mean, I used to feel at ease around her 'cause she's family.)
Satoru: (But... I feel this odd excitement. It's so bad that my heart would be beating like a runaway train if I wasn't actively keeping it in check.)
Nanami: Satoru-kun?
Satoru: Sorry, it's nothing.
Satoru: You ready? Let's go.
Nanami: Yeah.
Nanami: ......
Nanami: (Oh my god... Being alone with him is making me feel super jittery!)
Nanami: (We're doing this for work purposes. I know that. But... I just keep remembering how I masturbated to him last night.)
Nanami: (I should be too ashamed to even look him in the eye after how I sullied him in my mind, but my heart is racing like crazy just from being next to him.)
Nanami: (Ahhh... My body's starting to feel all hot and funny again...)
Nanami: *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*
Satoru: Nanami?
Nanami: Ahhhh?! What, ish it?
Satoru: Well, I figured we should head back now since we've taken a look at everything... Are you ready?
Nanami: Y-Yes, I am ready!
Satoru: Alright.
Nanami: Nghhhh!
Satoru: Have you seen your face? It's really red.
Nanami: N-No, it's not! Look, I'm as fit as a fiddle!
Nanami: Let's get back to the dorm? Okay?
Satoru: S-Sure.
Nanami: I just... can't calm down. When I think about him, my body grows hot and... starts feeling all tingly... nghh...
Nanami: *sigh*... Look, I'm wet down there again. I know this is wrong, so why?
Nanami: Maybe I just have an unusually strong sex drive. Ahhh... Onii-chan...
Nanami: Ahh... ahhh... ahhh... ahhh...
Nanami: Onii-chan... Onii-chan! A-Ah, ahh, ahh, nh, nghhhhh!
================================================================================
Ryuunosuke: "Sorry about yesterday."
Satoru: It's alright. I came out without any major injuries.
Satoru: Even the small ones I had were healed completely by Levy Nine, so I'm all good now.
Ryuunosuke: "You aren't just saying that, are you?"
Satoru: I'm not. I really am fine.
Ryuunosuke: "Alright."
Ryuunosuke: "Either way, you seriously saved us big time."
Ryuunosuke: "If you hadn't noticed it was a trap, I think it's safe to assume things would've ended up way worse."
Ryuunosuke: "So thank you for that."
Satoru: Well, I only did what anyone would've.
Satoru: But moving on. About the people who played us...
Ryuunosuke: "My carelessness was 100\% to blame this time. I'm seriously sorry."
Ryuunosuke: "I won't expose you to danger ever again. I swear I'll catch every last one of those bastards."
Ryuunosuke: "They better be ready, 'cause we're gonna return the favor to 'em in spades..."
Satoru: Err, you might wanna keep a level head otherwise they'll end up playing us again...
Ryuunosuke: "I'm aware. Besides, this isn't only about revenge."
Ryuunosuke: "Our failure this time could impact the standing of the whole organization. Well, actually, I'm ALREADY getting a lot of heat for it... It's gonna be bad if we don't make up for it."
Ryuunosuke: "Also, if we allow ourselves to get screwed over without firing back, other organizations will think we're weak and try to take advantage of us."
Ryuunosuke: "It's crucial that we get the message out there: if you mess with us, you're gonna pay."
Satoru: So are we moving on to the next operation right away?
Ryuunosuke: "No. Being hasty could only result in more mistakes being made, worsening the situation."
Ryuunosuke: "We're going to proceed with the utmost caution and rigor so that there's not even a sliver of a chance of them realizing what we're up to."
Ryuunosuke: "I highly doubt they've found out about your undercover mission, but still, just to play it safe, you should keep a low profile for now."
Satoru: So you basically just want me to act and live like a normal school student?
Ryuunosuke: "Right."
Ryuunosuke: "Even though it might take some time, given the situation we're in, I need you to patiently wait until I get in touch with you."
Satoru: Okay.
Ryuunosuke: "I know you said your injuries have all healed, but well, you should still get some relaxation time in now while you can."
Ryuunosuke: "Think of it as time to get yourself physically and mentally prepared for the next mission. Relay this to Levy Nine as well."
Satoru: Will do.
Ryuunosuke: "Anything else to report?"
Satoru: Err...
Satoru: No, there isn't.
Ryuunosuke: "What? That sure didn't like a no."
Satoru: No, there's really nothing. Sorry for making it sound like there was. Don't worry about it.
Ryuunosuke: "Is that the truth?"
Satoru: Yeah.
Ryuunosuke: "Alright. Make sure to call me immediately if something happens. Bye."
Satoru: Bye.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: So yeah, you heard him.
Nanami: Mhm. I got it.
*After falling asleep yesterday, Nanami spent the whole night in my room.*
*She's sitting on the bed now, and overheard all of my conversation with Dad just now.*
Nanami: By the way, Satoru-kun. When you stuttered... were you thinking of telling him about us?
Satoru: Yeah.
Nanami: Do you think we should keep it a secret from him?
Satoru: No, we should tell him eventually... I just felt now isn't a good time, since he's got his hands full with all sorts of stuff.
Nanami: So that's your excuse, huh?
Satoru: Yeah...
Satoru: Okay, to be fair, I DO believe now's not a good time... but I'll admit, I am a little scared of how he's gonna take it.
Nanami: Yeah, his son and daughter are dating... and even kissed. How would a dad even react to that? 
Satoru: I don't have the slightest idea.
*We might be technically siblings, but we aren't related by blood.*
*So from a legal standpoint, at least, our relationship is fine.*
*Maybe I'm just worrying too much...*
Nanami: Plus he's gotta worry about what other people might say.
Satoru: He's not really one to care about what other people think or say, though, if you ask me.
Satoru: Well, either way, I say we wait a bit before telling him.
Satoru: The SFD's certainly busy as heck right now, plus we only just started dating yesterday.
Satoru: I think we should at least take some time to enjoy ourselves.
Nanami: True. That should be our number one priority right now.
Nanami: We're a couple... an actual couple. We kissed, and you said you love me... None of that was just a dream, was it?
Satoru: Yep, it was all real. I love you and we're dating now.
Nanami: Nghhh! Ehe, ehehe! It wasn't a dream...
Satoru: One thing, though, Nanami.
Nanami: Y-Yes!
Satoru: This is a bit embarrassing for me to ask, but err... what exactly do couples do together?
Nanami: One of the standard manga tropes is going to school together.
Satoru: Which we already do every day.
Nanami: Then they also go to each other's rooms to spend time together.
Satoru: We've even slept in the same bed, so I think we've went well beyond that one already.
Nanami: The girlfriend also sometimes makes lunch for her boyfriend.
Satoru: You used to cook three meals a day for me before we came here...
Nanami: Yeah...
Satoru: This might be harder than I thought, due to us being siblings and all.
Nanami: If we're limiting it to things only couples can do, I guess all we're left with... is kissing?
Satoru: And we already did that yesterday. Normal kisses, and even super intense tongue kisses.
Nanami: Yeah, that's true... So, um, aside from that...
*Visibly embarrassed, she blushes and averts her eyes.*
*Well, I know why. The next step after kissing is, well, sex.*
*Sex is a perfectly normal thing for couples to do, but still...*
Satoru: I know I'm the one who raised the question in the first place... but we're no normal couple.
Satoru: So I feel like there's not much point in looking to manga tropes or other couples for answers.
Nanami: Mhm... It might be better for us to learn on our own what works best for us.
*It's actually perfect that we've been ordered to keep a low profile and relax.*
*I'll be able to give Nanami my undivided attention.*
Nanami: We'll get through this together.
Satoru: Yeah.
Nanami: Alright then... I would like to request one display of affection.
Satoru: Err, by which you mean what exactly?
Nanami: I want... a good morning kiss, if you don't mind.
Satoru: Nanami...
*I extend my hand towards her and gently touch her cheek.*
Nanami: Onii-chan.
*She closes her eyes and tilts her neck ever so slightly.*
*I then place a soft kiss on her lovely lips.*
Nanami: Mh... *kiss*... mhh.
Nanami: Mh, ah, *pant*...
*Just a light peck on the lips.*
*I was about to stick in my tongue, but she slowly pulls away.*
Nanami: Alright, that was it for our good morning kiss.
Satoru: ......
Nanami: Ahaha. That face says you want more.
Satoru: Well yeah, it wasn't much compared to yesterday's.
Nanami: That's the point. It wouldn't be smart to exchange such intense kisses first thing in the morning.
Nanami: So this is good enough for a good morning kiss.
Satoru: ......
*I kind of feel like she's playing me like a fiddle.*
*But maybe this is just how she is.*
*It's kind of sweet, in a sense.*
*I then take that smiley girl back to her room.*
*Through the window, of course. It would be bad news if someone saw her walk out of my room in her pajamas.*
Satoru: So would you want to eat lunch together today?
Nanami: Of course! Ehehe.
Satoru: Hm?
*After getting back to my room, I get ready, then head down to the canteen for breakfast. Once I get down the stairs, though, I notice a small crowd formed in the lobby.*
*They're staring at the TV and seem abuzz over something.*
*I also spot Kyouhei among them.*
Satoru: Hey, Kyouhei.
Kyouhei: Oh, Satoru. Morning.
Satoru: Morning. So what's the deal here? Something going on?
Kyouhei: Yeah, check out the news.
Announcer: "Last night at around 1:00 AM, there was an explosion in the Washizu City warehouse area."
Announcer: "The fire department that responded was able to extinguish the fire almost immediately."
Announcer: "Since the warehouse in question wasn't storing any chemicals or explosive substances, authorities are investigating the matter to determine whether it was a simple accident or an act of arson."
Announcer: "Nearby warehouses were also searched, however nothing unusual could be found."
Kyouhei: That warehouse isn't far from here.
Satoru: Yeah... it's not.
*Honestly, I shouldn't be surprised.*
*A warehouse explosion would normally be reported on.*
*That being said, after they talk about it for a day or two, it'll probably quietly fade away into oblivion and never be talked about again.*
Kyouhei: Since there weren't any explosive substances, some people on the internet are saying an Astral must've been responsible for it.
Satoru: But what would anyone stand to gain from blowing up a random warehouse...
Satoru: Sounds like an accident to me.
Kyouhei: Yeah, I agree.
Satoru: Well, who cares about that. Let's go eat breakfast.
Kyouhei: Right.
Satoru: ......
*It's not the first time something like this has happened, but damn...*
*My heart almost stopped when I looked at the screen and saw them reporting on that incident.*
*Better get out of here quick; this isn't good for my heart.*
Teacher A: Oh, it's already that time. Okay. We'll stop here for today.
Nanami: Excuse me.
*Right as class ends and we enter lunch break, Nanami comes gingerly peeking into our classroom.*
Hazuki: Hm? Ah, why hello there, Nanami-kun. Are you here to see Arihara-kun?
Nanami: Y-Yeah, I am...
Hazuki: Wait one moment. Hey, Arihara-kun.
Satoru: Hm?
Nanami: Oh, Satoru-kun. H-Hi...
*She lifts her arm from the elbow and bashfully waves her hand.*
*Maybe she's so shy because she's never come to my classroom to pick me up like this before?*
Satoru: (Damn is she cute, though.)
*I can't help but feel strongly attracted to her.*
*Well, not that being attracted to her is a problem. We're dating.*
*I don't care that she's my sister. I've made my decision, so there's no need to suppress my feelings.*
*Well, so I think... but I'm a little bit afraid of putting it on open display.*
Satoru: I'm coming.
Kyouhei: Hm? What's this? Gonna have lunch with your sister today?
Satoru: Pretty much. See you later.
Kyouhei: Have fun.
Satoru: Sorry about the wait.
Nanami: It's fine. I didn't mind waiting.
Satoru: Well, thanks for coming to get me. I was pretty happy when I looked over and saw your face.
Satoru: Ready to go?
Nanami: Mhm!
Hazuki: ......
Kyouhei: Have they always been this close? I mean, yeah, they've always been close and all, but not like this, I don't think.
Ayase: Something does seem a little bit different... It could also just be me imagining things, though.
Chisaki: Oh, you're not imagining things! Something's totally different!
Ayase: Wha--?! G-Gosh, you scared me there...
Hazuki: What brings you to these parts, Chisaki-kun?
Chisaki: I've been tailing Nanami-chan.
Kyouhei: You've been tailing her? Why? Was she acting weird or something?
Chisaki: Yeah, super weird. She was all like...
Nanami: Ehe... Ehehe!
Chisaki: N-Nanami-chan? Everything alright?
Nanami: Huh? Why do you ask?
Chisaki: Um, you've got a big grin on your face. And you're drooling too.
Nanami: Huh?! Ah! *slurp*... Oh my god, I was. T-Talk about embarrassing...
Chisaki: Something on your mind?
Nanami: No, not really. I swear. I was just spacing out a little.
Nanami: I better be more careful... Okay! Let's do this.
Nanami: Hngh!
Nanami: ......
Nanami: Ehehe...
Chisaki: Ah, you're drooling again.
Nanami: Ahh! *slurp*
Chisaki: She was acting all funny like that from morning to lunch, so I just had to figure out what was up.
Ayase: From morning to lunch? Wow...
Chisaki: She's been smiling, though, so I know it can't be anything bad.
Hazuki: There's still something quite worrying about what you just described, though.
Kyouhei: Seeing how they walked off... Maybe it's a family matter?
Mayu: Oh? What's everyone standing here with puzzled looks on their faces for?
Kyouhei: Oh, hey, Shikibe-senpai.
Mayu: Something going on?
Hazuki: It's nothing quite serious. Here, allow me to explain.
Nanami: Boy, that was really good. The quality of food they serve in the dorms here is seriously impressive.
Satoru: And there's such a good variety of stuff too.
Nanami: Just... out of curiosity, can I ask?
Nanami: Which one do you prefer: my food or the food here?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Do you want the truthful version or the sugarcoated version?
Nanami: Wow, you have two answers... Fine. Let's start with the sugarcoated one.
Satoru: You make the most delicious food in the whole wide world, Nanami.
Nanami: Oh, joy. The same cheap flattery like always.
Nanami: What's the truthful version then?
Satoru: It's hard to make direct comparisons because they serve dishes here that aren't in your cooking repertoire.
Satoru: I fully mean it when I say your food is amazing, but the food here doesn't disappoint either.
Nanami: Well, I don't mind. I pretty much agree with that myself.
Satoru: I know I've said it before, but just to reiterate: your cooking will always be my first choice, no matter what.
Satoru: That won't ever change.
Nanami: ......
Nanami: Ehe... Ehehe... Gosh, I swear! You're such a siscon!
*She hits me lightly, wearing a big grin on her face.*
Satoru: ......
*It's the same casual banter we always hold.*
*However, seeing Nanami smile like that is enough to fill me with so much happiness that a grin naturally forms on my face too.*
Nanami: Wh-What is it? Is there something on my face? Huh? Huh? Is it a crumb?
Satoru: Don't worry. A measly crumb wouldn't be enough to diminish your cuteness.
Nanami: You gotta tell me these things sooner! Do you know how embarrassing this is? So where is it? Tell me so I can get it off.
Satoru: That was only hypothetical. You don't actually have anything anywhere on your face.
Nanami: Oh, okay. But don't scare me like that, geez.
Satoru: Sorry.
Satoru: Alright, I gotta go back to my classroom.
Nanami: Oh, um, one thing before you go, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Hm?
Nanami: Could I come to your room later today? I want you to, um... help me study.
Satoru: Sure thing.
Nanami: Thanks! See you later.
Nanami: And make sure you pay attention in class!
Satoru: Of course.
*.........*
*......*
*...*
Mayu: Interesting.
Mayu: The nature of their conversations is the same, but the way they're behaving is noticeably different.
Ayase: Maybe so, but it doesn't seem that we have anything to be concerned about.
Kyouhei: Yeah, given those smiles.
Chisaki: Nanami-chan's even been grinning nonstop when she's by herself.
Hazuki: What could possibly be the cause of this change between the two of them...
Mayu: I get why you all were so puzzled earlier.
Mayu: But is it really that difficult to put the pieces together?
Hazuki: You have some sort of idea as to what's going on?!
Mayu: I mean, yeah, it's obvious just looking at them. I've come across countless boy-girl pairs acting like that before.
Mayu: When you spend as many here years as I have, it gets to be a pretty common sight.
Hazuki: R-Really now?!
Mayu: Ahhh... Share some of that youthful passion with little ole me too...
Chisaki: So you're thinking what I'm thinking it is?
Mayu: I mean, what else could it be?
Hazuki: What? You've also figured it out, Chisaki-kun?
Kyouhei: Are you sure, though? They're siblings.
Ayase: Isn't that more than likely why they're keeping it a secret?
Hazuki: Huh? Huh? Wait, am I the only one... Am I the only one out of the loop here?
Kyouhei: Can you really call THAT keeping it a secret?
Ayase: Well, do understand that they themselves likely don't realize it's that obvious.
Chisaki: Well... I can see why they'd want to. Something like that could easily spark some nasty rumors. I don't have any problem with it, though.
Kyouhei: Me neither. Actually, in their case, it kinda feels like the natural course of things.
Ayase: They themselves likely understand the implications, so if they've made their decision with that in mind, we have no reason to object.
Mayu: Agreed.
Mayu: I won't speak against them being together, but well... if they think they're doing a good job of hiding it the way they're acting right now, we might need to intervene.
Hazuki: ......
Hazuki: What on earth are you all talking about?!
*I'm sitting and relaxing in my room, when all of a sudden I hear a knock on my door.*
Satoru: Yeah.
Nanami: I'm here, Onii-chan... Ehehe.
*The door opens, and Nanami trots into my room. *
*Gosh, so cute. She's so tiny and adorable.*
Satoru: So you want me to help you study, you said?
Nanami: Yeah. There's some stuff we're learning that I don't really get, so I was hoping you could help me.
Satoru: I can try... but if it's not something I understand, I'm not sure I'll be able to help much.
Nanami: Haven't you been putting a lot of effort into keeping up with your classes, though?
Satoru: I guess. Enough so to at least get average grades... I think.
Nanami: You'll be able to understand it then, I'm sure.
Satoru: Alright, so what exactly do you want my help with?
Nanami: There's this math problem I'm struggling with. Here, this is it.
*We sit down on the floor together and take a look at Nanami's textbook.*
Satoru: (Her body is so close...)
*Things just aren't the same now that we're dating and she's no longer a sister in my mind.*
*Every little thing she does suddenly seems unbelievably cute to me.*
Satoru: Which one?
Nanami: This one. The quadratic function problem.
Nanami: It says "Find the values of a and b that will make the the vertices of both parabolas lie on the same line."
Satoru: Well, essentially the vertices match when the y values are the same.
Satoru: So the first thing you wanna do is set the two functions equal to each other.
Nanami: Okay.
Satoru: After that, you simplify the equation.
Satoru: You simplify it by...
Satoru: Wait. What do you do after that?
Nanami: Sa-to-ru-kun?
Satoru: J-Just gimme a sec. Everything should be right up to this point.
Satoru: We need to solve for both a and b here... But how?
Nanami: You use the formula they give you in the problem.
Satoru: Huh?
Nanami: You can calculate the vertex by completing the square, see?
Nanami: After that, you just combine the result with the vertex, which you already calculated.
Nanami: So, in the end, you get x = a and y = 1/2a^2-2b. Does that seem right?
Satoru: Oh, I see now. So all that's left to do after that is substitute the those values in for x and y to find a and b.
Nanami: Good job. You did it.
Nanami: *sigh*... I'm truly and honestly worried about your grades, if this was anything to go by.
Satoru: Sorry...
Satoru: I swear I'm paying attention in class, but well, not taking school seriously before coming here is really catching up to me.
Satoru: Wait. You already knew how to solve this problem! You were just screwing with me!
Nanami: ......
Nanami: Ehe!
Satoru: Don't you smile at me.
Nanami: I would've gotten away with it if you weren't such a good-for-nothing.
Satoru: Urk... I'm deeply ashamed.
Satoru: But I guess you lied about wanting me to help you study then?
Nanami: Wow, that's slander. It's called a pretext under which we can spend time together.
Nanami: You tutoring me is a perfectly natural reason for me to frequently visit your room, right?
Satoru: Well...
Nanami: But judging by what I've just seen... nobody's gonna buy that you're tutoring me.
Nanami: I worked so hard to craft a plan for us to be together without having to sneak into each other's rooms after lights-out and you just had to ruin it...
Satoru: I'm so sorry.
Satoru: But if it's just a pretext, does it honestly matter if I tutor you or not?
Nanami: I realize that too, but the thing is... as your sister, I'm deeply worried that you might have to repeat the year.
Nanami: As such, you're going to take a test now.
Satoru: What kind of test?
Nanami: I'll give you a number of problems to solve.
Satoru: What happens if I fail that test?
Nanami: You'll be forced to take remedial lessons, of course. I'll teach you carefully, one-on-one.
Satoru: Thanks, I guess.
Satoru: So what if I pass?
Nanami: If you pass, then... umm... I'll give you a reward.
Satoru: What kind of reward?
Nanami: Anything you want.
Nanami: To be more specific... things like... kissing are fair game. Other things too, maybe or maybe not...
Satoru: Yes, please! Other things included!
Nanami: Urgh. You're literally brimming with motivation now.
Satoru: Any man would, when a reward like that's on the line.
Nanami: Urk... Now I feel like you're gonna request something outrageous, and I'm getting scared.
Nanami: J-Just so that I know in advance... what are you planning on asking for?
Satoru: I want--
*......*
*Going with sex here would be a little too perverted, wouldn't it?*
*She might not have had that in mind when she mentioned "other things."*
Satoru: How about a hug?
Nanami: ......
Nanami: O-Oh... a hug...
Satoru: You want something else?
Nanami: No, that's fine. I'll give you a hug if you manage to pass... *sigh*...
Satoru: ......
*Did she just drop her shoulders, or am I imagining things?*
Nanami: Okay, we'll start with this problem.
Satoru: G-Got it.
Nanami: ......
Nanami: (I don't MIND giving him a hug... but that's just not enough.)
Nanami: (Is my sex drive just really strong or what?)
Nanami: (I'd be perfectly fine with something a little more sexual than a hug...)
Nanami: (Actually, I REALLY wish he'd suggested something like that.)
Satoru: I'm done.
Nanami: Ahhh?!
Satoru: A-Are you okay?
Nanami: Y-Y-Yeah, sorry. I was just thinking about something.
Nanami: Okay, show me what you got.
Satoru: Here.
Nanami: ......
Nanami: This is wrong, Satoru-kun. You failed.
Satoru: A-Are you kidding me?!
Nanami: That's what I'm saying. This is a super basic problem... I'm genuinely getting worried.
Nanami: I even set the table for you by offering you a reward...
Satoru: Huh?
Nanami: Nothiiing. But you know, Satoru-kun? I was half-joking when I suggested this test... but this really isn't anything to joke about.
Nanami: You better get your act together, otherwise we'll be in the same class next year.
Satoru: Sorry. I will.
Satoru: Sorry about today.
Nanami: It's fine. Just make sure you review everything we did today, okay?
Satoru: I will.
Nanami: You're always all talk.
Nanami: If only you could take the initiative sometimes... You dummy.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Are you mad at me?
Nanami: No.
Nanami: I'm gonna take a bath then head to bed. Good night, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Good night, Nanami.
*I close the door and go back inside my room.*
*It's like Nanami's smell and warmth are still lingering in the room...*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: That reward, though...
*In all honesty, I wanted more than just a hug.*
*But I wasn't sure what she'd say to that.*
*So I got cold feet and chickened out in the end...*
Satoru: I mean, we only just started dating yesterday... Should I already be asking her to have sex with me?
*Nanami did say we weren't a normal couple, though.*
Satoru: Does that mean taking things quicker than usually would be okay?
*To be honest, I don't know.*
*She does quibble with me fairly often, but I wouldn't say she's a particularly strong-willed person.*
*That's why I'm afraid she might succumb to pressure and agree to do something before she's ready.*
*And that's not something I want.*
Satoru: It's definitely too early in the relationship for us to be having sex...
*I mean, it's only been a single day since we started dating.*
*I don't want to make it seem like sex is the only reason I'm going out with her.*
Satoru: *sigh*... I really am a good-for-nothing.
*Both as a brother and as a man.*
Satoru: I wish I'd actually gained some life experience instead of focusing on work day in and day out.
*I wouldn't have been called dense by everyone.*
*And I wouldn't be agonizing over this.*
Satoru: Well, nothing I can do about it now...
*Maybe I just need to make up for where I'm lacking by working harder to try and understand Nanami's feelings.*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Man, it still hasn't fully sunken in yet... Nanami actually loves me...
*A drastic difference compared to how she was like when Dad first adopted her.*
*Back then, she didn't care for anyone or anything.*
*Her introverted, shy personality is probably a result of her upbringing too.*
Satoru: She's not used to rejecting others, nor being rejected herself.
*I doubt she'll ever revert to her old personality at this point... but at the same time, it'd also be a bit too optimistic of me to assume it's completely gone, without a trace.*
Satoru: I just don't want to hurt her. After all, I'm her brother... and her boyfriend too.
Satoru: Alright.
Satoru: I gotta study so I don't disappoint her any more!
Nanami: *sigh* Nothing seems to be working right.
Chisaki: She looks depressed now.
Nanami: Ahhh?! Ch-Chisaki-chan, what are you doing here?
Chisaki: Oh, I just wanted to talk to you about some things... Wanna take a bath together?
Nanami: Umm, thanks, but--
Chisaki: Come on.
Nanami: O-Okay.
Nanami: ......
Chisaki: ......
Nanami: So, umm...
Chisaki: You've been acting real weird all day today.
Nanami: Huh? How so?
Chisaki: You were grinning so hard you were drooling all throughout classes today.
Chisaki: And when you were talking to your brother, you looked like you were on cloud nine.
Nanami: The drooling part aside, what's so unusual about me chatting with Satoru-kun? We're siblings.
Chisaki: Well, just so you know, I wasn't the only one who noticed something.
Chisaki: Ayase-senpai, Nijouin-senpai, Shikibe-senpai and Suou-senpai also felt the same way.
Nanami: What? R-Really?
Chisaki: Yeah, so I'm asking on everyone's behalf, basically.
Nanami: O-Oh...
Chisaki: I'm reaaaally convinced that something's going on between you two.
Nanami: ......
Chisaki: Did you... do the deed?
Nanami: The what?
Chisaki: Sex.
Nanami: Pffffft! *cough* *cough* How can you just come out and say that?
Chisaki: Do you want me to ask if you fucked then?
Nanami: You're going in the wrong direction!
Chisaki: Really? Gee, you're hard to please. Well, wording aside, is that not the reason why you're acting different around each other?
Nanami: No! We haven't done any of that yet.
Chisaki: Oh-ho. Not "yet," you say... So does that mean you're getting there?
Nanami: Ugh. Well... umm...
Nanami: We have... kissed.
Chisaki: Whoaaa! So that means you're--!
Nanami: A-Ahhh, Chisaki-chan! Not so loud!
Chisaki: Oh, whoops. Sorry 'bout that.
Nanami: Ugh... This embarrassment is making me feel all dizzy... I'm gonna faint at this rate.
Chisaki: Wow, your face is bright red. I guess this isn't the best place to discuss this...
Chisaki: Alright, how about this? Let's end the bathtime talk here and have a little pajama party after this.
Nanami: Huh? But I--
Chisaki: Come on.
Nanami: Okay...
Nanami: There's not much point in hiding it any longer, so I'll just come out and tell you the truth.
Nanami: I realized I was in love with Satoru-kun a long time ago, but we were also siblings.
Nanami: I figured just being his sister would be enough for me.
Nanami: But things happened, and well...
Nanami: It hit me that he'd leave me once he found a girlfriend, and then... I couldn't keep my feelings in any longer.
Chisaki: And then you started dating because of that?
Chisaki: That's great. I'm happy things worked out for you.
Nanami: Yeah.
Chisaki: Still, you're siblings... Nothing against you two or anything; I'm all for your relationship... but it's sure not gonna be easy.
Nanami: Well... umm...
Nanami: There's actually one thing I never told you... Satoru-kun and I aren't related by blood.
Chisaki: What?! You aren't?!
Nanami: Nope. Satoru-kun was an orphan, and our dad adopted him when he was a kid.
Nanami: I was also adopted by him, but a little bit after Satoru-kun was.
Chisaki: Whoa... Umm, I know it's kinda after the fact, but are you sure you're okay with telling me that?
Nanami: Sure. It's not like we were ever hiding it; there was just never a reason to say it.
Nanami: And I trust you, Chisaki-chan. I know you won't go telling other people.
Chisaki: Thanks! I love you, Nanami-chan!
Nanami: Ahh, ngh! Chisaki-chan, I can't breathe!
Chisaki: Oh, sorry. Ahaha.
Chisaki: Let me just say it one more time. Congrats, Nanami-chan.
Nanami: Mhm... Th-Thanks, Chisaki-chan.
Chisaki: A little bit of advice, though. You two might want to be a little more careful about how you act.
Chisaki: I know you feel happy, but it's too blatant. Other people will start figuring out what's going on if things keep up like this.
Nanami: Huh?! No way. I thought I was doing a good job of acting natural.
Chisaki: Really?
Nanami: I-I can't believe it was that obvious...
Chisaki: Well, is it really that surprising? You were grinning like an idiot and even drooling.
Nanami: Urk... I guess I couldn't stop it from showing on my face...
Nanami: I'll do better from now on.
Chisaki: Perfect! Oh, can I go ahead and relay the news to the others? They wanted me to let them know what I found out later.
Nanami: Yeah, that's fine. I trust them.
Chisaki: Great! Thanks. So, with that out of the way.
Chisaki: You looked kinda dejected before we entered the bath... Did you guys already have a fight or something?
Nanami: No, it's nothing like that. I mean, Satoru-kun... he's the nicest guy on the planet. Ehehe.
Chisaki: Yes, I'm sure he is. Thanks for telling me.
Chisaki: So then what's the problem? Something had to have happened.
Nanami: Umm... It's more that nothing happened...
Nanami: ......
Nanami: Ch-Chisaki-chan!
Chisaki: Y-Yeah?
Nanami: Chisaki-chan... D-Do you...
Nanami: Do you ever fantasize about having sex with me?!
Chisaki: What?!
Chisaki: Wait, hold up! What did you mean by that question? There was that rumor going around back when you first transferred about you being a lesbian--was that actually--?!
Nanami: No, that was all just one big misunderstanding, so please, forget about that!
Nanami: I think that came out wrong. What I meant to say was, umm... am I not physically attractive?
Chisaki: Huh? Seriously? With that banging body you've been blessed with? You trynna take a jab at me or what? Hah, payback! I'm gonna grope those big stupid jugs of yours!
Nanami: No, wait, you can't! Please don't. Not even Onii-chan's groped my boobs yet...
Chisaki: What? He hasn't?
Nanami: No, he hasn't.
Chisaki: There exists on this earth a man who would opt not to grope these fine boobs... That's downright mind-boggling.
Nanami: Do you think it'd be weird for the girl to be the one to come onto the guy?
Chisaki: So, if I get you right, he's not showing any desire to want to fuck you, so you're getting sexually frustrate--err, you're getting worried.
Nanami: Language, please!
Chisaki: But did I get it right?
Nanami: Yeah...
Chisaki: Right. So you want to have sexual intercourse with him.
Nanami: Your word choice makes it feel ten times more embarrassing, but yeah... I do...
Nanami: Ah, but don't misunderstand; he's the only person who makes me feel this way. 'Cause I love him.
Chisaki: Yeah, I know.
Nanami: As for word choice, just go with sex... I've given up at this point.
Chisaki: So, basically, you're ready to get it on, but he's like an unmovable mountain.
Nanami: I mean, we've only been going out for a day, so I'm totally aware that I'm probably getting way ahead of myself.
Chisaki: It's only the second day and you're agonizing over sex?! Gee, you must be super frustrated... You really can't judge a book by its cover, huh... I never imagined you'd have that kind of insatiable sex drive.
Nanami: It's not my fault! My body gets so hot whenever we kiss with our tongues... Aghh, it's driving me crazy!
Chisaki: So you've already delved into tongue-kissing territory? *gulp*...
Chisaki: That seems like steady progress to me, though. What's the problem?
Nanami: Well, I get the feeling that Satoru-kun's holding back out of concern for me...
Nanami: Since I've never had a boyfriend before... and I'm a virgin.
Chisaki: Ah, okay. That explains things.
Nanami: Have you ever been with a guy before, Chisaki-chan?
Chisaki: Nope. I'm a virgin, just like you.
Chisaki: So yeah, unfortunately I can't really give you any constructive, experience-backed advice...
Chisaki: But if you ask me, wouldn't it be better to just ask him and get it off your chest?
Nanami: But I'm a girl. Won't he think I'm a pervert if I ask about having sex?
Chisaki: Hmm... It seems pretty normal to me.
Chisaki: Also, this is just a baseless assumption on my part, but I think... he's probably going out of his way to be a gentleman. Wouldn't you think so?
Chisaki: He's probably telling himself stuff like, "It's only the second day since we started dating. I don't want her to think I'm only with her for sex. And maybe she's not ready for it just yet."
Chisaki: Bluntly put, you could also say he's being a wussy.
Nanami: That was probably more blunt than it needed to be...
Chisaki: And you're pretty much doing the same, in a sense.
Nanami: Huh? I am?
Chisaki: You're trying to act like how you think a girl should act, so you're waiting for him to make the first move.
Nanami: Urk...
Chisaki: So why not just talk it out with him? I guarantee it'll be a lot better than agonizing over it all the time.
Chisaki: Part of being a couple is discovering new things about each other!
Nanami: I'll keep that in mind.
Chisaki: Great! Anything else on your mind?
Nanami: Nope, that was it. Thanks, Chisaki-chan.
Nanami: I still don't quite know what I'm gonna do... but I'll think it through on my own.
Chisaki: Okay. I'm gonna turn the lights off now.
Nanami: Mhm.
Chisaki: Hey, Nanami-chan.
Nanami: Yeah?
Chisaki: How long have you been in love with him?
Nanami: Um...
Chisaki: Oh, you don't HAVE to answer. I'm just asking out of simple curiosity.
Nanami: Well, I would tell you, it's just... there's just no one, distinct moment when it started.
Nanami: It just happened before I realized it.
Chisaki: Ohh! That's so romantic.
Nanami: (That's a good question, though... When did it happen?)
*I usually don't like to recall my life from before when I was adopted.*
*I don't have a single fond memory from those days.*
*I was born an Astral and my biological parents despised me because of it.*
*They bickered furiously with each other, day in and day out, shifting the blame onto the other for the fact that I was born an Astral.*
*I hated it all, so I mostly stayed in my room and read books. I shut myself in there and secluded myself in my own world.*
*Although the books I read weren't children's books or anything close to it. Only for the the bare necessities would my parents ever spend money for me.*
*I didn't care about the information in the books, anything worked. As my biological father was a system engineer, I often immersed myself in the various programming textbooks he had lying around.*
*One day, in an attempt to garner his favor, I decided to try and help him with his work.*
*Somehow or another, it appeared that I had an exceptional talent for it.*
*He was in awe upon seeing the work that I had produced. He was overjoyed.*
*At first, it was only here and there.*
*But before long, he began to shove all of his work onto me.*
*After that, it didn't take long until my parents grew unsatisfied with the pay from official work and began to crave more.*
*That was when I developed my cracking skills.*
*Even though I was just a child, I was fully aware of their intent. There was no love there; they only saw me as a means to make money.*
*However, I had no place else to go... so I did as they instructed me.*
*Eventually, I began to use my skills to dabble in illegal activities.*
*Fortunately, however, I was caught before the worst of it happened.*
*The one who caught me was a man by the name of Arihara Ryuunosuke. In other words, my current dad.*
*I was an Astral, who possessed cracking skills that couldn't be left unmonitored and was abused by her parents...*
*For all those reasons, he decided to take me in.*
*I accepted the offer without a hint of hesitation.*
*I had long since realized that my real parents didn't want me.*
Ryuunosuke: You're gonna be happy to hear this.
Ryuunosuke: Our family has another member starting today. You've got a little sister now, bud.
Satoru: Nobody told me about this.
Ryuunosuke: That's why I'm telling you now.
Ryuunosuke: Arihara Nanami will be her name. Isn't she cute?
Satoru: How did this just happen overnight?
Ryuunosuke: Hmm... Well, it's complicated, but basically, she was in a situation much like your own.
Ryuunosuke: I felt I had to take her in. Sorry I didn't talk to you about this beforehand, but you're just gonna have to forgive me for that.
Satoru: ......
Ryuunosuke: Are you mad at me?
Satoru: No.
Ryuunosuke: I knew you'd say that. You've got a sharp tongue, but you're a kind kid at heart.
Satoru: Shut up! And get your stinkin' hand off my head!
Ryuunosuke: Oh, don't be shy. I'm your father.
Satoru: ......
Ryuunosuke: Well, there you have it. This boy here's gonna be your big brother from now on. Ask him for anything if you ever need help.
Satoru: Hi.
Nanami: Hello...
*Back then, I didn't take Dad's words at face value.*
*I was sure I'd end up being used to earn money again.*
*That was why I never really spoke much to Dad or Onii-chan. Instead, I shut myself inside my room and resumed work using the connections I'd built up.*
*And after I got paid for my work, I gave the money to Dad as "living expenses."*
Ryuunosuke: Oh, good lord... I can't believe this. I was wondering what you've been doing in your room all day, but this is just...
*The sigh he heaved was something I wasn't used to.*
*My old parents always used to smile and happily take the money from me.*
Nanami: D-Do you need more?
Ryuunosuke: Listen to what you're saying, kid.
Ryuunosuke: No, I don't need more. I have no need for money earned by a child.
Nanami: But isn't money required to live?
Ryuunosuke: Of course it is, but I'm nowhere near poor enough that I need to rely on your labor.
Ryuunosuke: You're a kid. You don't need to worry about living expenses or any of that nonsense till you grow up.
Ryuunosuke: Actually, I'm the one who gives you money. Here, this is your allowance for this month.
Nanami: What's an allowance?
Ryuunosuke: Your parents never gave you an allowance?
Ryuunosuke: Ah, right... I forgot.
Ryuunosuke: An allowance is basically spending money for you. You can use it to buy whatever you'd like.
Ryuunosuke: You'll be getting a monthly allowance from me from now on, and I'll increase it the more you get older.
Ryuunosuke: If there's something you want that the allowance isn't enough to cover, come ask me. If I think it's something you ought to have, I'll give you a little extra to cover it.
Ryuunosuke: So no more lying about your age to do work. Are we clear?
Nanami: But what am I supposed to do if I don't work?
Ryuunosuke: You don't HAVE to do anything. Just be a kid.
Nanami: What does that mean?
Ryuunosuke: Go to school, learn, make friends, and have fun together. That's what kids do.
Nanami: But I'm an Astral... I can't make friends.
Ryuunosuke: No need to worry about that. Nobody at the school you're going to go to will know that you're an Astral.
Ryuunosuke: Well... if you still don't wanna go to school, you don't have to.
Ryuunosuke: However, no more staying cooped up in your room. You'll be eating breakfast and dinner together with us. I want you to promise me that.
Nanami: What? I'm allowed to eat together with you?
Ryuunosuke: Of course you are... Man, I didn't think it was THAT bad.
Nanami: I'm sorry.
Ryuunosuke: No, you did nothing wrong. If anything, I should apologize to you for not being considerate enough.
Ryuunosuke: As I've told you already, Satoru and I are your family now.
Ryuunosuke: So come eat with us. Alright?
Nanami: Okay...
*In a way, that was when my life as "Arihara Nanami" first began.*
*As was expected, though, things were a bit awkward for a while.*
Ryuunosuke: Sorry! Didn't mean to run so late.
Satoru: You really are freaking late... Aren't you the one who suggested this crap in the first place?
Ryuunosuke: I'm really sorry! I know this doesn't excuse me, but here, check out what I got... straight from the department store's food court! Tonight's gonna be a feast!
Ryuunosuke: Sorry I'm late, Nanami.
Nanami: It's fine. I'm used to it...
Ryuunosuke: Man, don't say that. You're gonna make me feel sad.
Ryuunosuke: Enough talking; let's eat. Satoru, you set the table.
Satoru: Fine.
Nanami: I-I...
Nanami: I'll... help...
Satoru: You don't have to. I can do it on my own.
Nanami: ......
Ryuunosuke: Oh, come on! Are you really gonna say that to your little sister? She just wants to help!
Satoru: Yeah, and you don't need two people to put a few plates on the table!
Ryuunosuke: That doesn't matter. As her brother, you say yes when she offers to help you.
Ryuunosuke: If you're gonna be mean to her, we'll just eat without you. How about that?
Satoru: What the heck?! You're the one who said we have to eat together!
Satoru: Why don't I get any food?
Ryuunosuke: It's punishment for a brother who's being nasty to his sister.
Satoru: I wasn't being mean to her.
Nanami: U-Umm! Please don't fight... I'm sorry.
Ryuunosuke: We're not really fighting.
Ryuunosuke: Sorry we worried you. We should be the ones apologizing, not you.
Ryuunosuke: Come on, you too.
Satoru: Why do I have to apologize?
Ryuunosuke: We got into this in the first 'cause you couldn't just be nice to her!
Satoru: Will you frickin' listen to me?!
Nanami: ......
Satoru: Don't you look at me with those puppy dog eyes. Look, fine. I'm sorry.
Satoru: If you wanna help me, then let's get going.
Satoru: I don't even understand why you wanna help me set the table... You're seriously weird.
Ryuunosuke: She has a name, you know. Did you forget it already?
Satoru: I know, it's Nanami. Of course I remember it. I'm not a freaking idiot.
Satoru: Go on and take those plates to the table, Nanami.
Nanami: Okay...
*Dad often arrived home late because of work.*
*However, I could clearly see that he was making an effort to get us all together at the table for dinner every day.*
*Back then, Satoru-kun was a lot more abrasive than he is now.*
*Still... I could tell that he cared about me, in his own sort of awkward way.*
*I honestly didn't know what to make of these two new people in my life.*
*Dad had even refused to take money from me.*
*Why were they being so kind to someone who offered nothing to them in return?*
*One day, I couldn't take it any longer and asked Dad that exact question.*
Ryuunosuke: You can ask me all you want, but the answer's gonna remain the same. I didn't adopt you to "use" you in any way.
Ryuunosuke: I adopted you because, well, your eyes didn't strike me as the eyes of a child.
Ryuunosuke: In more specific terms, they were emotionless.
Ryuunosuke: You know, Satoru used to be the same way. Well, he didn't have it as bad as you, though...
Ryuunosuke: Kids like that are always distrustful of everything and everyone. They seal their true selves in a box and shut it tightly away.
Ryuunosuke: Because of that, they don't know how to interact with other people.
Ryuunosuke: I know how it's like first hand. Back when I was younger... I was one of those kids myself.
Ryuunosuke: So I know one of those kids when I spot 'em.
Ryuunosuke: I know better than anyone else what happens if they don't get the help they need.
Ryuunosuke: So how can I just avert my eyes knowing full well the eventual outcome? All the more so when it's a young child like you.
Ryuunosuke: Human beings live by supporting one another.
Ryuunosuke: And like I just said, I used to be the same as you two.
Ryuunosuke: What allowed me to change was the fact that I had a person in my life who helped me change. I owe that person a lifetime of gratitude.
Ryuunosuke: I wanted to do for you what that person did for me.
Ryuunosuke: That was my initial motivation, at least, but it's changed a little.
Ryuunosuke: I love you two, and enjoy having you as my family.
Ryuunosuke: The thought of working for my son and daughter also motivates me to work hard at my job.
Ryuunosuke: I'm treating you nicely because that's how family treats one another. It's normal.
Ryuunosuke: You're already an irreplaceable part of my family. Satoru as well, of course.
Ryuunosuke: Not making much sense to you, eh? Well, that's understandable.
Ryuunosuke: I just hope that one day you'll look back on this conversation and know what I was talking about.
*To be honest, I wasn't able to understand his words at that time.*
*What I did more or less take away from it was the "supporting each other" part.*
*I needed to support Dad in non-financial ways.*
*After arriving at that conclusion, I used my own money to buy ingredients and began to learn how to cook.*
*After looking up various recipes online, I decided to start out with salt-grilled horse mackerel with beef and potato stew for my first attempt.*
*In addition, I also made rice and miso soup.*
*Needless to say, it was a catastrophic failure.*
*The rice was mushy, the miso soup tasteless, the fish burnt, and the stew had a putrid, unappetizing smell.*
Nanami: I'm sorry...
Ryuunosuke: Wasn't this your first time cooking? Come on, don't beat yourself up over it.
Ryuunosuke: I'm just happy that you decided to cook for me!
Ryuunosuke: Actually, it's impressive enough that you were able to cook all this in the first place. You're amazing, Nanami-chan!
Satoru: Yuck... *munch* *munch*...
Nanami: I'm sorry.
Ryuunosuke: Satoru. You need to watch what you say, boy.
Satoru: Why? It tastes like crap.
Satoru: *munch* *munch*... This is awful...
Ryuunosuke: If it's so bad, then why are you eating it?
Satoru: There's nothing else to eat. And she tried real hard on it... so I don't wanna throw it away.
Satoru: Just because it's crap doesn't mean I can't eat it. I'm just giving my opinion.
Ryuunosuke: You know, I've had a hunch for a while now, but you really are a tsundere.
Satoru: Shut up! I have to eat it, otherwise you'll get all mad at me and accuse me of being a bad brother.
Ryuunosuke: You bet. I'd punch you in the face too.
Satoru: That's child maltreatment!
Ryuunosuke: You know some big words, do you now? Ahaha!
Satoru: Get your hand off my head, dang it!
Nanami: ......
Ryuunosuke: And as for you, Nanami.
Nanami: I'm sorry... I won't do it again.
Ryuunosuke: No, no. If you wanna cook, then go for it.
Ryuunosuke: However, stop using your own money for it. I'll pay for anything housework related. You got that?
Nanami: I can try again?
Ryuunosuke: Of course.
Nanami: But...
Satoru: ......
Ryuunosuke: Don't worry about Satoru. He's just a tsundere.
Satoru: Stop calling me that!
*I couldn't find any other job I could do, so I settled on housework.*
*At first, it was a string of failures.*
*Both with cooking, and cleaning, and laundry.*
*Every time I messed up, I felt awful.*
*But Satoru-kun was always there to make things better.*
*Every time I cooked, he'd always clean his plate despite saying how bad it was.*
*When a cup would slip out of my hand and shatter, he would make sure I was unhurt and clean up the bits of broken glass for me.*
*When I would accidentally wash clothes along with tissues, he would tell me I just had to rinse the clothes with fabric softener one more time.*
Satoru: Hey.
Nanami: Wh-What?
Satoru: You're gonna go out shopping for dinner, yeah? I'll come along. Dad told me not to let you go alone and besides, you probably can't carry everything by yourself.
Nanami: I'm sorry...
Satoru: Why do you keep apologizing all the time?
Nanami: Well...
Satoru: Actually, I kinda need to, um... tell you something. Th-Thanks.
Nanami: Huh?
Satoru: Your cooking's gotten pretty good lately, so... thanks.
Nanami: ......
Satoru: Let's go already, Nanami.
*His words were brusque and abrasive, as always.*
*But he held his hand out to me, called me by name, and waited for me.*
Nanami: Mhm...
*So I mustered up my courage and took his hand.*
Nanami: ......
*Thinking back now, that might had been the first time I ever held hands with anyone.*
*The touch and warmth of his skin was surprising and bewildering... but at the same time, also very comforting.*
Satoru: So what do we gotta get first? What are we gonna have for dinner anyways?
Nanami: I-I haven't decided yet...
*His grip on my hand was tight so that we wouldn't get separated.*
*In all of my life, nobody had ever given me that warmth.*
*It was such a nice feeling, but I didn't know why.*
Nanami: U-Umm... A-Arihara-san...
Satoru: What? You do realize you're an Arihara too?
Nanami: O-Oh, right...
Satoru: My name is--
Nanami: Satoru...
Satoru: Come on...
Nanami: I-I'm sorry... S-Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Why do you sound so insecure... Well, whatever.
Satoru: So what is it?
Nanami: Is there anything... specific you'd... like to eat?
Satoru: Well... I don't care as long as it's good.
Nanami: *sniffle*... I'm sorry.
Satoru: Don't get all teary-eyed on me! Didn't I just tell you I thought your cooking was getting pretty good?
Satoru: So just go with something you already know how to make.
Nanami: What did you like?
Satoru: Err... your curry, I guess.
Nanami: I'll make curry then.
*From that day forward, I began to work extra hard in order to please Satoru-kun.*
*I gave my all at cooking, cleaning, and laundry.*
*Earning his praise felt good and gave me the motivation to strive harder.*
*That was something I had never experienced in my previous life.*
*This was when I began to tie it all back to the things Dad had told me.*
*At my previous home, I lived with my mother and father who were my blood parents.*
*But they didn't regard me as family.*
*At my new home, I live with two people whom I bear no blood relation to.*
*But they consider me family.*
Nanami: I want them to be my family...
*I wanted to be a daughter, a sister--not some tool to earn money.*
*Little by little, I began to willingly show them my true feelings instead of meekly obeying their every word.*
*I was scared of opening up my heart to others.*
*What if they don't like who I am? They might hate me if I say no to them.*
*Those thoughts tormented me, and it was hard for me to hold a proper conversation with them because of it.*
*But I didn't want to give up. The wish to form a true family bond outweighed the fear.*
*It wasn't all sunshine and rainbows.*
*There were times when I cried, and times when we argued and fought.*
*I still believe that I caused both Dad and Onii-chan a heck of a lot of trouble back then.*
*But no matter what, they always loved me as daughter and sister respectively. That love was something I had never gotten from my real family.*
*After overcoming those trials and tribulations, the sum of everything we cultivated--all the experiences and feelings we shared--eventually bore fruit... and we became a true family.*
*That was also when I realized... that I was in love with Satoru-kun.*
*In the process of becoming family, these feelings of mine must have grown past that... into something more.*
*And now, our relationship has undergone a drastic change.*
*From brother and sister... to boyfriend and girlfriend.*
*This might very well result in the destruction of everything we worked so hard to cultivate.*
*Which is why I locked these feelings deep within my heart for the longest of times.*
*But I know... even had I not confessed, our relationship would have gone in this direction eventually.*
*After that realization hit me, I started to want more.*
*I want to feel all of him... not as family, but as lovers.*
*It's the same as it was in the past. The desire outweighs the fear.*
Nanami: Oh, I think I get it now. Maybe he's worried about my past...
*Because of how I lived before he and I met.*
*At that point in my life, I wasn't allowed to say no. I had to comply with everything I was told to do.*
*He might be worried about lusting after me too strongly because of that...*
Nanami: I swear, he can be so overprotective... I'm not a child anymore.
*I'm perfectly capable of saying no when I don't want something.*
*And he and Dad are the ones responsible for that change.*
*Yet he's still letting that hold him back... How many years ago was that? My feelings aren't weak and indistinct. I wouldn't possibly let that stop me.*
Nanami: This is actually starting to irk me now.
Nanami: I've been building up these feelings for way longer than you think, Satoru-kun... You stupid dummy...
================================================================================
Satoru: ......
*I wake up and sit upright in my bed.*
*A few days have passed since Nanami and I became a couple.*
*Things were going great at first... but I feel like a rift's formed between us recently.*
Satoru: Well, I can worry about that later. Time to get up.
Satoru: Ah.
Nanami: Good morning.
Satoru: Good morning.
*Following that terse greeting, she walks right past me.*
*She's been acting like this for the last couple days.*
*More specifically, it started after that one day when she came for help with her homework, but ended up tutoring me instead.*
*She's been in a noticeably sour mood ever since.*
*We also haven't had any lovey-dovey time either.*
Satoru: Is she mad at me because I flubbed the problem?
*No, she wouldn't let something that tiny get to her this much.*
*But then what's the cause?*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: *sigh* What am I gonna do?
Satoru: I never expected to get THIS stressed out over not being able to talk to Nanami.
*Things like this never happened when she was just my sister.*
*It seems my love for her is far greater than I even thought it was. My heart feels empty without her.*
*The current rift between us really puts that into perspective.*
Satoru: I have to use this weekend to fix things. We gotta talk things through, face to face.
Satoru: Hey, Nanami! You in there?
*I lightly knock on her door and call her name.*
*But no response comes.*
Satoru: Err, don't tell me this is on purpose...
*Is she upset to the point that she's ignoring me?*
Chisaki: Oh, hi, Senpai.
Satoru: Hi, Mibu-san.
Chisaki: If you're looking for Nanami-chan, she's out right now.
Satoru: She is?
Chisaki: Yep. She went shopping, and before you ask, she didn't tell me what she was going out to buy.
Satoru: Hmm...
Satoru: Well, thanks anyways. Could you let me know when you see her get back? I'll be in my room.
Chisaki: Sure! I'll do that.
Satoru: Thanks a lot.
*I worked up all my courage, only to miss her.*
Satoru: Boy, that sure puts a damper on your spirits.
*I wonder what she's out buying, though?*
Satoru: I wish she would've told me or something. I could've gone with her, at least.
Satoru: She's not THAT mad at me, is she?
*Guess I'll study in the meanwhile while I wait for her to return.*
Satoru: Okay... so by substituting this equation, I can solve for a.
Kyouhei: Satoru? It's me.
Satoru: Oh, Kyouhei. Door's open, come on in.
Satoru: You need something?
Kyouhei: I got a message from Chisaki-chan.
Satoru: Mibu-san? I'm guessing it's about Nanami?
Kyouhei: Mhm. She's back, apparently.
Satoru: Okay.
Kyouhei: Oh, but she's not in her room. She's in the canteen right now.
Satoru: Why would she be there at this time of day?
Kyouhei: I dunno why, but apparently she asked the cafeteria lady to let her use the kitchen.
Kyouhei: I think she's probably cooking something.
Satoru: She's cooking something?
Nanami: Hngh!
*With a loud "bam!" Nanami flattens dough with the palm of her hand.*
*After that, she uses a rolling pin to roll the dough into a circular shape with trained movements.*
Nanami: Hmph!
*She swiftly brings her palm down once again. It's like she's taking out her rage on the gyoza dough.*
*Following that, she rolls again.*
*She repeats the process, again and again.*
*This sight is one I'm all too familiar with.*
Chisaki: Oh, hey there, Senpai.
Satoru: Thanks for the info, Mibu-san.
Chisaki: No problem. And sorry I had you relay the message for me, Suou-senpai.
Kyouhei: Nah, it's no big deal.
Kyouhei: So, err, has this been going on for a while?
Chisaki: Yep, exactly like you see. She's shaping the dough, banging her hands down on it "Bam! Bam!" like some gorilla.
Mayu: Those are gyoza wrappers, aren't they?
Hazuki: So it would seem. She's also made a filling.
Ayase: Is this that family rule or whatever that you told us about prior?
Satoru: Probably...
*The violent way she's rolling the dough leaves little room for doubt.*
Mayu: Gyoza, huh... I could totally go for some right now.
Chisaki: Oh, you're in luck! When I went up and talked to her just a second ago, I asked her to make some for us too.
Mayu: Way to go, Chisaki-chan! I can always count on you.
Chisaki: Much obliged.
Mayu: I better go get some of my barley juice then!
Chisaki: I could really go for a soda.
Kyouhei: Oh, I actually have a couple bottles in my room. Want me to bring you one?
Chisaki: Oh, really? Thanks so much!
Hazuki: Also, I must ask... Arihara-kun. If memory serves me, gyoza are an omen that she's upset about something, according to your family rule or whatnot.
Hazuki: So this would thus mean that you did something to upset her, would it not?
Satoru: Err... yeah, umm...
Ayase: You've only been dating for a single week.
Ayase: Isn't this a tad bit soon to be having a fight?
Satoru: I'm plenty ashamed myself over it... Hm?
Satoru: What did you just say?
Ayase: I asked if it wasn't a tad bit soon to be having a fight.
Satoru: No, before that.
Ayase: You've only been dating for a single week.
Satoru: Who told you we were dating?!
Ayase: Did you truly and honestly believe no one would notice when you two were acting so flirtatious around each other?
Hazuki: Indeed. I myself put the pieces together after only the second day.
Kyouhei: Err, from what I remember, you were freaking out and screaming "What are you all talking about?!"
Hazuki: S-S-S-Suou?! Why can't you at least let me have this moment?!
Hazuki: And I WAS telling the truth--partially! I did notice that something was strange, I just couldn't put my finger on what it was...
Chisaki: You should've seen Nanami-chan during class; she was grinning from start to finish. I'd have to be blind not to notice.
Mayu: We also got confirmation from her too.
Satoru: From Nanami?
Chisaki: Yeah, we wanted to warn you guys to make it less obvious in public, so I went ahead and asked her.
Satoru: Man. Was it really that obvious?
Hazuki: Less so during the past few days, because of your fight, I assume.
Ayase: Oh, but us five are the only ones who noticed. And we aren't going to tell anyone else.
Kyouhei: Other people might've noticed something going on between you two, but I doubt they know exactly what it is.
Kyouhei: And because things have kinda simmered down these past couple of days, they probably think you've just gone back to normal.
Satoru: Ah. Well, that's good.
Ayase: You really ought to be more careful.
Satoru: Thanks. We were pretty elated at first, but we'll try to keep it on the low in the future.
Hazuki: That is good to hear... but I don't believe we ever established why Nanami-kun is upset in the first place.
Satoru: Well...
Chisaki: Hold on, Nijouin-senpai. I know you're curious, but I don't think we need to pry into their personal matters.
Hazuki: Still, however!
Mayu: I don't know what exactly happened, but you do want to make up, right?
Satoru: Of course.
Mayu: And the fact that Nanami-chan's openly showing how upset she is proves that she wants to make up too, in my opinion.
Mayu: Outsiders like us butting in would only make things worse.
Ayase: I would have to agree. If the two of them can't work things out on their own, and come to us for help, then we can butt in.
Hazuki: Hrm... I see.
Kyouhei: Well, I wouldn't be able to help anyway.
Hazuki: But--of course not.
Hazuki: Being someone who is single, I suppose I'm wholly incapable of providing sound advice to help solve a lover's quarrel.
Chisaki: Yeah, so let's just wait quietly for our gyoza.
Hazuki: Would it not be better for us to go lend her a hand then?
Chisaki: I don't think we should. From what we've been told, it helps her vent. 
Mayu: Boy, I can't wait for the gyoza. Oh, she's started to wrap them now.
Mayu: Mhhh, they look so good!
Satoru: ......
*It's been a while since I last had Nanami's gyoza.*
*They're quite delicious, so I'm definitely excited... but what am I supposed to do to cheer her up again?*
*I keep watching Nanami single-mindedly produce gyoza in silence while frantically searching for an answer to that question.*
*The sizzling sound of oil fills my ears.*
*At the same time, a nice, savory smell enters my nose.*
*Nanami finally opens the lid, and perfectly fried gyoza appear.*
*Nanami and I went to my room to eat them.*
*As for Kyouhei and the rest of the girls, they're eating theirs in the canteen right now, probably having a great time.*
Nanami: ......
Satoru: ......
Nanami: They'll get cold.
Satoru: S-Sorry. I'll have one.
Nanami: Go ahead.
*We start eating.*
*After biting through the crispy fried wrap, the savory taste of the filling spreads across my mouth.*
Satoru: Mhh, they're great. You really are the best cook ever.
Nanami: Thanks.
Satoru: ......
*Her tone was apathetic.*
*Either way, I shouldn't let that distract me for now. I just need to focus on clearing the large plate of gyoza before they get cold.*
*That's how it always goes.*
*First we fill our stomachs while they're nice and piping hot, then we talk.*
*It's our own little rule.*
*Abiding by it, I keep eating, and by the time I'm finally full, the gyoza are all gone.*
Satoru: (She doesn't seem furious with me... so that's a relief, at least.)
*The number of gyoza increase dramatically when she's TRULY mad.*
*I end up having to stuff my stomach past capacity as a form of apology, no matter how painful it may be.*
*But judging by today's quantity, we should be able to talk things out without shouting.*
Satoru: Thanks, I loved them.
Nanami: You're welcome.
Satoru: So, um, Nanami... I'm really sorry!
Nanami: And what are you apologizing for?
Satoru: For not understanding the reason why you're upset.
Nanami: *sigh*
Nanami: Well, I totally saw this coming.
Satoru: I looked back at everything I did and tried to figure out what could've upset you.
Satoru: But... nothing really came to mind. The closest thing was that test we did where I failed it miserably...
Satoru: Though I just can't see you getting this upset over something like that.
Nanami: Right. It's not the reason why I'm upset.
Satoru: I give up then. What did I do?
Nanami: I'm upset because you don't trust me.
Satoru: What do you mean?
Satoru: I do trust you.
Nanami: Maybe so, but not completely.
Nanami: If you did, you'd be more honest.
Satoru: How so?
Nanami: When you told me you wanted a hug as a reward... I knew that wasn't what you REALLY wanted.
Nanami: That to me makes it seem like you don't believe in the sincerity of my feelings for you.
Satoru: ......
Nanami: And that made me super mad. My feelings are nowhere near murky enough for you to have those kinds of concerns.
Nanami: I'm not the same person I was back when I was first adopted. I'm not a child anymore; I can say no to things I don't want.
Nanami: I mean, sure, from your perspective, I might be just the same little sister as back then... but I've grown a lot since.
Satoru: ......
Nanami: In case I need to tell you, I meant mentally, not physically.
Satoru: I know!
Nanami: Do you now? The way you're leering at me says otherwise.
Satoru: I'm not leering at you, geez!
Nanami: Well... in all honesty, I wouldn't mind that.
Nanami: If you were, that'd mean you trust me and believe that I really love you.
Satoru: ......
Nanami: Onii-chan, I want you to know: I truly love you from the bottom of my heart.
Satoru: You were right on the mark. I treated you like a child and made light of your feelings for me.
Satoru: I've changed, and so have you. It's about time I truly accepted that.
Nanami: Yeah, it is.
Satoru: I'm really sorry for not fully trusting you.
Nanami: I'm just glad you realize it now.
Nanami: But that's not enough to earn my forgiveness. I demand that you get on and prove it to me physically.
Satoru: So, I guess you want me to... apologize over and over again?
Nanami: No, I want you to... um... give me your virginity...
Satoru: Ah, getting on by getting it on.
Nanami: What? Did you seriously just say that with a straight face? Keep those awful puns to yourself, please... God, that really annoyed me.
Satoru: Is it really that big of a deal?
Nanami: I'm trying to have a serious conversation here and you're trying to make dirty jokes. Do you not see why that might irk me?
Satoru: Sorry, yeah, that was my bad. I'm trying to chicken out again.
Satoru: But I'm done doing that, Nanami.
Satoru: ......
*I take a deep breath.*
*After that, I lift my head and look straight at her.*
Satoru: I've made up my mind. I won't lie, or hide my true feelings from you.
Satoru: My love for you is the kind that makes me want to have sex with you... so I'm going to be upfront about it.
Nanami: Me too. I love you so much that I want to have sex with you.
Satoru: Then... Nanami.
Nanami: Mhm... Let's have sex, Onii-chan.
*Slowly, we move our lips closer to each other...*
Satoru: Ah.
Nanami: Y-Yeah?
Satoru: I reek of gyoza...
Nanami: You DON'T believe in me.
Satoru: No, I just don't wanna have bad breath...
Nanami: I had some of the gyoza too. It'll be fine.
*.........*
*......*
*...*
Nanami: Ahhhh... Onii-chaaan.
*Nanami latches onto me with a truly blissful smile.*
Satoru: You need to pull yourself together, Nanami.
Nanami: What? That's not gonna happen, I'm afraid. This is the happiest I've felt in my whole life!
Satoru: Well, I feel the same way.
Satoru: The problem is, though, everyone's gonna know what happened if you've got a big grin on your face.
*She was so upset they thought we'd had a fight.*
*We've been alone in my room for a couple hours after eating the gyoza.*
*If we come back, and everything is magically back to normal... or should I say, BEYOND normal.*
Nanami: Yeah... but I think they'll figure out either way.
Satoru: Probably.
*That being said, avoiding them isn't an option.*
*We still have dinner and bathtime.*
Satoru: Well, let's go ahead and take down our dishes.
Mayu: Oh, they're back.
Hazuki: H-Have you two reconciled?
Ayase: Seeing that they've come down together, I think we can take that to mean that everything is alright now.
Kyouhei: Yep.
Satoru: Sorry for worrying you guys.
Nanami: Sorry.
Hazuki: Ah, okay. That is quite the relief to hear.
Chisaki: I'm so glad you made up with each other.
Chisaki: Oh, right! Your gyoza were super delicious, Nanami-chan.
Nanami: Were they? Thanks.
Hazuki: I fully agree. The crispy outside and everything else made them truly delicious. Thank you kindly for treating us.
Ayase: Thank you.
Mayu: That was some seriously amazing gyoza, Nanami-chan... You really are a great cook.
Nanami: Thank you.
Mayu: Also, I'm glad you've made up.
Nanami: Th-Thank you.
Kyouhei: Are her gyoza always that good?
Satoru: Hm, I feel like they were even better than usual.
Chisaki: I'd love to try some of your other cooking sometime!
Ayase: I would even be fine with more gyoza.
Mayu: So, I have to ask... Weren't you two up there a teensy bit long just to eat some gyoza?
Nanami,Satoru: ......
Chisaki: You aren't even trying to hide it! It's so adorable.
Mayu: Well, I won't ask any tactless questions. I'm just happy everything's fine again.
Satoru: Again, sorry for worrying you.
Nanami: But it's all good now. Thanks for your support, everyone.
Kyouhei: Man, though... I'd really love to have Nanami-chan's gyoza again.
Kyouhei: Those were to die for.
Chisaki: Oh, you said it.
Mayu: That's easy. We just gotta get them to have a fight again, and voila! More gyoza.
Kyouhei: Oh, smart thinking!
Satoru: Oh, shut up, you. You better not try anything like that.
Nanami: Y-Yeah, you don't have to. I can make gyoza again any time.
Mayu: Sorry, I was just trying to make a lighthearted joke, but I guess that was a little rude.
Mayu: I sincerely apologize.
Mayu: I did really enjoy the gyoza, though, so I hope that next time you make them for us, you're not doing so because you're upset or anything.
Mayu: Also, please tell us whenever there's something troubling you. I just get so concerned when I see you two not getting along.
Satoru: Yeah, we will.
Hazuki: I parrot her words. It's bad for our hearts when we have to watch that without knowing what is truly going on.
Ayase: Should you ever need our help, just say the word and we'll do our best.
Nanami: Okay... Thank you everyone!
Kyouhei: I'm glad to see you two together and smiling again.
*If we hadn't sorted this out... I might have ultimately ended up damaging our relationship.*
*Which is why I'm really glad she mustered up her courage and told me what was on her mind.*
*I feel like we've finally become a couple in the true sense.*
================================================================================
Ryuunosuke: "Err, I'm sorry. I don't think I quite caught that."
Ryuunosuke: "What exactly did you just say?"
Satoru: Nanami and I...
Nanami: Satoru-kun and I...
Nanami,Satoru: Hope to become a couple.
Ryuunosuke: "What are you, little kids telling me what you want to be when you grow up?"
Satoru: Well, that wasn't intentional, but either way, we aren't joking.
Nanami: Mhm. This isn't some kind of insensitive joke.
Nanami: We wouldn't joke about something like this. I seriously... love Onii-chan.
Satoru: And I seriously love Nanami as a woman.
Ryuunosuke: "......"
Nanami,Satoru: ......
*Nanami and I bear the heavy silence with bated breath and wait for Dad's response.*
*How much time has passed?*
*It felt like tens of minutes, yet at the same time also like mere moments.*
*Then, I hear his breath, and he finally begins to speak.*
Ryuunosuke: "Satoru... You're one hell of a siscon."
Satoru: Urk!
*Those words hit like a needle through my heart.*
Satoru: W-Well... I admit it might seem that way to you.
Satoru: But no matter what anyone says or thinks, I truly love--
Ryuunosuke: "Yeah, I know you do. I heard you the first time, so please, shut up."
Ryuunosuke: "You said you 'hope' to become a couple... but you have already discussed this amongst yourselves, haven't you? It's not my place to dictate your lives."
Satoru: You're alright with it?
Ryuunosuke: "My opinion on it doesn't mean shit. You both clearly love each other, so I'm not gonna butt in and tell you no you can't."
Satoru: O-Okay...
Ryuunosuke: "What, you got a problem with that? If you want me to raise hell, I'll be glad to."
Ryuunosuke: "Not a chance in hell I'm allowing that! No way! Nanami-chan's gonna be Daddy's little girl for the rest of her life!"
Satoru: Please, just stop. I can't even laugh at that.
Nanami: I agree... That was more than a little disgusting, Dad.
Ryuunosuke: "Wait, I was joking. I wasn't serious. Don't think I'm actually disgusting, Nanami-chan!"
Ryuunosuke: "If you want my honest thoughts, I'd rather it be Satoru than random fellow I know nothing about."
Satoru: Is that... because you trust me?
Ryuunosuke: "What do you think? We've been living together for years and you're my son. Of course I trust you."
Ryuunosuke: "And if you two hook up with each other, we don't have to run any background checks. It's all easy work."
Satoru: Wow...
Ryuunosuke: "Honestly, it's hardly a surprise."
Satoru: Huh?
Nanami: What do you mean?
Ryuunosuke: "I've known for years that you had a thing for Satoru."
Nanami: Whaaaaaaaaat?!
Ryuunosuke: "Are you serious? You really thought I didn't know?"
Nanami: No, of course not! Why? Why do you know?
Ryuunosuke: "Food was always seasoned the way Satoru liked it. Whenever he told you he liked it, you'd always get all bashful and smile."
Ryuunosuke: "There was a clear difference there compared to when I'd compliment your cooking skills."
Ryuunosuke: "Plus you stuck to him like glue, followed him wherever he went, and even insisted on joining the SFD once he did."
Ryuunosuke: "There were countless other signs too. Those were only the major ones."
Nanami: O-Oh, wow...
Ryuunosuke: "Initially I figured you were just attached to him like any sister would be to her brother... but it just felt different to me."
Nanami: Oh...
Satoru: ......
*I-I never noticed anything...*
Ryuunosuke: "You're unbelievable."
Ryuunosuke: "And not just Nanami... You're just as dense, Satoru. The fact that you didn't notice is insane."
Satoru: Urk... I...
Satoru: I have no excuses.
Satoru: I'm really sorry, Nanami.
Nanami: We're together now, so it's all good.
Nanami: Besides... I only decided recently to seriously pursue my feelings... I don't think I would've wanted you to realize before that.
Satoru: Ah, okay...
Nanami: Onii-chan...
Satoru: Nanami...
Ryuunosuke: "Argh..."
Ryuunosuke: "For crying out loud. If you wanna act all lovey-dovey, could you at least end the call first?"
Nanami,Satoru: Ahhh?!Ahhh?!
Ryuunosuke: "*sigh*... Aye yai yai. This is wearing me out."
Ryuunosuke: "Anyhow, I'm not going to object to your relationship. I mean, you might technically be siblings, but you can legally get married."
Ryuunosuke: "However, you will still be working for the SFD. No quitting on me all of a sudden, understand?"
Satoru: Yeah, of course.
Nanami: We were never considering quitting.
Ryuunosuke: "Alright, perfect. Just make sure you keep your love life separate from missions."
Satoru: Yes, sir!
*This went a lot smoother than I was expecting.*
*But wow... I didn't know Nanami'd been in love with me for such a long time...*
*I feel bad for essentially forcing her to keep those feelings locked away deep down for so many years.*
*I might see if I can make it up to her somehow.*
*The question is what...*
*Maybe a date would work?*
*Would that even serve as an adequate apology? I mean, we're basically together around the clock most days anyways.*
Satoru: ......
*I guess I should present the idea to her and see what she thinks.*
Satoru: Hey, Nanami. Would you be interested in going on a date? I'll pay for everything.
Nanami: ......
Satoru: What're you looking at me like that for?
Nanami: I'm genuinely flabbergasted. I didn't expect you to ask me out on a date at all...
Nanami: The Satoru-kun I know would think something like "We're almost always together anyways, so there's hardly any point in asking her out on a date."
Satoru: Wh-What? That's ridiculous... Hahaha!
Satoru: A-All couples go on dates. Why would I not ask you out?
Nanami: ......
*Holy shit, she straight up read my mind! All those years we've lived together definitely haven't gone by unnoticed.*
*She knows me better than I know myself.*
Nanami: Also, saying you'll pay is totally unlike you. You normally wouldn't do that.
*Come to think of it... it's like I was very blatantly telling her I wanted to earn her thanks, so I guess it came off as a bit unnatural.*
Nanami: This is all veeeery suspicious. I just know you've got foul intentions in mind.
Satoru: Wow, I would never.
Nanami: But it's clear as day to me that you didn't just make your offer 'cause you wanted to go on a date.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: *sigh*... I can't hide anything from you.
Nanami: You can't. We've been together since we were kids.
Nanami: Okay, fess up. What's this all about?
Satoru: Alright, I'll tell you.
Satoru: But one thing: It really isn't anything bad.
*After that preface, I tell her about how I felt bad that I didn't notice how she felt about me sooner.*
*I also let her know that I want to do something to make it up to her.*
*She just stands there silently listening.*
*Then, the moment I finish...*
Nanami: *sigh*...
*She heaves a long, heavy sigh in evident exasperation.*
Satoru: Why the sigh?
Nanami: Because you're completely off in your thinking. Did you not hear me say I wouldn't have wanted you to realize?
Nanami: I don't need an apology out of you for that, so you have no reason to pay for me on our date.
Satoru: But--
Nanami: Onii-chan.
Satoru: Yes.
*Her stern interruption causes me to reflexively straighten my back as I reply.*
Nanami: I appreciate how you feel, but you don't have to go out of your way to do things you think a boyfriend should.
Nanami: We won't get anywhere if we just try to fit a mold.
Satoru: I get your point, I guess...
Nanami: Don't get me wrong, I'm completely fine with going on a date.
Nanami: What I don't want is a date where we can both enjoy ourselves freely.
Nanami: Also, if you pay, I'll be too worried about making you pay too much, so I'll skip going to places I want to, and I won't eat the things I want to.
Nanami: You don't need to pay for me, and you don't need to take me to some fancy place.
Nanami: Dates are all about spending time with someone you love.
Nanami: So... instead of something expensive and extravagant, I'd rather have something simple so we can go on more of them.
Nanami: That's what matters to me most, Onii-chan.
Satoru: ......
*The natural smile she flashes at me causes the tension to escape my shoulders.*
Satoru: Yeah, I understand.
Satoru: I shouldn't take everything written on the internet at face value.
Nanami: Absolutely. We already know intrinsically what makes us most comfortable around each other.
Nanami: You don't need to be overly considerate of me. You can express your feelings in other ways that are just as valid.
Satoru: Thanks, Nanami.
Satoru: I'll ask you out again once I have a plan in mind.
Nanami: I'll be waiting then!
*Alright, so the big question is...*
Satoru: Where should we go?
*A place that'll allow us to relax and just enjoy ourselves...*
*But still feels like an actual date.*
Satoru: Is it just me or are those conditions super hard to meet?
*Well, I could always just go the simple route and see a movie with her... but there's nothing showing right now that I'm interested in.*
*Window shopping maybe? Nah, that kinda feels forced...*
Satoru: Hmm...
Kyouhei: What's up? Something on your mind?
Satoru: Nothing much... Just thinking about our upcoming date.
Kyouhei: You're going on a date?
Satoru: Can I ask you for some advice?
Kyouhei: I can't guarantee I'll be able to help, but I'll at least try.
Satoru: So the thing is--
*I tell him about the date I'm planning to go on with Nanami and what I'm currently mulling over.*
Satoru: I don't want anything too fancy, but going too simple would also be bad...
Satoru: I'm having trouble thinking of some place that'd strike a good balance.
Kyouhei: Ahh, right. I think I get the gist of your problem.
Satoru: Can you think of any place?
Kyouhei: I sure wish I could, but I've never actually been on a date before.
Satoru: Well, you've still lived in this town for longer than me.
Satoru: If you've heard about any neat places that'd fit my criteria, I'm all ears.
Kyouhei: Hmm. All I really got are restaurants where you can get tons of food for cheap.
Kyouhei: I'm not exactly the kinda guy to go to for date recommendations.
Satoru: Damn.
Kyouhei: Sorry I couldn't help.
Satoru: Nah, sorry for throwing this on you out of nowhere.
Satoru: It's not your fault for not knowing. Don't sweat it.
Kyouhei: If only I could at least come up with SOMETHING...
Kyouhei: Oh, I know. What do you think about the pool?
Satoru: What pool? Do they have an indoor waterpark in Washizu or something?
Kyouhei: No, no, I'm talking about the school pool.
Kyouhei: You know how it's easy for Astrals to get permission to use it for ability practice, but not so easy for normal students?
Kyouhei: To compensate for that, they have certain days when the pool's available for anyone to use.
Kyouhei: The next day should be Saturday, if I'm not mistaken.
Kyouhei: It's supposed to be so non-Astrals can use it too, but of course you're free to use it on those days too if you're an Astral.
Satoru: ......
*Hmm. The pool...*
*We probably wouldn't feel nervous or anything, since we'd still be on the school campus.*
Satoru: That might work, actually.
Kyouhei: Right?
Satoru: But won't there be a lot of other people there for this pool day or whatever?
Kyouhei: Well, it does in spring and summer when it gets real hot out.
Kyouhei: They do heat the water, but still, we're almost in winter. It definitely won't be super crowded. There's nothing there besides the pools, so not much reason to go.
Kyouhei: Ah, but you might wanna be careful. You'll still be on campus, so if someone you know sees you there on a date... it could spark rumors.
Satoru: Yeah, that's a possibility.
Kyouhei: I could tag along to sort of camouflage you two, if you want.
Satoru: Hmm. Thanks, Kyouhei.
Satoru: I appreciate the offer, but can I get back to you later on that? This is our first date so I don't want to screw it up.
Kyouhei: Sure. I'm not doing anything else on Saturday anyways.
Satoru: Thanks, man.
Kyouhei: No problem. I'm just doing what friends do.
Nanami: Sure, I like that. I can't wait... It's gonna be so exciting!
Satoru: What about Kyouhei's offer?
Nanami: Hmm. It'd certainly be better to have someone else there if we want to hide our relationship...
Nanami: What are your thoughts?
Satoru: To be honest, having to hide our relationship from now till graduation would be a real hassle.
Satoru: Like Dad said, we can legally get married.
Satoru: I think we should just go alone. Isn't that how dates are supposed to be?
Nanami: Mhm. I'd also prefer that.
Nanami: Let's go alone then.
Satoru: If anyone says anything, we'll just explain to them that we aren't blood-related.
Satoru: It's not like we've been intentionally hiding it; there's just never been a reason to say it.
*The fact that we were adopted might also turn into gossip fodder, but oh well.*
*That's nothing we aren't used to.*
Satoru: Then again, if we tell people that, they might think we've been dating for years.
Satoru: People might end up saying some nasty things about you...
Nanami: I don't mind. As long as I get to be with the person I love, nothing else matters...
*She leans against me.*
*After that, she looks up at me with moist eyes and whispers softly to me in an alluring tone.*
Nanami: All I need is you, Onii-chan.
Nanami: You know how gossip goes. They'll find something else to talk about the next day.
Satoru: Alright.
Satoru: Tell me if you hear anything, though. I'll keep you safe.
Nanami: Mhm. Thanks, Onii-chan.
Satoru: Okay, so we're set for this Saturday.
Satoru: And one last time: this isn't meant to be an apology or anything of the sort. I just wanna go on a date with you.
Nanami: I know!
================================================================================
Kyouhei: How've things been going lately?
Satoru: How has what been going?
Kyouhei: You and Nanami-chan. You've been dating for a while now, yeah?
Satoru: Well, there's nothing much worth noting.
Kyouhei: Glad to hear things are going swimmingly for you.
Satoru: Yeah, our date at the pool ended up being pretty nice.
Satoru: Thanks for the idea.
Kyouhei: Oh, was it? Glad I could help.
*We do bicker on occasion, and she'll also sometimes get peeved at me because of small misunderstandings.*
*But honestly, that's how it's always been.*
*Those tiny things aren't going to impede our relationship in any way.*
*And it's precisely because both she and I are aware of this that we're able to be completely open with our feelings.*
Kyouhei: Well, I wish you two all the best.
Satoru: Thanks.
Kyouhei: Well, um, I wouldn't mind if you had a legitimate fight every now and then.
Kyouhei: I'd love to try some of those delicious gyoza again.
Satoru: That'll end up shaving a few years off of my life, so I'd like to avoid that, thank you very much.
Kyouhei: Tch. Oh, well.
Satoru: But I'll tell Nanami you want to try them again.
Kyouhei: Thanks!
Satoru: Oh, no. Just glad to hear you liked 'em.
*They're her gyoza, though, so I can't really talk big.*
*Well... I'll gladly help if there's anything I can do.*
*Morning classes fly by, and lunch break is now here.*
Satoru: Hey, Nanami.
Nanami: Oh! Hi, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Sorry, were you waiting long?
Nanami: No, not really. But who cares, let's go have lunch. You're hungry, right?
Satoru: Yep.
*We're having lunch together pretty much every day lately.*
*There are times when Mibu-san or Kyouhei also tag along, but usually it's just the two of us.*
*We don't actually ask the others to leave us alone or anything. They're doing it of their own accord.*
Nanami: Where should we eat today?
Satoru: Hm... How about dorm four?
Satoru: Looks good.
Nanami: Yep... Mhh! The food here's so good!
Satoru: Definitely.
Satoru: But your cooking will always be number one for me.
Nanami: O-Oh, you... Stop saying those kinds of things when other people are around us, you dummy... Ehehe.
*The way she blushes despite grumbling at me is so cute.*
*How many times have I had that exact same thought?*
*Every little thing she does feels so much different now that she's my girlfriend and not my sister... *
Nanami: But if you want me to, I guess I can cook for you again sometime.
Satoru: Oh, that'd be nice. Thanks.
Nanami: You're welcome!
*My face loosens as I see the big smile on her face.*
*When everyone sees us acting like this day after day, it's no surprise that rumors have started to pop up.*
*Talk of us has made it to both of our classes.*
*However, thankfully, there's no mention of incest.*
*We owe that all to the fact that Nijouin-san, Mitsukasa-san, Mayu-senpai, Mibu-san, and Kyouhei knew about us.*
*They all made sure that no one stigmatized us.*
*They made sure that everyone knew we were only adoptive siblings, not blood related.*
*Considering that we're both Astrals, and everyone knows what kind of troubles Astrals have to deal with, nobody had any doubts about us being adopted.*
*Thanks to our wonderful friends, Nanami and I are able to relax and live our lives in peace.*
Satoru: ......
Nanami: Hm? What is it?
Satoru: Just thinking about how lucky we are.
Nanami: I feel the same way. Ehehe... I'll give you even more happiness, here.
Nanami: Open wide... Onii-chan.
Satoru: Nanami...
Satoru: You're just trying to make me eat the celery you don't like again, aren't you?
Nanami: ......
Nanami: Onii-chan...
Satoru: Well, only 'cause I love you.
*I open my mouth and eat the celery for her.*
Nanami: Heh.
Satoru: ......
*A smug smile forms on her face that reads "sucker."*
*In the past, that might've irked me... but the problem is, all I can think now is how cute she is.*
Nanami: D-Don't get upset at me. I'm sorry.
Satoru: I'm not upset.
Nanami: I'll... make it up to you later.
Satoru: Okay?
*I tilt my head in puzzlement.*
Satoru: Ngh?!
*I suddenly feel something twine around my leg.*
*It's almost like a snake or some tentacle coiling around me from both directions.*
*I'm being caressed... in a sexual way.*
Satoru: Nanami, what are you...
Nanami: Hm? What is it?
*She feigns ignorance and smiles, but doesn't stop caressing me with her legs.*
*Skillfully using her toes, she gently slides her feet up my shin and calf... stimulating my lower body.*
*Of course, though, she doesn't actually go for my crotch.*
*She strokes the area beneath my knee with soft movements.*
*It's not a strong stimulus by any means... but there's something really thrilling about having her play footsies with me under the table in a public place...*
Satoru: I don't think this is the right place for that.
Nanami: You know you like it.
Satoru: Well yeah, but that's the problem.
*I don't want her flipping my switch now. I mean, we still have half a day of school left.*
Nanami: You're giving me a real dirty look right now. You dirty boy.
Satoru: Speak for yourself.
Nanami: Yeah, I guess. I'm a dirty girl now... all because of you. Ehehe.
Satoru: ......
Nanami: So I'll make it up to you later... in the bedroom, Onii-chan.
*She flashes a seductive smile at me. It's the complete opposite of the innocent smile I always see her make.*
*I never thought she could pull off this kind of vibe--I mean, she's younger than me--but I have to admit... she really does have a lot of sex appeal.*
*Just the sight of that smile is nearly enough to make my heartbeat rise like a runaway train.*
Satoru: With pleasure.
Nanami: You're such a dirty boy.
*She derides me almost happily as she looks at me with moist eyes.*
Nanami: So... about later today...
Satoru: ......
*Her legs continue to lasciviously stroke me.*
*The sensation almost makes my breath stop... but unfortunately, I have to keep my desires in check for now.*
*Nanami herself likely knows that too.*
*She releases my leg from her embrace and quickly shifts back to a serious mien.*
Nanami: Any changes in plan?
Satoru: Nope, not that I've been informed of.
Nanami: Alright, I'll have everything ready.
Satoru: Mhm.
*I would love nothing more than to give in to temptation... but sadly, we have work today, so that's not happening.*
*Especially since the SFD's reputation is on the line this time.*
Ryuunosuke: "We've finally found their location for sure this time."
Ryuunosuke: "They won't catch us in another one of their traps, no matter what."
Satoru: I feel like you're gonna jinx it if you say that.
Ryuunosuke: "I realize why you might think that, but we have good reason to believe as such."
Satoru: Alright then.
Satoru: So where are they?
Ryuunosuke: "They really pulled a fast one on us. They were actually hiding close to that warehouse."
Ryuunosuke: "On top of that, they prepared a number of additional dummy hiding places like the one we fell for."
Satoru: Interesting.
Satoru: We'll head over there tonight then.
Ryuunosuke: "Yeah. Join up with the other agents on site alongside Levy Nine."
Ryuunosuke: "We'll launch our strike at 0000."
Satoru: Alright. We'll be prepared.
Satoru: This is pretty sudden, though.
Ryuunosuke: "They'll slip away again if we dawdle for too long. We need to nab them before that happens."
Ryuunosuke: "We've done all prior investigations and preparations. All that's left is to strike."
Ryuunosuke: "I'll send you the details of the operation the same way as always. Make sure to go over them."
Satoru: Yes, sir.
*Failure is not an option for tonight's mission.*
*We have to keep ourselves focused now, or else it'll hurt us later.*
*Getting into the right mindset before a mission is critically important.*
Nanami: Three, two, one... Now!
*On her count, I jump over the academy's wall with her in my arms, and then swiftly move out of the cameras' range. *
*We're utilizing our uniform's stealth function, so we don't need to worry about getting seen.*
*Even so, I still check our surroundings just as a precaution... Great. Coast's clear.*
Satoru: We're good. How's the security looking?
Nanami: No signs that they've picked up on us.
Nanami: Okay, getting rid of all traces... There. We're good to go.
Satoru: Alright, let's get going then.
Satoru: Levy Six, reporting. We're en-route to the rendezvous point.
McGregor: "McGregor, copy that. There are no changes to the operation."
McGregor: "Levy Six, move to the rendezvous point. Levy Nine, please proceed to join the mission control team."
Satoru: Levy Six, roger that.
Nanami: Levy Nine, roger that.
Satoru: Alright. I'll see you later.
Nanami: Be careful, Onii-chan.
Satoru: I'm Levy Six now.
Nanami: ......
Satoru: Come on, don't sulk on me.
Satoru: Alright, I'll be careful. So make sure you do a good job supporting me so I get out unscathed.
Nanami: I know... but you seriously need to be careful, Onii-chan.
Satoru: Don't worry. I won't let them get a single scratch on me.
Nanami: Mhm.
Satoru: It's almost time.
*It's 23:58 currently.*
*Two minutes left until midnight strikes.*
Satoru: (We won't let these bastards escape this time.)
*Activating my ability, I survey the area with my sharpened senses.*
Satoru: ......
Ryuunosuke: "Anything strange or unnatural?"
Satoru: Levy Six, reporting. Nothing to note.
Ryuunosuke: "Alright. Does anyone else have anything to report?"
*None respond to the chief's question.*
Ryuunosuke: "Nothing that might impede the mission, I assume? Alright. We'll continue as planned. This time, we won't let them get away."
Ryuunosuke: "Your goal should be to take out the targets before they have any time to react."
McGregor: "McGregor to all. Commencing countdown. Ten... Nine..."
*Just like last time, a countdown starts.*
*But today, things will be different.*
*Everyone understands how imperative it is that we succeed.*
*As such, every member present waits for the mark with bated breath.*
*And finally--*
McGregor: "Two... One... Go!"
*The moment we receive the go-ahead, we get moving.*
Satoru: ......
*There are people inside. Having confirmed that, I deactivate my ability.*
*Then I shield my eyes and ears.*
*Not a moment later...*
*A loud explosion rings out as a white flash blinds my vision.*
*It's a stun grenade that was hurled inside. Payback for what they did to us last time, you might say.*
Agents: Ah... agh...
*The unforeseen impact causes the men in the storehouse to fall to their knees and groan.*
*A second later, the SFD agents storm the building.*
*They quickly tie up the immobilized men.*
*Once the sound and flash from the stun grenade subsides, I reactivate my ability and scan the inside of the storehouse.*
*No signs of a trap.*
Levy 5: Levy Five reporting in. The two targets have been successfully apprehended. 
Satoru: Levy Six. No signs of explosives.
McGregor: "Copy that. Levy Five and the rest of the raid team, proceed to take the targets and pull out. A van is waiting outside."
Levy 5: Roger that.
McGregor: "Levy Six and the rest of the support team, proceed to retrieve everything the targets have left behind."
Satoru: Roger that.
Levy 5: Alright. I suppose that concludes this mission.
Satoru: It's not over just yet. Don't let your guard down or they could escape.
Levy 5: Likewise to you. Don't overlook something important that could come back to bite us later.
Satoru: Of course.
*Leaving the two targets to Levy Five and her team, I begin to scour the warehouse together with my own team.*
*We must retrieve absolutely everything here that has a connection with our targets.*
*It's no small area to search, but fortunately, it's relatively empty.*
*As I go around searching for things... I eventually find something that's rather conspicuous.*
*A bag that was hidden in a gap between a shelf and wall.*
Satoru: (Doesn't seem dangerous, at least.)
*The raid went smoothly and we captured both targets.*
*Having this be a trap would serve no purpose.*
*I carefully pull the bag out.*
Satoru: Hm?
*It's heavier than I imagined.*
*That said, the items inside don't seem to be explosives or other weapons.*
*It's a somewhat smallish gym bag. I carefully pull down the zipper and find...*
Satoru: Money?
*The bag is filled with stacks of money.*
*Also, curiously enough, they're dollar bills, not yen bills.*
Satoru: What the hell? There's so damn much...
*I can't even count the number of stacks at a glance--and they're all made up of 100 dollar bills.*
*It has to be at least twenty, perhaps even thirty. They're all crudely stuffed inside.*
Satoru: Is this their money? Why do they even have this much?
*I mean, the organization as a whole could easily have this much at their disposal, but why would they leave it in the hands of these lackeys? It just doesn't add up.*
*Being in a secret organization myself, I'm very familiar with how these hierarchies work. *
*The amount isn't even the strangest thing, though... It's all in foreign currency.*
*They surely wouldn't keep their funds in US dollars to do domestic operations.*
*Just the fact that they have foreign currency isn't strange in and of itself... but with such a large sum, there's definitely something going on here. *
McGregor: "McGregor to support team. The police are on the move because of the stun grenade we used."
McGregor: "Pull out from the warehouse within five minutes."
*I'll have to save those questions for later.*
Satoru: Levy Six reporting in. I've discovered an item of concern.
*After I finish my report, I receive the order to bring the bag in for further inspection.*
*Money bag in hand, I erase our traces within the warehouse and then quickly leave. *
Ryuunosuke: "Good job. Now we've been able to save face."
Satoru: So that means...
Ryuunosuke: "We've been able to capture the targets. It's highly unlikely our organization will get closed down."
Ryuunosuke: "However, we aren't quite finished with everything."
Satoru: Are you referring to the money?
Ryuunosuke: "Well, it's nothing you need to worry about. We'll question those guys and get them to tell us what's going on."
Ryuunosuke: "You two should return now. You've got school tomorrow, right? Hurry on back and get some sleep."
Satoru: Yes, sir.
Ryuunosuke: "Once again, good job. Get yourself a nice rest tonight."
Satoru: There we... go.
*After returning to Nanami's room with her in my arms, I look out the window and check the surroundings.*
Satoru: Doesn't seem like anyone's seen us.
Satoru: How's the security looking?
Nanami: All good. We weren't detected.
Satoru: Perfect.
Nanami: You did great today.
Satoru: You too.
Nanami: You didn't get hurt or anything, did you?
Satoru: Nope. As you probably know, we took 'em all out in the blink of an eye. They didn't even time to attack me.
Nanami: Yeah, I know, but I'm your girlfriend, so I just gotta make sure.
*Saying that, she begins to gently touch my body in various places.*
Nanami: Any places that hurt?
Satoru: Nope.
Nanami: What about here? Or there?
Satoru: Ah, wait! Don't--
Nanami: D-Does it hurt?!
Satoru: No, it tickles.
Nanami: Gosh! Don't scare me like that.
Satoru: Sorry.
Satoru: Either way, you're worrying over nothing. I'm telling you, I really didn't get hurt.
Nanami: I understand that on a cognitive level... but I just can't stop myself from worrying.
*She places her hand on my chest.*
*It's as if she's directly checking my heartbeat.*
Nanami: Last time you said everything would be alright and then you got caught up in that explosion...
Nanami: I was on-edge this whole time today... I was just so worried that something was gonna happen to you again.
Satoru: ......
*Right. I have to remember, that explosion was the final push that made Nanami confess her feelings to me.*
*I can hardly blame her for getting anxious again.*
*Plus, we're a couple now. That would only amplify her concerns.*
*If our roles were swapped, and she was the one to charge in there... Just imagining it fills with dread.*
Satoru: (Since I know I'm fine, it's easy for me to call her concerns silly, but what I'm really doing is writing over her feelings.)
Satoru: Sorry, Nanami.
*Not only did I worry her, I invalidated her fears by only looking at the situation from my perspective.*
*To make up for that, I gently embrace her.*
Satoru: Don't worry, I'm alright. Didn't even get a single scratch on me.
Nanami: Ah, yeah. I know... This is the warmth I know and love.
Satoru: See? You can tell when I'm holding you like this, can't you?
Nanami: ......
Nanami: No, it's not enough. I need you to... let me feel your warmth more.
Satoru: ......
*She looks up at me with moist eyes.*
*Naturally, I'm not stupid. I understand full-well what she's getting at.*
*Earlier today, during lunch break... she also rubbed my legs...*
*And the lust she stirred up inside me back then is still smoldering within my chest.*
Satoru: Nanami.
Nanami: Mhm, Onii-chan...
*She slowly closes her eyes, and I put my lips on hers.*
================================================================================
Ryuunosuke: "It turns out the dollar bills did indeed belong to them. Their fingerprints were on both the money and the bag."
Satoru: Did you get them to fess up what they were for?
Ryuunosuke: "Not yet. They're not gonna talk to us that easily."
Ryuunosuke: "However, we did uncover something in our investigation that's a bit concerning."
Satoru: That being?
Ryuunosuke: "You remember that big foreign crime syndicate I mentioned a while back?"
Satoru: Err, which one exactly?
*I obviously wouldn't forget anything work-related, but the thing is, there are quite a few organizations that qualify as "big crime syndicates," so I'm not sure which he means.*
Ryuunosuke: "It came up after the incident involving those youths who were stealing scooters using a telekinesis ability."
Satoru: Oh, right. They're the group that's supposedly engaging in human trafficking of Astrals, you mean?
Ryuunosuke: "Bingo. And we've learned that this syndicate had some business dealing with the fellas we captured. We don't know the exact details of it, but from the looks of it, they bought information."
Satoru: So the money was from that syndicate...
Satoru: Whatever the case, if they bought information from a secret organization... that sure spells bad news.
Ryuunosuke: "According to what we know, a group of their members has already infiltrated Japan. Logically thinking, we have to assume this is related to the deal."
Satoru: Would they seriously sell classified information to a crime group, though?
Ryuunosuke: "Well, had they still been a part of their organization, it would've been a clear act of treason... and their heads would've been hung, no doubt about it."
Ryuunosuke: "However, we already dismantled their organization."
*Desperation, revenge, and money to flee...*
*I guess they have more than enough reason to be selling valuable information at this point.*
Satoru: Is there anything you want me to do?
Ryuunosuke: "I need you to dig through your memory and go over everything that was in that warehouse one more time."
Ryuunosuke: "You might end up finding some sort of clue. You did memorize everything you saw, right?"
Satoru: Yeah, of course.
Ryuunosuke: "Contact me immediately if you find anything."
Satoru: Will do.
Ryuunosuke: "Thanks, and good luck. Bye."
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Not that double-checking's gonna do much of anything...
*There wasn't anything suspicious.*
*If there was, I would've noticed it the first time.*
*Still, I should at least check instead of assuming things.*
Satoru: ......
*Well, I was right, I guess...*
Satoru: (Nothing sticks out.)
*Our surprise raid on the warehouse was a complete success by all standards.*
*There also wasn't anything odd outside the warehouse.*
*The money was the only notable find.*
*And Dad's already working on that... So, in other words, there's nothing further I need to report to him.*
Satoru: ......
*I just get so antsy in situations like these where we don't have the full picture of what's going on. I can't keep myself calm, no matter what...*
*Is this some kind of occupational disease or what?*
*I seriously hope nothing happens...*
Nanami: I'm here, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Oh, hey.
Satoru: Where do you wanna eat today?
Nanami: Good question. Hrmm... Well, let's think about it while we walk.
Nanami: Mhhh! It's so nice outside.
Satoru: It really is.
Nanami: ......
Nanami: You're kind of... frowning. Something bothering you?
Satoru: Nah, not exactly. I'm just thinking about a little something.
Nanami: Is it the, um...
Satoru: Yeah. I'm checking my memories of the raid since Dad asked me to.
Nanami: And nothing stands out, I'm guessing?
Satoru: Yeah. I keep going through my mental footage, but there's just nothing.
Satoru: And that's causing my brain to burn through calories like crazy. I'm a lot more hungry than usual.
Nanami: Then you'll need to eat a big lunch. Anything in particular you wanna eat?
Satoru: Hrm...
Satoru: Moments like these make me realize the inconveniences of dorm life. Before coming here, I could've just asked you to surprise me.
Nanami: Uh, that may make things easier for you, but I don't approve of you shoving all your responsibilities onto me.
Satoru: Look, I'm sorry. Your food's literally the best in the world, so I know I'll enjoy whatever's on my plate.
Nanami: Thanks for the overexaggerated compliment.
Nanami: Actually, I'm curious. Would you want to go back to our old lifestyle if you had the choice? 
Satoru: Well, we started dating after coming here, so I'd have to say no.
Satoru: That alone makes life here better than anything else.
Nanami: Thanks again for the cheesy compliment.
*Her response is much the same, but the tone of her voice is very different.*
Nanami: You always say the silliest things. *giggle*
*In complete contrast to the tone of her words, she breaks into a bashful smile.*
*Damn... she's so cute.*
Satoru: All I'm saying is dorm life comes with a few downsides.
Nanami: Such as?
Satoru: I hardly ever get to eat your food.
Satoru: I'm not trying to be cheesy, I swear. I really do miss your food.
Nanami: I could cook for you sometime, if you want. Just tell me what you'd like.
Satoru: In that case... hmm. How about curry? I haven't had yours in a while.
Nanami: Curry? Seriously?
Satoru: What? Is there a problem with that?
Nanami: Curry's always your go-to pick when you can't think of anything.
*Well, I won't deny I've done that a few times.*
*The great thing about curry is you could eat it every day and never get sick of it.*
Nanami: Is that actually what you want, or did you just say that 'cause you hadn't actually given this any thought?
Satoru: I do actually have other dishes I'd like to have, but there's a legitimate reason I picked curry.
Satoru: See, last time you cooked for me, you ended up having to cook for all our friends too. The same thing'll happen this time.
Satoru: Kyouhei's already pestered me about it, as a matter of fact. And curry's an easy dish to make when you have to feed a lot of people, right?
Nanami: Oh, okay. That is a legitimate reason.
Nanami: Alright. How does this weekend sound? Since you're just dying to eat my cooking, I figure the sooner the better.
Satoru: Sure. I'm definitely dying to eat your curry again.
Nanami: Okay! Guess we're all set.
Satoru: Boy, I can't wait.
*Nanami's curry... Damn, my mouth's already watering.*
Nanami: Ehehe... I'm kinda excited myself now.
Nanami: Seriously, you sweet talk me into doing so much... Ehehe.
Satoru: Just tell me when you wanna go shopping. I'll come with.
Satoru: We can have ourselves a curry date.
Nanami: Sure!
================================================================================
*I talked big, but in reality...*
Satoru: (Just what are we supposed to do?)
*We're already hard-pressed on time.*
*They've scouted out the area and should have more members beyond just those two lurking in Washizu City.*
*It wouldn't be unreasonable to expect them to strike in the next few days... perhaps even tonight.*
Satoru: (They obviously aren't going to straight-up storm the academy through the front gate.)
Satoru: (After quietly creeping in at night, they'll kidnap a number of students and pull out. We should also assume that they're prepared to use force in the event that they're discovered.)
Satoru: (So if they're looking to pull this off as quick as they possibly can... how many people would they send in?)
*I may be an Astral, but my ability is "brain control."*
*Fighting multiple foes at once isn't my forte.*
Satoru: (Not only are there numerous holes in the security, each of the four dorms has Astrals living in them.)
Satoru: There's no way I'll be able to stop them on my own...
Satoru: ......
Hazuki: Something really does seem off. He's been acting jittery all throughout the day.
Kyouhei: Yeah, I agree. Think maybe something's bothering him?
Ayase: The strange thing is he looked so happy until a day or two ago.
Hazuki: Do you know anything, Suou?
Kyouhei: Unfortunately not.
Chisaki: It's gotta be something involving Nanami-chan!
Mayu: Do you think they had a fight?
Kyouhei: Whoa! Wh-Where did you guys come from...
Ayase: Chisaki-san, and even you, Shikibe-senpai... What are you two doing here?
Chisaki: Nanami's been looking really glum. She heaves these heavy sighs, and her mind seems like it's somewhere else. Just like Senpai, actually.
Mayu: Yeah, I peeked in her classroom when I walked by it coming here and she definitely didn't look like her usual self.
Ayase: Have you asked her about it?
Chisaki: Well, yeah, but she just told me everything was alright...
Chisaki: It was super obvious she was lying to me, though, which just worries me even more.
Mayu: The way they both look... it could definitely be more than just a mere fight. I feel like it's gotta be something more serious.
Kyouhei: Hmm... Well, thinking isn't gonna get us anywhere.
Kyouhei: All we can do is hear what's going on from them.
Kyouhei: Satoru.
Satoru: ......
Kyouhei: Hellooo! Earth to Satoruuu!
Satoru: Huh? O-Oh, Kyouhei. What's wrong?
Kyouhei: Uh, that's what I'm asking. What's wrong with YOU?
Ayase: I agree. Something is clearly going on.
Hazuki: You've been acting rather odd all throughout the day.
Satoru: Well...
Chisaki: And Nanami-chan's been looking kinda gloomy too.
Mayu: Is there something troubling you?
Hazuki: I would be more than glad to lend you an ear.
Mayu: Just getting it off your chest might make you feel a lot better.
Satoru: ......
Chisaki: You both look so under the weather, and we're worried.
Kyouhei: Yeah, it's seriously throwing us off.
Mayu: I told you before. When you two act off, it affects the rest of us too.
Hazuki: So if something is wrong, we'd like you to tell us.
Ayase: Is there anything we could do to help?
Satoru: ......
*This is the SFD's problem... my problem.*
*There's a lot of danger involved, so I can't drag them into this.*
*I joined the SFD despite Dad's opposition because I wanted to protect others with my powers.*
*There's no way I could willingly expose them to danger. So I'll--*
Satoru: There is...
*The words that leave my mouth are in direct contrast to my thoughts.*
Satoru: I need your help.
*I get up and bow my head to them.*
Ayase: ......
Satoru: In all honesty, it'll be dangerous. You might even end up getting hurt.
Satoru: I don't want to drag you guys into this, but I... I just can't think of any way out without relying on you all.
*I'm putting everyone in harm's way in order to protect them.*
*It's such an extreme contradiction, and I curse my own powerlessness.*
*Even so... it's the only way.*
Satoru: I can't do it without you...
*I'm biting my lip to the point of pain.*
*But still, I continue bowing my head while biting it.*
Everyone: ......
*They're all rendered speechless at the sight.*
Ayase: Color me surprised...
Kyouhei: You can say that again. Asking us for help is like the last thing I expected from him...
Mayu: Yeah, I was positive he'd brush us off.
Chisaki: Is everything alright? You didn't eat something you shouldn't have, did you?
Hazuki: How can you all be so mean to him? Think of all the courage he had to work up to say that!
Kyouhei: Uh, sorry.
Mayu: Yeah, sorry. I wasn't trying to make fun of you or anything.
Ayase: Yes. I was just genuinely surprised...
Ayase: So what exactly do you need our help with?
*This isn't something we can discuss in a classroom.*
*As such, we all gathered in my room, where I then told them everything.*
*And their reactions...*
Everyone: ......
*As expected, they're all dumbstruck.*
Ayase: So, umm... a foreign mafia is going to attack this academy soon, possibly tonight?
Hazuki: And they plan to kidnap Astrals to then sell them as weapons...
Chisaki: Sounds like something straight out of a Hollywood movie.
Mayu: I mean, you do hear the occasional rumor... Stuff like snatching Astrals through secret doors in fitting rooms and whatnot.
Kyouhei: I remember some big name politician denying it all a while back, saying it was humbug.
Mayu: You're talking about Yamabe Hirosuke. It was all over the news at the time, so I still remember it well.
Kyouhei: He denied it, but it was actually... true.
Satoru: Believe me, I know it sounds hard to stomach.
Nanami: But we're not making this up. It's all true.
Kyouhei: True. There'd hardly be any point in trying to fool us with something so absurd.
Mayu: You'd go for something much more believable if you wanted to fool us.
Hazuki: Anyhow, the point is, this is an extremely dangerous situation that requires immediate action. Is that right?
Satoru: Yeah.
Satoru: I want to do something about it... but there's nothing I can do on my own. I can't stop them.
Chisaki: Can you not just call the police?
Satoru: That's the logical solution, but I don't have any concrete proof to give them, and I can't reveal the source of my information for certain reasons.
Chisaki: So they'd probably just think you're trying to pull a prank...
Kyouhei: Besides, if they catch on that we know about their plan, they might pull out for now, and then we'd lose our one advantage.
Kyouhei: Because then we'd have no way of knowing when they'd next strike...
Satoru: Right. They might even start targeting students while they're out around town.
Hazuki: That does seem... frighteningly plausible.
Satoru: I know it's selfish, but I want to resolve this without anyone ever knowing it happened.
Ayase: Why is it necessary that no one--
Satoru: Sorry, I can't tell you.
Ayase: I see.
*Mitsukasa-san already knows that I belong to some shady organization.*
*Which is likely why she only reacted with a light nod.*
Hazuki: Are you satisfied with his response?
Ayase: Well, I wouldn't exactly say that I am... I simply figured that pressing him for answers would serve no purpose.
Hazuki: Ah, okay.
Mayu: Alright. First, let's summarize what we know.
Mayu: One, a foreign mafia is planning to raid Kikka Academy in order to kidnap Astrals. However, we have nothing to prove the validity of this information.
Mayu: Two, every second counts because they could strike any day now.
Mayu: Three, the matter needs to be resolved in secret. There can be no talk or even rumors of what transpired.
Mayu: Four, we need to use this opportunity to capture the perpetrators otherwise things may only get worse. Accordingly, security holes need to be left as is.
Mayu: With all of the above considered, only a small, handful of people who can unconditionally believe Satoru-kun and Nanami-chan will need to stop them.
Mayu: Did I get everything right?
Satoru: Yeah, you did.
Nanami: That's everything.
*Nanami and I nod with solemn expressions.*
*Hearing it all in condensed form like that, it really becomes evident how ridiculous our plan really is.*
*I wouldn't blame them for wanting no part in this whatsoever.*
*Even so, begging for their help is the only thing we can do.*
Satoru: I realize there are still a ton of unanswered questions for you guys.
Satoru: And it all sounds preposterous, and it could be incredibly dangerous for you to get involved in...
Satoru: I'm perfectly aware that we're asking for a lot... but even so, we'd like to ask for your cooperation.
Satoru: Please.
Mayu: Yeah, you're really asking for a whole lot.
Hazuki: How can you say that to them, Shikibe-senpai?
Mayu: What do you mean? They can't fully explain the situation, nor provide any evidence, yet they want help. I think anyone would agree that's asking for a lot.
Hazuki: But still--
Mayu: So let's just say you owe me for this one.
Satoru: What do you mean?
Mayu: Once this is over... I want Nanami-chan to make her delicious gyoza for us again.
Mayu: They were so good the first time, so I'm just dying to have 'em again!
Nanami: Senpai...
Nanami: If that's what you want in return for this, I'll make the best gyoza ever!
Mayu: Alrighty! We have a deal then.
Satoru: Are you sure?
Mayu: What are you trying to convince me otherwise for? You're the one who asked for my help.
Satoru: Ah, no. I wasn't trying to do that...
Nanami: I'd cook for you any time, even without this.
Mayu: Since they're after the students here, it concerns us just as much as you. I'd say a small little favor in return is perfect.
Mayu: If you're in a sticky situation, I'll be happy to help. Besides...
Mayu: I'm just genuinely happy you're relying on me.
Hazuki: Shikibe-senpai... Was that really all necessary if you were going to agree to help anyways?
Mayu: Well, maybe, but I am kinda miffed that we don't know the exact circumstances, so I wanted to make that clear.
Hazuki: Well... I do get your point...
Hazuki: Oh, right. I haven't given my answer yet, but I will help as well, of course. 
Ayase: As will I.
Satoru: Mitsukasa-san...
Ayase: Don't worry about it. I owe you for the various things you've done for me.
Satoru: Thanks.
Kyouhei: Err... I don't mind helping if you've got room for someone with no ability.
Chisaki: Yeah... I'm a little worried we might just get in the way.
Chisaki: But if there's anything I can do, just say the word, and I'm on it!
Kyouhei: Mhm. I'm not about to sit around when people are about to be kidnapped.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Thank you guys so much.
Nanami: Really, we can't thank you enough.
*Nanami and I both bow our heads deeply.*
*It's not like we specifically intended to; it just happened as we were overcome by emotion.*
Satoru: We really owe you guys.
Mayu: It's fine. We're gonna get some delicious food out of it, and that's good enough for me.
Ayase: This is also our academy as well.
Hazuki: Indeed. It is only natural that we'd help.
Kyouhei: There's not much time left, right?
Chisaki: We gotta come up with a plan stat!
*We raise our heads to see them all smiling warmly at us.*
*Mitsukasa-san, Nijouin-san, Mayu-senpai, Mibu-san, and Kyouhei. They're all ready to give their all to help me and Nanami.*
Nanami: Onii-chan.
Satoru: Yeah.
*All I can do is nod and say that one word.*
*I'm so overwhelmed with emotion right now that I can't speak.*
================================================================================
*A few days have passed since we captured those mafia goons.*
*The whole incident ended without any casualties, the SFD was released, and it's all wrapped up without the public ever hearing a peep.*
*The academy also never found out about what happened.*
*There was no small amount of noise and commotion that night, but we managed to write it all off as part of Mayu-senpai's "experiment."*
*Which brings us to the present.*
Announcer: "Congressman Yamabe Hirosuke has announced to party leaders that he will not run in the next election, citing health reasons. He will also retire from the political world."
*This news story is proof that the affair is now truly over with.*
*Considering the underlying reasons behind his retirement and the existing evidence to support them, it's safe to say that Yamabe no longer has any influence over anything.*
*There were also changes in the SFD.*
*Just like Dad speculated, Youzei Cleaning was shut down.*
*That didn't have any impact on the SFD itself, though.*
*A different company has already been founded and members have successfully been transferred there.*
*Apparently, the fact that we captured the mafia members really helped boost our credibility.*
*Dad even told me we were getting a budget increase. He was ecstatic about that.*
*That said, all of these changes are changes in the outside world.*
*Our lives here at the dorm haven't changed much if at all.*
*Just as promised, none of the others ever brought up what transpired that night again.*
*Their attitudes towards us have remained mostly the same, as well. They don't seem to be bothered by our circumstances.*
*We get up at the same time as always, go to school, and hang out with our friends.*
*Today I'm once again relishing that "normalcy" I've achieved.*
Mayu: Alrighty!
Mayu: Time to hold up your end of the promise and make us that gyoza.
Nanami: I'm ready!
*In exchange for their help, they wanted gyoza.*
*Nanami, of course, seems more than happy to oblige.*
Nanami: Are you all fine with gyoza?
Hazuki: I would certainly be more than happy to snack on your gyoza... but is this really alright?
Nanami: Of course it is. You guys did so much for us. The promise has nothing to do with it; I just want to show my gratitude in some way.
Nanami: So, as long as nobody has any objections, I'd be more than glad to treat you to my gyoza.
Hazuki: Alright... I have no qualms then. The gyoza you made for us last time were truly delicious.
Kyouhei: Err... Can I make a bit of a selfish request?
Nanami: Go ahead.
Kyouhei: I kinda want... more than just a few.
Nanami: Alright. I'll make a whole bunch then.
Kyouhei: Thanks!
Nanami: Does gyoza work for you, Ayase-senpai? If you'd rather have something else, I can fix that too.
Ayase: We hardly ever get opportunities to eat gyoza living in the dorms, so I'm more than fine with gyoza.
Nanami: Okay.
Chisaki: I'm also fine with gyoza! Correction: I NEED gyoza!
Chisaki: I can help with stuff if you need me to as well, Nanami-chan.
Nanami: No, I can't make you do any of the work, Chisaki-chan.
Nanami: This is supposed to be a thank you gift. I appreciate the thought... but you helping me would kinda ruin the point of it all.
Chisaki: Well... are you sure you can make it all on your own?
Nanami: No worries. I got Onii-chan.
Satoru: Hm?
Nanami: You will help me, won't you?
Satoru: Of course. I owe everyone too, so I ought to express my gratitude along with you.
Satoru: Besides, I can't say no to a request from my darling little sister.
Nanami: Yep!
Chisaki: Yes, we get it. You're a pair of little lovebirds.
Mayu: It's great that you're happy together, but it'd be nice if you could at least tone down the flirting when we're around...
Nanami: I-I'm sorry.
Mayu: I mean, I'm not mad or anything... It just kinda stings a little seeing happy couples when you're single.
Mayu: But yeah, I'm looking forward to some nice, delicious gyoza!
Nanami: Alright! I won't disappoint!
Satoru: Come to think of it...
Satoru: I don't think you've ever told me how you make your gyoza.
Nanami: Huh? I really haven't?
Satoru: Well, I guess it does make sense. You've always made gyoza whenever we'd fought about something.
Satoru: So, unlike most other dishes, I've never accompanied you to go buy ingredients. This'll be the first time.
Nanami: Oh, good point.
Nanami: My recipe's pretty standard, for the most part. I use minced meat, leek, cabbage, and... chicken broth, which isn't something I came up with either.
Satoru: Ah, okay. Kinda hard to believe you can make them SO ridiculously good with just a normal recipe...
Satoru: Maybe it's 'cause you make them with love for your dear brother?
Nanami: Why do you always have to say the creepiest things...
Nanami: I don't make my gyoza with love, I make them with rage. You should know that.
Satoru: Right.
Nanami: So they might turn out a little better today, since I'm making them with love instead!
Satoru: Oh, I can't wait.
Nanami: You're supposed to be helping me, not waiting.
Satoru: I know.
Satoru: Ready to go, Nanami?
*I hold out my hand to her.*
Nanami: Yep!
*She takes my hand without a moment's delay.*
*We set off, hand in hand, to go buy our ingredients for today's gyoza.*
Nanami: Hm, hm, hmhm, hm!
Satoru: Someone's in a good mood.
Nanami: Of course I am. I get to relax and spend time with you free of worry.
Nanami: You know... I'm really glad we chose not to run away.
Satoru: ......
*It's only thanks to the fact that we safely overcame that incident that we're able to go on a leisurely shopping trip while holding hands.*
*Thinking about it kind of gets me feeling a little emotional... It sets my mind at ease.*
Nanami: Do you not feel happy?
Satoru: What do you think? Of course I do.
Satoru: I get to hold hands with my sweet little sister. What's there not to be happy about?
Nanami: Ehehe... You're such a siscon.
Satoru: If I'm a siscon, then you're a brocon.
Nanami: I won't deny it. Holding hands with you... is making me feel awfully happy too.
Satoru: It's all thanks to you, Nanami. You saved my ass.
Nanami: Huh? Is it all me, though? I feel like you did the bulk of the work.
Satoru: Well, I was only able to 'cause I had you with me.
Satoru: Had I been alone, I might've opted to run away.
Nanami: No. I'm convinced you would've chosen to stay and fight even if I didn't ask you to.
Satoru: ......
Nanami: You would've tried to stop them, I know you would've. You're way too kindhearted not to.
Nanami: You're not the kind of selfish person who'd look the other way and run.
Satoru: You think?
Nanami: I'm 100\% certain.
*Saying that, she then cuddles up to me and links her arm around mine as we hold hands.*
Nanami: After all... that's part of the reason why I fell in love with you.
Nanami: Or what, are you gonna call me a liar?
Satoru: No.
Satoru: You know me better than anyone, so if you say so, it must be true.
*I hate regret more than anything.*
*There've been a number of previous occasions where I chose to do things my way even if it wasn't the smartest option on paper.*
*So she's probably right; I would've fought against the mafia in the end.*
*However, I doubt I would've been able to lower my head and ask others for help.*
*My retaliation would've been purely self-serving; I would decide to do so knowing I was doomed to fail from the outset.*
*So, when it's all said and done, Nanami is largely to blame for the fact that we achieved such a favorable outcome.*
Satoru: Thanks, Nanami. I love you too.
Nanami: Ehehe.
Satoru: Alright, let's get going. We don't want to dawdle around for long.
Satoru: The others are probably dying to eat your gyoza ASAP.
Nanami: Mhm. Gotta go grab everything we need and hurry back so we can get started.
Nanami: These gyoza are a token of our thanks, so we don't wanna make them wait.
*She harrumphs as she fires herself up.*
*But the next moment, she looks up at me with a rather mischievous grin on her face.*
Nanami: So, are YOU alright with gyoza?
Satoru: Err, what do you mean?
Nanami: For your thank you gift.
Nanami: Don't you think you deserve a little present too for going along with my wish?
Satoru: ......
*The way she's looking at me with upturned eyes is... awfully seductive.*
*Her expression, her voice... every single one of her mannerisms is so unbelievably sexy right now.*
*Right now, she's not registering in my mind as a little girl, but a woman--which in turn causes my body to heat up. My mouth dries and I end up swallowing my saliva.*
Nanami: Wow, you're ogling me so hard right now. What kind of sick thoughts are you having out here in a public area?
Satoru: Wha--?!
Nanami: You're such a naughty boy.
Nanami: What kind of things were you fantasizing about when I mentioned a thank you gift?
Satoru: I wasn't... fantasizing about anything. I swear on it.
Nanami: Oh, come oooon. You're suuuuch a liar.
Nanami: If you tell me what was actually on your mind, like a good boy... I might actually consider it, you know?
Satoru: Oh, for crying out loud! ANY guy is gonna think sex when his girlfriend brings up a reward!
Nanami: Knew it. I can't believe you'd fantasize about having sex with your sister while you're out in public with her... You're just like a dog in heat, Onii-chan.
Satoru: ......
*Dammit... She played me like a fiddle.*
Nanami: Oh, come on. You don't need to get so depressed about it. Gee, you really are hopeless.
Nanami: Don't worry. I was... thinking the same thing you were, actually.
Nanami: I'll be sure to give you a nice, SPECIAL reward.
*She stands on her tiptoes and softly whispers that into my ear.*
*The feeling of her breath causes my whole body tremble.*
Nanami: Ehehe...
Satoru: You call me the naughty one... but I feel you're a pretty naughty girl yourself, Nanami.
Nanami: It's not my fault. We're siblings, and that's just how it works.
Nanami: If the brother is a horndog who loves sex, the sister will end up the same way.
Nanami: Or do you not want your sister to be a girl who loves sex?
Satoru: Of course not. I wouldn't have it any other way.
Nanami: Yep! I thought so.
*She leans against my arm, closing what little distance there was between us.*
Nanami: Is it hard to walk like this?
Satoru: A little bit. We'll just have to walk slightly slower.
Nanami: Yeah. Ehehe... Onii-chan...
Satoru: ......
*She affectionately rubs her cheek against me like a kitten or puppy would do.*
*It's almost like she's trying to put her smell on my arm...*
Satoru: You're killing me...
Nanami: Well, I won't be able to do this on the way back since we'll have stuff to carry.
Nanami: Would you rather I not?
Satoru: Oh, no. By all means, please continue.
Nanami: As you wish. Ehehe.
*We finished buying the ingredients we needed, returned to the dorm, and started making the gyoza together.*
*First the dough for the wrappers, then the filling. After that, it was time to roll out the dough and wrap the filling.*
*It took quite a bit of time... and there were a few cumbersome steps involved, but it was still fun because I was doing it with Nanami.*
*Soon enough, the gyoza were finished.*
*Everyone looked at them with pure glee, and immediately began to dig in.*
Chisaki: Oh my god! Your gyoza are absolutely sublime, Nanami-chan!
Nanami: Thank you. Ehehe.
Mayu: Oh, yeah! This is the stuff.
Kyouhei: Distractingly good. *nom* *nom*... Mghhh?!
Hazuki: Ah, goodness gracious! This wouldn't happen if you didn't stuff your mouth with food. Here, have some water.
Kyouhei: *gulp* *gulp* Ahh! Thanks, Nijouin-san.
Ayase: I can relate to the feeling, however. These are so good I don't want to stop eating.
Kyouhei: I know, right? Good thing she cooked so many for us... *munch* *munch*
Hazuki: That I agree with.
Nanami: Oh, no. This is my way of thanking you guys, so that's the least I could do.
Nanami: Please, eat to your heart's content. Nothing would make me happier.
Hazuki: Alright, then I will do just that... Mhh... Yes, these are amazing!
Mayu: Is there a secret to your recipe or anything?
Chisaki: You're not supposed to ask the chef for their secrets, Shikibe-senpai.
Mayu: Why not?
Chisaki: Because the secret ingredient is love in this case, duh. This exquisite taste was only born through two lovebirds working together.
Mayu: Ohh, I see. Which means I wouldn't be able to replicate this even if I did have the recipe.
Mayu: Well, how about this then... Would you be willing to make us some more next time I have cravings for some gyoza?
Nanami: Huh? Oh, sure. That'd be fine by me.
Mayu: Woohoo!
Mayu: You're the best, Nanami-chan. I'm so blessed to have you as my friend.
Nanami: Umm...
Nanami: Me too!
Satoru: ......
*Did she take the conversation there by chance... or was that intentional?*
*Well, I'm pretty sure it's the latter.*
*We knew beforehand about the mafia's plans.*
*In addition, nothing about the gangsters we caught has been reported on by the news.*
*From their perspective, there are still a ton of unanswered questions.*
*But they're all not asking us anything about it, just like they promised us they would.*
*Just looking at all these warm smiles makes me realize how much they care about us.*
*I'm truly blessed to have such wonderful people consider me their friend.*
Satoru: (This was well worth protecting...)
*I think so from the bottom of my heart.*
Hazuki: Is something the matter, Arihara-kun?
Satoru: Hm? What do you mean?
Hazuki: Well, you just smiled.
Satoru: Did I? I didn't even notice myself... Well, just forget about it.
Satoru: Anyhow, thanks for everything, Nijouin-san.
Hazuki: My pleasure.
Kyouhei: 'ame 'ere
Hazuki: It is bad manners to talk with a full mouth, Suou.
Kyouhei: *nom* *nom*... Sorry. Same here.
Ayase: Eh, well... I still haven't fully repaid my debt. I mean, he literally saved my life.
Ayase: I'm glad I could be of help, Arihara-kun.
Satoru: Thanks.
*Those words came out unconsciously.*
*Everyone's smiles and kind words...*
*And Mitsukasa-san's courteous words under her "persona"... It all makes my heart feel so, so warm.*
*What I'm savoring most right now isn't the taste of the gyoza, but this precious "something" we've managed to protect.*
Satoru: Well, the mood's gotten a bit sappy here.
Satoru: Let's get to the gyoza while they're still nice and hot.
Kyouhei: Right! No one wants cold gyoza!
Chisaki: What are you doing, Suou-senpai? That was mine!
Nanami: Ahaha. Calm down, Chisaki-chan. There's plenty to go around.
*This carefree banter warms my heart.*
*It feels like there's something filling my chest... It's an incredibly blissful sensation.*
Satoru: Phew...
*I might've overdone it a bit with our little "party."*
*I flop onto my bed, exhausted.*
Satoru: I feel like I'm gonna sleep good tonight.
*This comfortable drowsiness is inviting me to close my eyes.*
*But right as I'm about to give into that temptation...*
Satoru: Hm?
*My phone starts to ring.*
*Wondering who it might be, I pick up my phone and see that it's Nanami.*
*What could she need at this hour?*
Satoru: Hello?
Nanami: "Ah, thank goodness you're still up."
Satoru: You need something?
Nanami: "Yeah, kinda... Can I come over?"
Satoru: To my room?
Nanami: "Yeah. Make sure to open the window for me."
Satoru: What? My window? Ah, hey!
*Before I have the chance to ask any questions, she hangs up.*
*I rush over to the window and open it up.*
*The next moment, a rope comes dangling down, upon which she comes sliding down...*
Nanami: H-Help! Onii-chan, help me... Save meee... Onii-chan!
Satoru: You're just messing with me, aren't you? Be honest.
*Her arms are shaking and wobbling like crazy. To prevent her from actually falling, I grab her by her collar like a kitten and pull her inside the room.*
Nanami: *pant* *pant*... *pant*... I-I thought I was gonna die...
Satoru: I keep telling you to stop doing this...
Nanami: Sorry. I just wanted to see you right away...
Satoru: I mean, I'm glad you feel that way and all, but look...
Satoru: I don't wanna have you fall down and then never be able to see you again.
Nanami: Right. I'm sorry.
Satoru: So? What's got you in such a hurry?
Satoru: Something happen?
Nanami: Um, no... nothing like it. I don't have any special reason... I just felt so happy.
Satoru: Hm?
Nanami: They weren't treating us any differently... and said they're happy to have us as friends... That made me so incredibly happy.
Nanami: And now I'm too giddy to get to sleep... so I got the urge to come down and talk to you.
Satoru: Yeah, I know what you mean.
Nanami: Mhm!
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Look, Nanami. I'm sorry.
Nanami: Huh? About what?
Satoru: For being an idiot that failed to understand what was important to me for so long. Thanks for staying by my side all this time despite that.
Satoru: It's only due to your support throughout the years that I was finally able to realize it.
Nanami: No, I should be the one thanking you. You were the one who supported me.
Nanami: I'm so, so glad that I met you... and became your sister.
Nanami: I love you, Onii-chan.
Satoru: I'm just as glad that you became my sister.
Satoru: I love you too, Nanami.
*I spread my arms and she leaps right into my chest without a moment's delay.*
*After that, I tightly wrap my arms around that tiny, soft body of hers.*
Nanami: Ehehe... Your body feels so warm...
Satoru: All this warmth is my love for you.
Nanami: Mhm. I can feel it... I can feel your love.
Nanami: It's hot, and I can feel your heartbeat. It's a gentle warmth... It's so pleasant, it makes me relax.
*I can feel her heartbeat too. It's beating fast.*
*In tandem with that heartbeat, a gentle warmth spreads through me, all the way to my finger tips and toes.*
*It's like her love is sinking into my body.*
*As a result, it's starting to boil hotter...*
Nanami: Your body... is getting hotter...
Satoru: It's a reflection of my feelings.
Satoru: I'm overcome with this strong urge to tell you how much I love you... which is making my body heat up.
Satoru: I love you, Nanami. More than anything.
Nanami: Mhm... I know... I can feel it. Your feelings are right here... I'm so happy, Onii-chan... Onii-chan...
*We strongly embrace one another to savor those feelings.*
Satoru: I love you... Nanami.
Nanami: I love you too, Onii-chan!
*She gazes up at me with glossy eyes.*
*Inside those eyes isn't just love, but a burning passion too.*
*I want more. I want to feel her love for me more.*
*As that thought begins to dominate my mind--*
Nanami: Mhh.
*I seal her lips greedily, wanting to directly suck her love into me.*
Nanami: Mhh.
*Seemingly having understood what I want, Nanami kisses me back like she's trying to convey her love to me.*
Nanami: I love you... Onii-chan. I love you... Mhh *kiss* *kiss*... So much.
Satoru: I love you too... Mh, more than anything... You're my world.
Nanami: Mh *kiss* *smack* mhh... I love you... You're my world too... Mhh, mhh. *kiss*
*We exchange a passionate, unrelenting kiss to express the intensity our love.*
*But it's not enough. I haven't been able to fully express my love yet.*
Nanami: Mhh, mh... mhh *slurp* *smack* *smack*... Nghh *smooch* *sluuurp*...
*We intertwine our tongues and strongly press our bodies together.*
Nanami: Mhh, ah... *pant*... *pant*...
*After running out of breath, I finally let go of her lips.*
*She keeps gazing up at me with glossy eyes.*
Nanami: That kiss was really hot... but it wasn't enough. It's not enough yet... I want to convey the feelings inside me more...
Nanami: Hey, Onii-chan... Do you remember our promise?
Satoru: Which promise?
Nanami: That special reward I said I'd give you. Do you remember?
Satoru: Ah, yeah. I remember. I mean, there's no way I'd forget that.
Nanami: I said I came to your room because I felt giddy... but that was only half of the truth. I also wanted to give you that reward.
Nanami: I came to surprise you with some... nighttime fun.
Satoru: By "nighttime fun," you mean sex, right?
Nanami: What else could I mean? You heard what I said earlier... I'm a horny little sister who likes sex.
Nanami: Of course I'd get in the mood after being so close to you earlier... So now I'm here to satisfy my craving for sex.
*Not that I ever had any intention of resisting...*
Nanami: Zzz... Zzz...
Satoru: ......
*Nanami seems to have winded down already. She's sleeping soundly right next to me.*
*Looking at her peaceful face as she sleeps is enough to fill me with happiness.*
*As I relish the sight... I naturally find myself stroking her hair.*
Nanami: Zzz... Zzz... Mh, mhh? Onii-chan?
Satoru: Ah, sorry. Did I wake you up?
Nanami: No, it's fine. Actually, you should've just woken me up from the start.
Satoru: I couldn't; your sleeping face was just too cute.
Satoru: Come to think of it, I've hardly ever seen you sleeping.
Nanami: I think I've probably seen you sleeping more times than I can count.
*That's to be expected. She used to wake me up on a near daily basis.*
Satoru: I really appreciate all the things you did for me.
Nanami: You're very welcome.
Nanami: Mh, mhhhh... How long was I asleep?
Satoru: About fifteen minutes, I'd say.
Satoru: You can keep sleeping for a bit longer if you want.
Nanami: No, I was just dozing off anyway. It felt so good that I just ended up falling asleep.
*I feel exhausted after cumming too.*
*Having sex does use up a lot of stamina, after all.*
Nanami: You're thinking something weird again, don't you?
Nanami: Just to be clear, I didn't mean that in a sexual way.
Satoru: What? You didn't?
Nanami: No. I felt super comfy and relaxed being surrounded by your smell.
*Saying that, she gleefully buries her face in my bedsheets.*
Nanami: Mhhh... It smells just like you!
Satoru: I haven't washed my sheets in a while. Don't they stink?
Nanami: Nope. That's why they smell so strongly of you... I love it.
Satoru: Do you have a smell fetish?
Nanami: I dunno. It's not like there's something special about smell in particular that gets me going... I simply love it because it's yours.
Satoru: Well, if that's what you mean, then I love your smell too.
*As I say that, I reach out for her head once more.*
*Then I gently stroke it while combing through the hair that twines around my fingers.*
Satoru: It's a very sweet, nice smell...
Nanami: I love getting my head stroked... but having you smell my hair feels kinda... creepy.
Satoru: Really?
Nanami: Yeah. Besides, for a couple--
Nanami: This is the way.
*She draws my hand closer and takes firm hold of it.*
Nanami: Ehehe... I've got your smell, and now your warmth... I couldn't be happier.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Do you wanna feel... more of my warmth?
Nanami: You're giving me a dirty look again. Geez, and this is right after we finally managed to clean up everything before I dozed off...
Nanami: Weren't you the one who wanted to stop in the first place? You said you couldn't cum anymore.
Satoru: Well, yeah, that's what I thought...
Satoru: But as I was watching your face as you slept, I dunno... I kinda got turned on again.
Nanami: You sure have a lot of stamina...
Satoru: Are you too exhausted?
Nanami: Yeah... quite a bit. I did cum a whole lot...
Satoru: Alright.
Satoru: Well, I guess we can just continue another day.
Nanami: Huh? You gave up surprisingly easily.
Satoru: I don't want to force you to have sex if you're tired.
Satoru: I think I came enough for one day too... If I just relax and try to get to sleep, I'm sure it'll go away in no time.
*I grasp her hand.*
Satoru: No need for me to impatient. We'll have countless other opportunities to have sex.
Satoru: We have our whole lives ahead of us.
Nanami: Yep. We'll always be together, Onii-chan.
Satoru: Right. I'll never let you go.
Nanami: Mhm!
Satoru: Thank you so much, Nanami.
Satoru: Being with you just makes me feel... so happy.
Nanami: Huh? That sounded like a classic death flag line... What gives?
Satoru: Nothing. I just realized I'm only so happy right now 'cause I have you.
Satoru: I gave you every reason not to like me, but you still stuck with me all throughout the years... and now you're the light of my life.
Satoru: So I wanted to thank you.
Nanami: You don't need to thank me... I'm the one who feels blessed to have you.
Nanami: Just holding hands like this... makes me happier than I could ever put into words... Ehehe.
Nanami: Onii-chan.
Satoru: Yeah, Nanami?
Nanami: Nothing; just wanted to say it. I mean, this situation is something I've always dreamed of...
Satoru: What, sleeping with your boyfriend at night?
Nanami: No, silly. Sleeping with YOU.
Nanami: My dream's come true, and I feel so happy.
Satoru: Now you're the one spouting off death flag lines... Besides, you're wrong about that.
Satoru: Your dream is only just beginning. There's so much more ahead of us.
Satoru: We'll spend a ton of time together, and go on a ton of dates.
Satoru: Let's keep fostering our relationship.
Nanami: Mhm. There's still so much more I wanna do with you.
Satoru: Yep. And we'll do it all.
Nanami: Mhm! I'll be looking forward to it.
Satoru: Same here. I'm sure I'll end up being the cause of a few headaches, but it'd be great if you could bear with me.
Nanami: Ehehe.
*Her smile is one of genuine happiness.*
*Seeing it makes me feel so warm and content...*
Nanami: If there's anything particular you wanna do, just say the word, and I'll do my best to make it happen.
Satoru: Err... does that include sex-related things?
Nanami: Are you serious?
Satoru: Well, I figured now was the perfect time to ask that.
Nanami: *sigh*... You're a real piece of work.
Nanami: I'm down to try things... as long as it's not too crazy.
Nanami: A-Ah, but this has to be a two-way thing, okay? You have to listen to my fantasies too...
Satoru: You have sexual fantasies?
Nanami: Well, everyone has a few... I only have a few, okay?
Satoru: ......
*Much to my surprise, she has a bit of a sadistic side to her.*
*I'm honestly a little bit scared of making rash promises... but, on the other hand, a part of me also wants to see what she's interested in...*
Satoru: Well, we have plenty of time to experiment.
Satoru: So let's try all sorts of stuff and see what we like best.
Nanami: Mhm!
Nanami: Don't let go of my hand, ever!
================================================================================
Mayu: Oh, welcome back.
*Mayu-senpai, first to notice me, greets me as I return to the pool.*
Satoru: Sorry I was gone so long.
Mayu: Don't worry about it. You were on your break.
Mayu: But it WAS a bit long for a bathroom break. Were you wasting time?
Satoru: Oh, err... not exactly.
Satoru: I got a bit curious and decided to check out some of the fair. Sorry.
Mayu: I don't blame you.
Mayu: That's all in the past now. Just make sure to work extra hard to make up for that lost time.
Satoru: I will.
Satoru: Anyways, now that I'm back, someone else can take their break.
Mayu: Okay. Then...
Mayu: Huh?
Satoru: Hm?
Mayu: Satoru-kun. How did that get there?
*I look down at where she's pointing.*
*There's a noticeable red stain on part of my clothes.*
Satoru: (A blood stain?! Shit, it must've been during that scuffle!)
Mayu: Satoru-kun, d-did you--?
Satoru: I-It's not what you're thinking. I just got some ketchup on me while I was eating a hotdog.
*I turn my body away to hide from her sight.*
Satoru: Thanks for pointing it out, though; I didn't notice. I'll wash it off later.
Mayu: O-Okay...
*I hurriedly walk off to the changing room.*
*I wasn't injured any, and the only thing on my mind was getting back as soon as possible, so it seems I overlooked this.*
*I THINK I should be safe, though. I doubt the average person can tell a blood stain apart from a normal red one.*
Ryuunosuke: "'I think' isn't gonna cut it."
*I report my conversation with Mayu-senpai that night just to be on the safe side, and my dad's first response is to chide me.*
Ryuunosuke: "Check and make sure."
Satoru: So I have to actually CONFIRM that she doesn't think it's a blood stain?
Ryuunosuke: "That, yes, and also to see if she reported you to the school."
Satoru: Is that really necessary?
Ryuunosuke: "What? Of course it is. Remember, we're not dealing with just any other student. She's special enough to be involved in research."
Satoru: Oh, right...
Ryuunosuke: "See what I'm talking about? Her word holds much more weight than your average student's."
*Yeah... he's right.*
Ryuunosuke: "The school was informed that our operation was carried out by plainclothes police who spotted suspicious individuals on campus."
Ryuunosuke: "Of course, we hid the fact that a student was involved."
Ryuunosuke: "But what do you think'll happen if someone in her position tells them otherwise?"
Satoru: ......
*The police had to have known I was involved, which means they deliberately chose not to tell the school.*
*In other words, if the school were to learn about my involvement, that would spell trouble for the police.*
*The school would likely suspect me of being an undercover investigator of theirs who assumed a false identity in order to enroll into the academy...*
*No, at worse...*
Satoru: The school might begin to suspect the involvement of some outside organization.
Ryuunosuke: "Yep. Needless to say, they shouldn't be able to trace you back to the SFD right away, but still."
Ryuunosuke: "If they know about you, you'll be under strict surveillance."
Ryuunosuke: "And if that happens, I'll have no choice but to pull you two out. Understand?"
Satoru: Yeah, I understand.
Satoru: I'm sorry. I'll try to get confirmation as soon as I can.
Ryuunosuke: "Well, that'll have to wait till tomorrow. It's already late."
Satoru: Ugh...
Ryuunosuke: "Trying anything at this time will only make you look suspicious. Casually approach her about it tomorrow."
Satoru: Will do.
Satoru: I'll report the results to you tomorrow.
Ryuunosuke: "Alright. I should be able to tell you the results of things on our end by then as well."
Satoru: Okay. I'll talk to you later.
*I end the call and clench my teeth in frustration.*
*I hate to admit, but he's damn right. This could be bad.*
Satoru: Not to mention, I didn't sternly warn her like I did that time with Mitsukasa-san...
*During that encounter, I made sure that she knew my identity must be kept a secret.*
*But... I neglected to do so with Mayu-senpai.*
*Actually, on second thought, that wasn't even the problem.*
*How did it completely slip my mind?*
*I knew Mayu-senpai was an important student within the school, so I should've been more prudent.*
Satoru: And now I have to wait till tomorrow before I can set about fixing my screw-up...
*I wish I could do something about it now, but I can't enter the girls' floors at this hour, and it wouldn't make sense to call her to ask something like this.*
*I just have to hope my "ketchup" excuse fooled her...*
Mayu: Hrmm...
Mayu: My little experiment concluded that... yeah, ketchup wouldn't make a stain that dark.
Mayu: So... yeah, I guess it must've been blood then.
Mayu: Satoru-kun seemed like he was fine, though.
Mayu: But since he made up an excuse, that means he knew how that blood got there.
Mayu: And the logical conclusion from there is...
Mayu: ......
Mayu: W-Well, he evidently didn't want me knowing about it.
Mayu: Yeah... I probably shouldn't poke my nose into it.
Mayu: ......
Mayu: ......
Mayu: No, I gotta do SOMETHING... I can't just ignore that.
Mayu: In that case, there's only one thing to do...
================================================================================
*Today is a substitute holiday.*
*But that doesn't mean we're allowed to relax and waste the day away.*
*Students that participated in the fair are going to be cleaning everything up today.*
Chisaki: I heard a small fight broke out yesterday. Did you guys hear about that?
Kyouhei: Oh, yeah, I heard that too. Supposedly some group of people who hate Astrals came and started a commotion.
*My heart stops for a second upon hearing yesterday's incident being brought up during breakfast.*
Satoru: Dang, really? I had no idea.
Hazuki: It was unfortunate that something like that had to happen, but I'm just glad that it didn't get too out of hand.
Hazuki: It feels like quite the wasted opportunity, though.
Chisaki: Hm? Why's that?
Hazuki: W-Well, I don't mean to boast, but I had a bit of a thought.
Hazuki: Perhaps, if the persons responsible for yesterday's scuffle came to our cafe, we may have been able to change their views on Astrals...
Chisaki: Oh, yeah! *giggle* I know, right? It's a shame they didn't.
Hazuki: I-Indeed. Yesterday was an enormous success. I'm so very glad it all turned out as well as it did.
Nanami: (We should be in the clear, Satoru-kun.)
*I nod in response to Nanami's communicative glance.*
*It really was a stroke of fortune that they decided to eliminate me before doing anything else.*
*The attack occurred at a time when there were no bystanders, and dad's team sealed off the area before eventually apprehending them.*
*No students witnessed the incident.*
*Some definitely may have heard shouting and/or gunshots...*
*Their guns were equipped with silencers, however, so even if anyone heard gunfire they wouldn't be able to discern the sound.*
*Hence the rumors of a small "scuffle."*
Nanami: Well, we'll sure have our work cut out for us today with all the cleanup.
Hazuki: Indeed, but it must be done. We brought food and drinks to the pool, so it's our responsibility to clean the area to how it was beforehand.
Hazuki: So, that's the plan for today, everyone. Let's work together and get this done!
Chisaki: Okay!
Kyouhei: Better get enough food in me first... *munch* *munch*
*But what I'm MOST thankful for is the fact that nobody seems to've made the connection between my late return and the rumored scuffle.*
*Well, with a few exceptions, of course.*
Ayase: I feel like you usually eat more than plenty for breakfast, Suou-kun.
Kyouhei: Yeah, but I'm thinking of getting ONE extra dish today!
*The first exception being Mitsukasa-san.*
*I've already informed her of the attack yesterday.*
*Considering she didn't chime in when talk of the rumor arose, I can take that to mean she's still going to keep my identity a secret.*
*Which means the one I have to worry about is Mayu-senpai.*
Satoru: (All school researchers could very well have been informed about the police presence on campus yesterday.)
Satoru: (And since Mayu-senpai is a researcher in addition to being a student, there's a distinct possibility that she's made that connection already.)
*And that blood stain would only give her more reason to suspect me...*
Kyouhei: Hey, Satoru. You like kinda antsy. Everything alright?
Satoru: I'm fine.
Satoru: I'm just kinda wondering where Mayu-senpai is...
Hazuki: Hmm, true. She isn't here yet.
*I need to check with her stat.*
*But it's the same scenario as last night. I can't do anything until she gets here.*
*I'm really itching to just send her a call or a text, but that might come across as a little weird...*
Kyouhei: Oh, look, Satoru. Speak of the devil.
Satoru: Ah!
*I stand up from my seat the moment I spot her near the entrance.*
Satoru: I'll be back.
Kyouhei: What? You're not even done eating, though.
Satoru: You can have it.
*I leave my seat and walk straight towards Mayu-senpai.*
Satoru: Mayu-senpai.
Mayu: Oh...
*A look of surprise flashes across her face for a brief moment upon hearing me.*
*But she quickly regains composure.*
Mayu: Good morning, Satoru-kun.
*Are my fears about to be proven true?*
Mayu: Sorry for the suddenness, but I can borrow you for a bit?
*She asked before I could. This isn't looking good...*
Satoru: Um, sure.
Mayu: Wanna come with me then?
*I follow after her, preparing myself for the inevitable at this point.*
*After a short while, we arrive at her room.*
Satoru: So what'd you need?
Mayu: I just really have to ask you about something that's been eating at me.
Mayu: It's not something we need to be talking about with other people around, so that's why I brought you here.
*I knew it...*
*If she knows, then I probably need to be the one to make the first move.*
*The worst case scenario, from my point of view, is having my identity and connection with the SFD exposed.*
*So ideally, I want to get her to cooperate with me before that happens.*
Mayu: So, um, about yesterday.
Satoru: Mayu-senpai!
Mayu: Ahhh?!
*I abruptly grab her shoulders and stare straight into her eyes.*
Mayu: Huh? Wha--Wha? What are you?!
Satoru: Sorry I... I kept this a secret from you.
Mayu: Satoru-kun.
Satoru: But believe this, if nothing else. I--
Mayu: Satoru-kun, I knew it.
Satoru: Yeah, I--
Mayu: You still have those violent tendencies and you're getting yourself into fights all the time!
Satoru: What?
Mayu: Oh, why didn't you tell me?!
Satoru: Mmph?!
*U-Um, my face is totally buried in her tits right now!*
Satoru: U-Uh, Mayu-senpai?
Mayu: Really, it was EXACTLY what I thought it was!
Mayu: You feel guilty about it, don't you?! That's why you tried hiding it from me!
Satoru: Mmmppph?!
Mayu: Fighting's bad! It's wrong! So stop, please, Satoru-kun! For me, okay?
Satoru: H-Hold it! Wait, let me explain!
*I pry her arms off me and pull my face out of the depths of her breasts.*
*G-Goddamn, that was dangerous. I nearly lost sight of my purpose because of that warm, soft, cushion-y feeling...*
Satoru: What are you talking about, violent tendencies?!
Mayu: Don't lie. You got into a fight during your break yesterday, didn't you?
Satoru: What?
Mayu: That's why you had blood on your clothes...
Mayu: You told me it was just ketchup, but I did a test yesterday and ketchup doesn't stain on clothes like that.
*She takes a cloth with a red stain on it and presents it in front of my eyes.*
*She's right. The stain on my clothes was a dark red, whereas this one is much more lighter, closer to orange.*
Mayu: There was a scuffle that broke out on campus yesterday, wasn't there?
Mayu: Some of the other researchers told me the police came in and handled everything.
Mayu: You were on your break during the exact time it happened.
Satoru: ......
*She does have access to information most normal students don't... but her conclusion still went in a wildly different direction.*
Mayu: You picked a fight with someone, didn't you?
Satoru: N-No, I swear to god I didn't!
*She's so off the mark it's not even funny!*
*I mean, that's a good thing for me, but still!*
Mayu: You're still acting all reckless and wild, aren't you? Is that the reason you're still getting into fights all the time?
Satoru: I'm not getting into fights! Will you listen to me?!
Mayu: If that's not what happened, then tell me how you got blood on your clothes!
Mayu: If you were secretly getting into fights, getting yourself beat up, and not telling me because you didn't want to worry me, I... I don't know what I'd do.
Satoru: ......
*What do I even say?*
*She's worried for me out of pure kindness.*
Satoru: Sorry for lying to you, Mayu-senpai.
*Slowly, the words came out.*
*I'm relieved. Just--really, really relieved.*
Satoru: (I never should've suspected her to begin with...)
*She worries for me BECAUSE she knows who I once was.*
*I can't even put into words how nice it feels for someone to care about you this much.*
*But that's all the more reason why I need to keep my identity a secret from her.*
Satoru: Your guess was right. I was at the site of the scuffle yesterday.
Mayu: Ah!
Satoru: But don't jump to conclusions. I didn't start ANYTHING. I just got dragged in 'cause I was around when it started.
Mayu: R-Really?
Satoru: Yeah. The arrest was a lot more of a struggle than the rumors made it out to be.
Satoru: The police told me to keep quiet about it 'cause they were afraid of panic breaking out among the students.
Mayu: So you didn't get into any fights, and you didn't get hurt?
Satoru: Nope. I didn't even know there was blood on my clothes until you pointed it out.
Mayu: Oh... Phew. Thank GOODNESS.
*She slumps onto her bed as if the tension had just left her body all at once.*
Mayu: I guess I was just reading too deeply into the situation.
Mayu: You were trying to hide it from me, so my imagination started running a little wild...
Satoru: I'm really sorry.
Mayu: I was really worried you hadn't grown out of your troublemaker phase.
Satoru: Okay, I'd really appreciate it if you could stop bringing up my past.
Satoru: I HAVE grown out of that phase. I'm not gonna go around picking fights left and right anymore.
Mayu: Ahaha. Yeah, silly me. I should've known.
Mayu: Sorry for jumping to conclusions and accusing you of that.
Satoru: It's fine. I'm just glad you care about me, Mayu-senpai. Thank you.
Satoru: But yeah, I gotta say... You really surprised me today.
Mayu: Huh?
Satoru: You're usually a pretty calm and collected person, but you got really emotional today. 
Mayu: Ahaha, well there's a simple reason behind that.
*A self-deriding smile crosses her face, and her face slowly lowers.*
Mayu: I don't want any more regrets.
Satoru: ......
Mayu: So I've told myself, if I get worried about something, I won't let hesitation stop me from saying anything.
Satoru: That's...
*She's likely referring to our days at Fuuran.*
*She regrets turning a blind eye towards my plight.*
Satoru: Thank you. I mean it.
Mayu: No, it's all good. Thank you for being honest with me.
Mayu: Oh, but I do understand why you didn't want to initially tell me. You didn't want to worry me.
Mayu: So I'll keep what you told me today a secret.
Satoru: Thanks, I appreciate it.
Mayu: I think I'll prepare some coffee. Want some?
Satoru: Sure.
*It really is nice to have someone who cares about you so much.*
*But... that only makes it harder for me to hide the truth from her.*
*I can't tell her who I am.*
*It hurts, but it is what it is. I knew I'd have to deal with these things when I entered this line of work...*
Satoru: So, yeah. Basically, it was just an innocent worry.
*This night, as opposed to last, I have good news for Dad.*
Satoru: My explanation was that I was at the scene when it occurred. She seemed to buy it pretty readily.
Satoru: I was with her a while after that, but she never brought up the subject again.
Ryuunosuke: "Great. That's the worst taken care of."
Ryuunosuke: "If it came down to it, I was considering assigning some people to monitor her actions..."
Ryuunosuke: "Good thing we won't have to take that risk."
Satoru: I appreciate that.
Satoru: I'm sorry I didn't inform you already about us being in the same orphanage.
Ryuunosuke: "Hey, no shame in that. I know it's hard to face the stupid things you did as a kid after growing up."
Satoru: Look, I'm not INTENTIONALLY hiding it.
*I just figured it wasn't necessary considering it's more of a personal circumstance.*
*But I did kind of want to keep it a secret from Nanami and Dad.*
Ryuunosuke: "Well, knowing that now, I see exactly why Shikibe Mayu would be concerned about your actions."
Ryuunosuke: "But since she'll be keeping a watchful eye on you, we'll probably want to stay away from any missions that'll attract you attention."
Ryuunosuke: "If you get another blood stain on your clothes and she notices it, you'll have a much harder time explaining it away."
Satoru: Yeah, that's probably a wise idea...
Satoru: Do you want me to keep a low profile in the meantime then?
Satoru: I doubt we'll have to worry about a follow-up attack after yesterday, but still...
Ryuunosuke: "Right. I'll share with you everything we've learned so far."
Satoru: Did you get some information out of the guys we captured?
Ryuunosuke: "Our interrogating hasn't yielded much results. Not a surprise, but they aren't about to sell out their pals that easily."
Ryuunosuke: "But we did discover some things through other avenues. Their equipment, for example, told us a few things."
Satoru: So you traced them back to their organization by examining their gun models and distribution channels?
Ryuunosuke: "Nope, we actually didn't need to investigate a thing. Aren't many groups that could have access to that kind of weaponry."
Ryuunosuke: "Truth is, they fall under the same classification as us."
Satoru: Wh-What?!
*If we're the same "classification," then that means there's another secret government organization out there aside from the SFD?!*
*We're basically just fighting ourselves then!*
Ryuunosuke: "Calm down. They are a similar group to ours, but they're from a different faction."
Ryuunosuke: "There were no Astrals among the people we apprehended yesterday, and none of 'em used any astron-based technology."
Satoru: Yeah, all they had were knives and guns.
Ryuunosuke: "Yep. So they're at odds with us. Our higher-ups and their higher-ups sit at opposite ends of the spectrum."
Satoru: What do you mean?
Ryuunosuke: "Most countrymen and government officials are in agreement that we should currently be exploring the potential astrons have for practical use."
Ryuunosuke: "However, there are those who don't hold this view, some of those even in government positions."
Satoru: So in other words, they belong to an organization that argues for strict astron regulation?
Ryuunosuke: "You've got the idea."
Satoru: Does that mean they targeted Mitsukasa-san so they could tip the scale of public opinion?
*It's no exaggeration to say that she's currently the nationally recognized figurehead of all Astrals.*
*If she gets caught up in a terrorist incident, that could spark debate about all sorts of issues...*
*And our enemies would hope to capitalize on that discord to sway the public opinion.*
Ryuunosuke: "Chances are, yep. I dunno WHAT specifically they were gonna do with her..."
Ryuunosuke: "But I can say for sure they were attempting to take Mitsukasa Ayase hostage with the ultimate goal of achieving astron regulation."
Satoru: Which means we've really crippled them after yesterday, huh?
Ryuunosuke: "Right. Not only did their operation end in failure, they also left a trail for us that traced back to their organization."
Satoru: Hmm, then they probably won't be able to do anything for a while. And Mitsukasa-san should be safe for that duration...
Ryuunosuke: "Actually, she's completely out of harms way. They won't ever attack her again."
Satoru: What? R-Really?
Satoru: Judging from what you told me earlier, I'm guessing you, uh... had a very POLITE talk with them to pressure them into giving up?
Ryuunosuke: "Yep. At the very least, they won't ever go after Mitsukasa Ayase again."
Ryuunosuke: "With that, your mission is now over. Go ahead and tell her that too."
Satoru: O-Oh, okay...
*It's like a weight on my shoulders was just removed.*
*The mission only spawned because of a blunder on my part, but I'm still glad it ended successfully.*
Ryuunosuke: "So that's that. You're on standby until further orders."
Ryuunosuke: "As I noted earlier, refrain from any conspicuous action and get some much-needed relaxation time in."
Satoru: Yes, I will. Thank you.
*I end the transmission and plop down on my bed with a sigh.*
*Looks like I won't give Mayu-senpai anything to worry about for the next while.*
*I'm kind of shocked at how relieved I feel about that.*
Satoru: What's going on with me?
*I've also been acting way too careless around her.*
Satoru: ......
*She's the only person in this school who knows who I used to be as a boy.*
*She's someone I knew before I ever met Dad or Nanami.*
Satoru: I guess it's no surprise she's special.
*Not that I really mean anything by that...*
================================================================================
*A few days have passed and I'm already back to my daily routine.*
Hazuki: It's quite unfortunate that we didn't have time for these morning jogs during the week or so leading up to the festival.
Hazuki: Don't get me wrong, it was very fun and rewarding, but I must say, this is truly how I enjoy my mornings.
Satoru: Yeah, I'm right there with you.
*I give her a firm nod as we run alongside each other.*
Satoru: Good thing everything was a success, though.
Hazuki: Indeed, ahaha. You're quite right. I'm truly glad everything went as well as it did.
*But not EVERYTHING is back to normal.*
Taishi: Yeah, you're telling me. If we fucked up our balloon art, I woulda been depressed over it for weeks.
Tesshin: No kidding. Good thing everything went well. We even got some time to go look around at all the other stuff.
Taishi: Oh, yeah. Suou's cafe was great!
Kyouhei: Are you sure the CAFE was great? Or are you saying something else about it was great...
Taishi: Ah shit, I totally forgot about that! Listen, dude, I didn't mean anything by that!
*Since the fair's ending, there have been a few notable changes.*
Ayase: What are they talking about, Arihara-kun?
Satoru: When Kyouhei went to take their order, Takashina said he wanted a girl to come, and Sagami said no, Kyouhei's fine.
Ayase: Wait, doesn't that mean... Ugh.
Satoru: Yeah, that's how they reacted too, so now he's trying to deny it.
Ayase: *giggle* Well, Suou-kun is certainly cuter than some girls, so I can see why someone might say that.
*One of the changes being my relationship with Mitsukasa-san.*
Ayase: I assume your delayed return to the cafe was because of that as well?
*I had an honest talk with her after my call with Dad.*
Satoru: Yeah, that's basically what happened.
Ayase: I heard some undercover police officers entered campus in order to apprehend some suspicious intruders...
Ayase: I'm guessing those intruders were after me?
Satoru: Yeah, but you don't have to worry about that anymore.
Ayase: What?
Satoru: We've caught the group that's been targeting you.
Satoru: We're still investigating their motives, but you should be out of harm's way now.
*For obvious reasons, though, I couldn't reveal to her that the attackers were part of a pro-astron regulation group.*
Ayase: So you don't need to protect me anymore?
Satoru: Nope. Sorry for all the trouble I put you through.
Ayase: No, I should be apologizing to you.
Ayase: I know you went through a whole lot on the day of the fair.
Satoru: What I went through doesn't matter as long as you're safe.
Ayase: ......
Satoru: Honestly, you were much busier than I was that day.
Ayase: Arihara-kun...
Ayase: Thank you. I--
Satoru: It must've been hard spending the whole day in a swimsuit.
Satoru: Even I was a little worried about your pads falling out.
Ayase: Huh?
Satoru: Well, nothing ultimately happened, so as they say, all's well that ends well.
Ayase: Why do you sound SO relieved about that of all things?!
Satoru: W-Well, your dignity was on the line.
Ayase: Nobody even mentioned my freaking pads in the first place! I'm gonna beat the crap outta you!
Satoru: S-So, err, my mission to protect you is over, yes...
Satoru: But I'll still be attending this school, so I hope we can continue being friends.
Ayase: You aren't leaving?
Satoru: I mean, it'd be a little strange if I transferred in and left within like a period of a month or so.
Satoru: I'm done with work for the time being, so I'm gonna take it easy here and enjoy life for a while.
Ayase: Yeah. Okay then.
Ayase: Hope we can still be friends, Arihara-kun.
*After that incident, she put her mask back on around me.*
*I guess that she means she doesn't see the need to show me her true personality anymore.*
*It does feel like she's distanced herself from me some...*
*It's a bit saddening, but it's a good thing. This is how things were supposed to be.*
*If I want to see that side of her again, I just have to get closer to her.*
Taishi: All I'm trying to say is I liked the cafe, okay? Nothing more.
Kyouhei: Ahaha, I know, sorry. Thanks.
Kyouhei: I hope you heard that, Satoru, Mitsukasa-san, Nijouin-san.
Ayase: *giggle* Thank you very much!
Hazuki: Being able to receive direct comments of praise from customers truly makes me feel like we accomplished something special.
Satoru: Yep, and it's great to be able to share in that feeling with your friends. Makes me glad I was a part of it.
Ayase: I wholeheartedly agree.
*Working together with my friends to create something great was a very rewarding experience.*
*This is what school life is all about.*
*It's nice being able to savor this lingering sense of accomplishment and joy.*
Chisaki: Oh, hey!
*Lunch break.*
*Right as we walked out the building, Mibu-san noticed us, and came running over with Nanami in tow.*
Satoru: Hey. What's got you all excited?
Chisaki: Get this! A bunch of our classmates told us they absolutely LOVED our cafe!
Chisaki: Right, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: Y-Yeah. They thought the chairs were neat, but they also complimented the food and our service.
Hazuki: Oh, did they? Truth be told, we received similar praise from our classmates.
Nanami: Oh, really? Wow.
Chisaki: We really did a bang up job!
Ayase: Yes, we really did! Thanks to everyone's efforts.
Chisaki: How about we all have lunch together today to celebrate?
Ayase: Sure. That sounds like a lovely idea.
Kyouhei: We were just about to do that, actually.
Chisaki: Perfect!
*Thus the two of them joined our lunch group.*
*It feels like we've all been getting a lot closer since the festival.*
*But we're still missing one person...*
Satoru: Can't forget Mayu-senpai. We better invite her too.
Chisaki: Oh, right! We wouldn't want to forget her.
Hazuki: Indeed. We must have EVERYONE present.
Nanami: Not bad, Satoru-kun. I get so nervous in situations like these, but you're handling yourself just fine.
Satoru: Well, we're gonna be normal students here for a while, so might as well act it.
Satoru: Okay. If you guys are ready, let's go get Mayu-senpai.
Mayu: Hmm? Were you talking about me?
*Speak of the devil.*
Satoru: Oh, yeah, we were. Wanna eat lunch together?
Mayu: Hm? Sure, I don't mind.
Mayu: Heh. A PRIVATE lunch, just you and me?
Satoru: Wh-What?!
Mayu: Well, you know. Our relationship is a bit special, no?
Satoru: In a sense, yes.
*Realizing she was thinking the exact same thing I was earlier, my heart skips a beat...*
Satoru: But why would I ask you that with everyone else here?!
Mayu: *giggle* Yeah, I know. I'm just playing with you.
Mayu: Our cafe group's gathering for lunch, right? Count me in.
Hazuki: Y-Yes. You're perfectly welcome to join us. Actually, we always intended to have you join.
Hazuki: B-But, um, is this what I think it is?
Chisaki: Yep, definitely is! You hear about these things happening all the time.
Ayase: What things?
Chisaki: You know, relationship changes after some big event.
Ayase: Oh. S-So that's what you meant.
Kyouhei: Ahhh. That explains why he...
Satoru: Okay, hold up. What're you guys going on about?
*For some reason, they've started whispering amongst themselves.*
Hazuki: No need to hide things. We fully understand and give you our blessings.
Satoru: Yeah, but WHAT?
Chisaki: Weeell, you worked together on a certain special occasion.
Hazuki: Indeed... I-It should be perfectly normal for two people to become a couple!
Satoru: Wha--?!
*These guys REALLY misread things!*
Hazuki: Of course, it could've happened to any of us...
Hazuki: N-Not that I'm lamenting why it wasn't me, because I most definitely am not!
Hazuki: W-We'll give you every ounce of our support, as fellow friends who have been through thick and thin together!
Satoru: Calm down, please! This is all one giant misunderstanding!
*I can see why they'd think that when she said our relationship was "special," but still!*
Satoru: There's nothing going on between us! Back me up here, Mayu-senpai!
Mayu: Ah... Y-Yeah, he's right.
Mayu: I guess that's how someone would normally interpret what I said... 
Mayu: Sorry, Satoru-kun. I didn't mean to bother you.
Satoru: I-It wasn't... a BOTHER, per se!
Mayu: It wasn't?
Satoru: No, um...
Nanami: Congratulations, Satoru-kun. I'm very glad that you've found yourself such a lovely girlfriend.
Satoru: She's not!
Mayu: Y-Yeah, I just kinda said something that was a little too misleading.
Mayu: Guess I got a little too elated. See, I've never been invited to lunch by people like this before.
Chisaki: Oh, really?
Mayu: Well, keep in mind that I've repeated two school years, and I rarely ever show up to class.
Mayu: So, basically, I guess you could say you're all special to me in a way!
Hazuki: Th-That is an honor.
Kyouhei: Ahaha! Alright, so are we about ready to go get lunch? I'm starving over here.
Kyouhei: Sorry for jumping to conclusions, Satoru.
Hazuki: Ah, yes, that was our mistake. I do apologize...
Satoru: Nah... it's okay. I just overreacted.
*Much to my surprise, I was able to clear things up a lot quicker than I expected.*
*I guess I'm in the same boat as Nanami after all. I'm just as unused to socializing as she is.*
Nanami: Which sure didn't help your case any.
Satoru: Hey, don't say that!
Everyone: Ahahaha!
*It all ended with friendly laughter.*
*We're only able to be so carefree because the festival ended and we've gone back to daily life.*
*Things are nice and peaceful.*
*It's good to know that I'll be able to relax and enjoy the rest of my time at this school.*
*Or so I thought.*
Ryuunosuke: "Could you infiltrate the research center for me?"
Satoru: ......
*That night, Dad contacted me and immediately assigned me a new mission.*
Satoru: What's all this about?
Satoru: You said I'd have a break for the next while...
Ryuunosuke: "I know, but we got a confession."
Satoru: From one of the guys you apprehended?
Ryuunosuke: "Yeah. According to what they said..."
Ryuunosuke: "They've got a pretty damn good grasp of the school's security systems."
Satoru: Yeah... that's not too terribly surprising. They wouldn't have been able to carry out their mission otherwise.
Ryuunosuke: "Well, what if I said they had information on the research center's security?"
Satoru: What?
Ryuunosuke: "Nothing detailed, though. They only had an interior layout map and the position of the guards."
Ryuunosuke: "We're still working to figure out why they had that information."
Ryuunosuke: "But there's one thing I can say for certain. They wouldn't need info on the research center in order to kidnap Mitsukasa Ayase."
Satoru: Yeah. So there's more to it than we thought...
Ryuunosuke: "There's a very real possibility that they'd planned on breaking into the research center."
Satoru: But what would people from an anti-astron faction want that would be in there?
Ryuunosuke: "That's why I'm asking you to investigate a little. As it stands, we don't know."
Satoru: ......
Ryuunosuke: "Of course, only if you feel up to it."
Ryuunosuke: "Since I told you that you could take a break, I'll leave the decision in your hands. Figure out if it's possible, then decide whether or not you want to do it."
*Based on what he's saying, breaking into the research center is the only option...*
*And since they don't have any hard evidence, they'll obviously want any leads they can get.*
*Which leaves everything in mine and Nanami's hands...*
Ryuunosuke: "What do you say?"
Satoru: Alright. I'll do everything I can.
*This is my only option.*
================================================================================
Satoru: Mayu-senpai, are you free right now?
Mayu: Oh, is that you, Satoru-kun? Hold on a sec.
*The door unlocks not long following her reply.*
Mayu: Come on in.
Satoru: Hey.
Mayu: Hi there. Make yourself at home.
Mayu: So what's up? Need something from little ole me?
Satoru: Err, nothing in particular... Just dropping by to say hi.
Mayu: Really? *giggle* You sure you didn't come for the coffee?
Satoru: I wanted to see you.
Mayu: ......
Satoru: Is that an acceptable reason?
Mayu: O-Of course, yeah! I don't mind you being here...
Mayu: I was just a little surprised. You usually never come here unless you have a specific reason.
Satoru: Well, I figured I didn't need to make excuses anymore if I wanted to see you.
Mayu: *giggle* Aren't you sweet? You're always welcome to come hang out with me.
*So far so good. She doesn't seem to suspect a thing.*
*This was the first thing I wanted to confirm.*
*Now that I know I can drop by whenever without a reason, that makes things a lot easier.*
Satoru: Won't I get in the way of your research, though?
*I glance at her computer monitor.*
*She must've closed everything when I knocked. It currently shows only her desktop.*
*I guess she'll still keep that stuff secretive around just about anyone...*
*In which case, I'll have to drop by frequently and wait for an opportunity.*
Mayu: Not a problem. I'll make time for you whenever you wanna stop by and hang out.
Satoru: Are you sure you wanna say that? I really will start coming all the time.
Mayu: Oh, what's gotten into you, Satoru-kun? You're making some pretty bold assertions today.
Satoru: Oh, it's nothing, really. I just thought I should stop by more often after seeing how worried you got about me.
Mayu: Ahhh, are you still thinking about that? You don't have to feel obligated to do anything; just forget about it.
Satoru: It's fine. I'm happy you were so concerned. That's why I'm here; I want to reassure you that I'm alright.
Mayu: ......
Mayu: O-Oh, really? Gosh, that's a little embarrassing.
Satoru: I know what you mean.
Mayu: Haha. But yeah, it really warms my heart to hear you say that.
Mayu: And I'll be even happier if you keep coming to visit me!
Satoru: Sure, I'll try to visit you more frequently.
Satoru: Well, here I am. Hey.
Mayu: ......
Satoru: Err, is coming to your room a bit too imposing maybe?
Mayu: N-No, I don't mind! You just surprised me, that's all...
Mayu: Go on, have a seat and make yourself at home. *giggle* Boy, I never expected you to swing by my room.
*She beckons me to a seat cushion while laughing bashfully.*
*It's a little bit of an embarrassing feeling, but it once again reminds of the fact that I'm taking advantage of her, and I feel bad.*
*Oh well... it is what it is. Boys can only visit the girls' floors during certain hours. I can't afford to waste time.*
Mayu: Want some coffee? Oh, or do you not drink caffeine at night?
Satoru: Nah, I'll have some. Hmm, so you drink coffee both at your lab and in your room?
Satoru: Are you really that busy all throughout the day?
*I casually scan her room as I speak.*
Mayu: Nope, I relax when I'm in my room. I just like the taste of coffee.
Satoru: Oh, okay. So is your computer here just a personal one?
Mayu: Yeah. I can do a bit of work on it if need be, but I can't access any important information.
Mayu: Coffee's ready. Here you go, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Thanks.
*Man, my job would've been so much easier if she could access the AIMS database from here...*
*But alas, life is never that easy.*
Mayu: Want some sugar or milk? Oh, maybe I could blow on it and cool it down for ya?
Satoru: N-No, I'm good. Actually--
Mayu: Wanna bury your face in my bosom again? It's nice and warm in there.
Satoru: Most definitely not!
Satoru: Actually, umm, why are you making all these suggestions?
Mayu: Oh, sorry. I got a little carried away.
Mayu: I kinda, like, felt like I needed to express my gratitude. See, I'm really happy you came to see me.
Satoru: ......
*N-Now I feel really bad for saying no!*
*But I can't... I can't let her push my head into those... wonderfully large breasts.*
*N-No, I have to do it! This is all for the mission!*
Nanami: Satoru-kun...
*I clear the image of Nanami's scornful face from my mind and stare resolutely at Mayu-senpai.*
Satoru: Mayu-senpai!
Mayu: Haha, I better calm myself down with some coffee. Yeah.
Satoru: Er, what was that?
Mayu: Huh?
Mayu: O-Oh, did you change your mind?
Satoru: No! I didn't! Just forget about that!
Mayu: O-Okay.
Mayu: I guess I'll have me some, then. Didn't know you liked your coffee black, though, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Wait, you were talking about sugar?
Mayu: Huh?
Satoru: No, nothing! Nevermind! Mngh!
*I chug down the coffee to hopefully divert her attention. It's EXTREMELY bitter.*
*God, what am I even doing?*
*With persistence, though, I'm eventually able to obtain some information.*
Mayu: Yeah, I think I mentioned it before, but I don't go to the research center too often.
Mayu: I'm technically still a student, and most communication is handled over the network.
Mayu: Not to mention my research is a bit different from the stuff the researchers over there do...
Satoru: What kind of stuff are you researching?
Mayu: Hmmm. If I had to explain it, we'd probably be here all night.
Mayu: If you want to sleep over, though, I'd certainly be glad to tell you.
Satoru: Y-Yeah, um, I can't do that.
Mayu: Haha, a bit of a shame, but yep. Anyhow, back to what I was saying...
Mayu: I'd say I probably only go to the research center about once a week.
Satoru: What's it like inside there?
Mayu: Hmm. Good question. It's not too different from the stereotypical image of a laboratory.
Mayu: Most of the researchers stay cooped up in their labs, so the hallways are always quiet, kinda like a hospital.
Satoru: Huh. That's interesting.
*Perhaps there aren't actually many guards inside?*
*And if the researchers rarely come out, the only things I need to worry about are the cameras, sensors, and locked doors...*
Mayu: I gotta say, though... *giggle* You're awfully curious about me, aren't you?
*My heart stops for a brief second.*
*But I manage to keep my composure.*
Satoru: Yeah, I honestly am. Being a researcher seems like a ton of work.
Mayu: *giggle* Can I express my happiness right now?
Satoru: Um, as long as you don't pull me into your bosom again.
Mayu: Y-You're really focused on my bosom today, for some reason.
Satoru: I'm not, I swear!
Mayu: Still, I'm touched. You used to be so rude and foul-tempered, but now you've really warmed up to me.
Satoru: ......
Mayu: Oh, did I make you mad? Sorry, I kinda let myself get carried away again...
Satoru: No, sorry. I was just feeling a bit embarrassed.
*And the reoccurring pangs of guilt.*
*She's genuinely happy that I'm visiting her too, which only makes it that much worse.*
*Man, I need to get myself together. I've been getting so distracted.*
Mayu: Whoa.
Mayu: You're gonna make me blush too now...
Mayu: A-Are you gonna pin me against the wall again? Or do you wanna shift to another location and do it there?
Satoru: I'm not gonna do anything like that! Really, why would you suggest that if you're blushing?!
Mayu: 'C-Cause it's you and me. You know, our relationship is SPECIAL... right? Ahaha...
*I agree that it is.*
Satoru: (A SPECIAL relationship...)
*Mayu-senpai knows my past.*
*She knows everything about the person I was before I joined the SFD...*
*Maybe that's why I'm having so much trouble treating this as a mission?*
Ryuunosuke: "I know I mentioned it last time, but I'll let you decide on the timing and method of infiltration."
Ryuunosuke: "If you think you're ready, then go for it. But remember, the most important thing right now is to avoid taking risks."
Satoru: Right. We'll continue gathering information for the time being.
Ryuunosuke: "Alright. Thanks."
*I end the call and swap out the SIM cards.*
*I put my personal feelings aside, and spoke of the situation objectively to him.*
*Since he's left the decision-making stuff in my hands, I feel even more pressured to see this through.*
Satoru: How's it going, Nanami?
Nanami: Hmm. Personally, it feels like we're never going to get anywhere, at this rate.
Satoru: I feel that...
*We haven't been able to procure any useful information at all.*
Satoru: We'll have to check if the keycard still works if we want any shot at hacking her computer again... 
Nanami: Hmm. How about when Shikibe-senpai's in her lab during the day?
Nanami: If I could hack directly from her computer while it's turned on with all her privileges, we'd be set.
Satoru: That's... not a very solid plan.
Nanami: Yeah, figures... Hmm...
*She rests her finger on her chin for a moment and ponders.*
*After a few seconds, she looks back up at me with an expression like she's just thought of something.*
Nanami: Do you think you can buy me some time, Satoru-kun?
Nanami: Just draw Shikibe-senpai's attention away from her computer for ten minutes.
================================================================================
Nanami: Good thing the keycard still worked.
Satoru: Yeah, but the hard part starts now.
Nanami: Yep, and I'm ready!
*No alarms are ringing off, nor are there any signs of security rushing to the schoolbuilding.*
*In other words, they still don't know about our forged keycard.*
*We took a risk in using it again, but that risk paid off.*
*We suddenly diverge from the path and head towards the research center.*
Nanami: Turn here. We'll go through the service door as planned.
Satoru: Gotcha. How long do you think you can fool the cameras outside?
Nanami: One minute. Anything beyond that would be too much of a gamble.
Satoru: One minute's plenty.
Nanami: Okay. So, um, let's get this started... Alright, you're gonna want to watch out for the two cameras at the entrance.
Satoru: Got it. I'll carry you and make a beeline to the first safety point.
*I make my way past the guards and sensors through a combination of my astral ability and the stealth functions on both of our uniforms.*
*Once we arrive at the service door, Nanami quickly places the keycard over the door's sensor while still in my arms.*
*The door opens, and we creep inside the building without making a single peep.*
*The interior of the building is dead silent, just as Mayu-senpai said.*
Nanami: There'll be a spot on the left side three meters ahead once you walk through the door. Hide there.
Satoru: Got it.
*We avoid speaking as much as possible after the infiltration, relying on simple noise from our communication devices as signals.*
*It involves certain blowing noises which correspond to different meanings. We've been trained both in how to do them and interpret them.*
*A successful mission hinges upon such skills, which is why everything has proceeded smoothly so far.*
Satoru: Ah!
*The moment I step through the door, I sense a person approaching and quickly hid in the shadows.*
*Wasting no time, Nanami turns back on the cameras covering the entrance area we just passed through.*
*It's best to tamper with things as little as possible on missions, as a precautionary measure in the event that something unforeseen happens.*
*We knew this, which is why we only planned to disable the cameras while I was passing through their line of sight.*
*Thankfully we made it in just in time. Even a second later and that researcher would've caught us...*
*They walk past me, unlock a door to an adjacent block, and proceed inside right as Nanami finishes hacking.*
*Okay, we should be good to go now.*
Nanami: All clear. Proceed forward at a speed of two meters per second. I'll take care of the cameras under the assumption of a constant pace.
Satoru: Got it.
*I continue down our predetermined pathway.*
Satoru: The room seems to be empty.
Nanami: Okay. I'll open the door.
*She places the keycard against the astron sensor, unlocking the final door.*
Nanami: Phew! We're FINALLY here. I can actually use my voice again.
Nanami: Kinda crazy that there are still people up and working here this late at night. We'll have to be careful on our way out too.
Satoru: Yeah, let's wrap this up as fast as we can.
Satoru: Also, is it just me, or does this room look more like a head researcher's lab rather than a control room?
Nanami: Yeah, it's not just you. Definitely wasn't expecting it to look like this.
*She then walks straight towards a computer at a corner of the room.*
Nanami: Okay... This is what we're looking for.
Nanami: I'm gonna get started right away. Keep watch for me, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Yeah.
*I nod and check on the cameras.*
*They've been disabled, but we have to be ready to re-enable them on a moment's notice.*
*We'll need a place to hide in that case...*
*Right when I look away to scan the room, though--*
Satoru: Ah?!
*I hear an all-too-familiar sound from behind me.*
*Fuck, someone just unlocked the door!*
Satoru: Nanami!
Nanami: Hyah?!
*I heighten my reflexes using my ability and pull Nanami away from the computer.*
*I then lunge under cover and activate my uniform's stealth function.*
Nanami: R-Right, stealth!
*The door opens not a second after she manages to turn hers on.*
*Phew, that was a close call...*
*But we're safe; they shouldn't be able to notice us while our stealth is activated.*
Satoru: (We wait for them to leave, then continue with--)
*My trail of thought is instantly interrupted as I see the face of the person that entered.*
Mayu: 'Scuse me.
Satoru: (M-Mayu-senpai?!)
Mayu: Huh. No one's here... Did they all leave?
*Why is SHE here? Nothing hinted that she'd be coming to the research center today when I saw her earlier at noontime...*
*Actually, a more important question--why in the middle of the night? Is that when she normally comes here?*
Mayu: Well, whatever.
*She walks towards the computer completely oblivious to our presence.*
*After moving around the mouse a bit and hitting some keys, she gives a nod and gets up.*
Mayu: *sigh*
*Following that, she promptly leaves the room.*
*So what DID she come here to do?*
*Surely she didn't come to the research building this late SPECIFICALLY to do that minute or so of whatever on the computer?*
Nanami: This is a prime opportunity!
*Nanami bolts towards the computer and connects her tablet.*
Nanami: C'mon, c'mon, hurry up and trace the--Bingo!
Satoru: Wh-What are you freaking out for?
Nanami: She unlocked stuff I didn't have access too. I thought we were screwed when she walked in, but this was a heaven-send! Here, look!
*She pulls up a map of the research center on her tablet and shows it to me.*
*New security data appears on blocks that were previously blank.*
Nanami: This seems to be where Shikibe-senpai's headed to next.
*She points to a room on the map.*
*It's located in an area Nanami had told me earlier was off-limits.*
*Does that mean we now have access to it with the forged cardkey?*
*Does that mean... we can chase after Mayu-senpai?*
Satoru: ......
Nanami: Peeerfect, now at this rate I should be able to--Wait, crap, these other areas are super secure... I don't know if I can do this in ten minutes.
*She continues with the hacking as planned.*
*We initially decided that we would only stay in this room for ten minutes, to be on the safe side, gathering as much intel as we could in that time frame.*
*And my job was to stand watch for her... but I'm curious about where Mayu-senpai went.*
Satoru: Nanami. Keep doing what you're doing, but stay alert. If you hear anything, hide ASAP and turn on your stealth like we just did.
Nanami: Huh?
Satoru: Focus on getting all the info you can out of it. I'm gonna borrow the keycard in the meantime.
Nanami: Wait, what? Satoru-kun, what are you--
Satoru: I'm gonna go see if I can find Mayu-senpai.
*I know how pitiful my excuse was.*
*This is a big divergence from the original plan, and it'll be risky as all hell.*
*But I simply have to know.*
*Where is she headed--and why?*
*Perhaps it'll lead to some sort of hint regarding that "goal" she spoke about...*
Nanami: "Oh, why am I even going along with this? *sigh* There are two more rooms ahead, a camera two meters to your right, and two more around the corner."
*I receive a transmission from Nanami after I enter through the first door.*
Nanami: "You didn't even give me a chance to object; you just went flying out of the room."
Satoru: Are you still willing to navigate me?
Nanami: "You're lucky; I just reached a good stopping point... Not that I even have much of a choice. I know you aren't coming back till you find out something."
Nanami: "I'll prioritize your safety over my hacking, so promise me you'll get back here as soon as you can!"
Satoru: Sorry about this, Nanami.
*I've essentially forced her to go along with my rash decision...*
*Oh, well. I'll just have to convey my appreciation by finishing as fast as possible.*
*Making use of my visual memory, I bring up a mental image of the map I saw earlier, check the position of the cameras, then advance by passing through the blind spots.*
Satoru: (Okay, there are two rooms up ahead... Do you know which one Mayu-senpai went into?)
Nanami: "According to the logs I went through, it looks like she's in the larger one."
Nanami: "Don't you DARE go in there, though! You know better than that. Stealth is far from perfect."
Satoru: I know. I'll go into the other room.
*There's honestly no guarantee I'll find anything useful in it.*
*But I've come this far, so as long as there's a possibility, I might as well investigate...*
*I prepare myself mentally, then unlock the door and slip inside.*
Satoru: (What the...?)
*I could see everything.*
*The room on the other side was plainly visible through a glass barrier.*
Satoru: (Is that a medical capsule? No, it looks more like... a life-support machine.)
*That's the first image that springs to mind as I lay eyes on the person sleeping inside and notice the slow, rhythmic heaving of their chest.*
*But they're not the only person there...*
Mayu: ......
*Mayu-senpai is gazing at the person inside.*
*It's a tender gaze, one filled with love and compassion...*
*Whoever this person inside is, they're clearly someone Mayu-senpai thinks dearly of.*
*The scene almost reminds me of someone visiting a gravely ill loved-one in the hospital.*
Satoru: (So I guess Mayu-senpai came here to visit the girl in that capsule?)
*But that raises numerous questions.*
*Why not earlier? It's almost as thought she specifically came when she knew the person would be sleeping...*
*And why is there a person sleeping inside this capsule in the first place?*
*Is she undergoing some sort of medical treatment? But then, why here? Isn't this a research laboratory?*
*If she isn't a patient... then maybe she's some sort of test subject?*
*It's a bit of a chilling thought.*
Mayu: Kotori...
*Mayu-senpai speaks to the girl inside, blissfully unaware that I'm in the next room over watching her.*
*Kotori must be her name.*
Mayu: ......
Mayu: I just--can't live without you, Kotoriiii!
*Whoa, she just started wailing out of nowhere!*
Mayu: I'm trying my darnedest, but I'm still not making a lick of progress.
Mayu: Sorry for coming here and whining to you; I've just been feeling really down... I guess I need a motivation boost or something, I dunno...
*From the sound of it, this girl is a close friend.*
*Someone she can let it all out around...*
*I've never seen her act this despondent, ever.*
*She always makes a point to act mature and responsible around me--like she has everything together.*
*Yet, now...*
Mayu: Oh, but get this! This boy massaged my shoulders for me today.
Satoru: ......
*My heart just stopped for a brief second.*
*She's... definitely referring to me.*
Mayu: It was honestly kinda embarrassing, but it felt really nice...
Mayu: I keep telling myself I gotta be a mature, big sister figure to him, but I kinda let him see an unseemly side of me...
Mayu: That's what I wanted to talk to you about, Kotori. I know it's real late, but I just had to tell you.
Mayu: Remember the boy from Fuuran I told you about? That was him.
Mayu: We had this silly misunderstanding a while back where I jumped to conclusions and got worried over nothing... but he didn't get mad at me over it. He said he appreciated that I cared about him.
Satoru: ......
*That really meant a lot to her, didn't it...*
*Judging from her words, though, apparently she comes here and talks to her friend quite often?*
*So that means this girl has been like this for a while.*
*What happened to her, though? And why is Mayu-senpai being so open around her?*
Satoru: (Maybe her "goal" is related to this friend in some way?)
Satoru: (Then that would mean...)
Nanami: Satoru-kun, I can't disable the cameras any longer! You gotta get out of there!
Satoru: (Ah!)
*Nanami's frantic voice snaps me back to reality.*
*This is really gnawing at me, but I'll have to retreat for now.*
*I grit my teeth and head back to the room where Nanami is.*
Ryuunosuke: "What the hell were you thinking?"
Satoru: I have no excuses for my actions.
*After we pulled out of the research center, I returned back to my room and immediately reported to Dad. He finally brought me back to my senses.*
*I acted way out of line, and I realize that now.*
*Luckily it all worked out... but I'm getting cold sweats now that I think about just how dangerous that was of me to do.*
Satoru: Not only did I jeopardize my own safety, but Levy Nine's too, and the entire organization, for that matter.
Satoru: I deeply apologize for my misconduct. I'll reflect on--
Nanami: Satoru-kun. Hey, Satoru-kun.
*I suddenly feel Nanami tug on my sleeve as I'm in the middle of my remorseful apology.*
Satoru: Wh-What? I'm busy right now...
Nanami: Just hand over the phone for a sec.
Satoru: ......
*She's not going to take no for an answer, I can tell.*
*So I reluctantly hand my phone over to her, wondering what she's so insistent to say.*
Nanami: This is Levy Nine speaking. Dad... look.
Satoru: Wait, what are you--
*This is a formal report! You can just talk casually like that!*
*I was about to chide her, but what she says next blows me away.*
Nanami: You can't blame him for doing what he did. Shikibe-senpai was involved.
Satoru: N-Nanami?
Nanami: Huh? Yeah, Shikibe-senpai and Satoru-kun were from the same orphanage. Oh? I didn't know you knew.
Nanami: Uh-huh, he told me the other day. Yeah... they hadn't seen each other since childhood.
Nanami: Reunions like that can be touching. I can... sort of relate, personally.
Nanami: Yeah. If he's guilty for acting independently, then I'm equally at fault for allowing him to.
Nanami: I will resign myself to whatever punishment you deem appropriate.
*So that's why she didn't object to me doing that...*
Nanami: Okay. Yeah. Right, I'll give the phone back to him now.
Nanami: Here, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Y-Yeah...
*She hands me my phone.*
*Quickly thereafter, she turns her face away, blushing uncomfortably.*
Satoru: Thanks, Nanami.
Nanami: Save that for later, okay?!
Satoru: Yeah, sorry. This is Levy Six speaking again.
Ryuunosuke: Ahhh...
Satoru: H-Hello?
Ryuunosuke: "You gone crazy over this woman or what?"
Satoru: Oh, shut up! Are there not more important things we should be discussing right now?!
Ryuunosuke: "Right, let's get back to business. Your actions were unequivocally out of line this time."
Satoru: Yes.
Ryuunosuke: "But the intel you retrieved was very valuable. There's no debating that."
Satoru: I wasn't able to find out much more other than what I saw, though.
*There was a girl sleeping within a capsule in a room at the research center.*
*Why is there a girl in this capsule sleeping?*
*Why is the capsule inside of a research laboratory and not a hospital?*
*I could tell she was a friend of Mayu-senpai's, but what is her identity?*
*There are way too many unknowns right now. It's like the truth of the matter is shrouded in a dense fog.*
Ryuunosuke: "Hmm."
Satoru: Yeah?
Ryuunosuke: "Ah, sorry. Not much we can deduce at this junction."
Ryuunosuke: "I'll continue interrogating the men and entertain the possibility that they might've been after that girl. In the meantime..."
Ryuunosuke: "I want you to continue investigating on your end."
Satoru: Do you want me to try and find out more about the girl?
Ryuunosuke: "I know I've already made this painstakingly clear by now--but under normal circumstances you would've been punished for what you did."
Ryuunosuke: "However, we'll forget about that for now. But in return, you'll work extra hard for me, alright?"
Satoru: Yes, of course!
*It doesn't take me long to realize he's letting me off the hook.*
*So I owe it to him to comply.*
Satoru: I'll do everything in my power to make up for this blunder.
Ryuunosuke: "Great. Then your first mission is to win the heart of that girl, Mayu-chan."
Satoru: Excuse me?
*What the hell did he just say?*
Ryuunosuke: "It's our best course of action in this situation. She's a researcher, plus she's very familiar with the encapsulated girl."
Ryuunosuke: "The fastest way we're gonna get intel for the next infiltration--and subsequently information on the mystery girl--is through her."
Ryuunosuke: "As it stands, infiltrating the research center is extremely risky. You should only attempt it again after gathering more information."
Ryuunosuke: "See what I'm saying? You want to avoid taking risks as much as possible."
Satoru: I-I see what you're saying, but--
*REALLY?*
*I-I mean, it is a mission, so I guess I need to push my personal feelings aside...*
Satoru: (But I'm definitely appreciative for an excuse to interact with Mayu-senpai.)
Satoru: (Maybe I'll be able to learn more about her in the--)
Satoru: (......)
*Wh-What are you thinking, Satoru?!*
*Right after I tell myself to push my personal feelings aside...*
*It's the exact same thing that happened earlier when I spontaneously went and chased after her.*
Satoru: (I... think I might...)
Ryuunosuke: "Most of all, though."
Satoru: Ah!
Ryuunosuke: "Didn't you say she's also paying quite a lot of attention to you?"
Satoru: U-Umm...
Ryuunosuke: "Damn, it's the typical spy movie plotline. You meet a woman and get her to fall in love with you so she'll leak you confidential info!"
Satoru: Ngh! I-I already told you, it's not--
*I can't finish my sentence.*
*Almost like my subconscious was telling me not to deny it.*
Ryuunosuke: "Hm? Aren't you gonna finish what you were saying?"
Satoru: U-Uh, er...
Ryuunosuke: "Well, as long as you get the information we need, I honestly don't care what you do."
Ryuunosuke: "Anyway, that's all I wanted to tell you. Keep working hard."
*He ends the call before I can respond in any way.*
*But, if I'm being honest, that's a relief.*
Satoru: (Why've I been acting so funny today?)
Satoru: (Yeah... it has to be what I'm thinking it is.)
Nanami: ......
Satoru: Oh. S-Sorry.
*Her peevish stare pulls me back to reality before I can sink too deep into thought.*
Satoru: I should probably tell you what Dad told me.
Nanami: I pieced it together for the most part.
Satoru: Oh, okay.
Nanami: He told you to approach Shikibe-senpai in order to gather more information, both in general and regarding the sleeping girl. Am I right?
Satoru: That's the gist of it, yeah.
Nanami: Well, okay... I guess the mission was a failure this time, either way. We weren't able to accomplish our initial objective because you ran off.
Nanami: I couldn't forge the keycard logs, nor was I able to find another method for disabling security.
Satoru: Entirely my fault. Really, I can't apologize enough...
*The research center's system is completely different from the main school building's. It can't be hacked nearly as easily.*
*Like Nanami mentioned earlier, I don't think they'll notice that we trespassed IMMEDIATELY, but there is a possibility that they'll find out eventually.*
Nanami: W-Well, look on the bright side. Even if you stayed, there was no guarantee everything would've worked out anyway.
Satoru: That's not very reassuring...
Nanami: I-I'm just trying to put our current situation into perspective!
Nanami: So, well, yeah. I guess what I'm saying is... discovering that girl was big.
Nanami: The original mission ended a failure, but we DID get something else out of it. And that was all thanks to you.
Satoru: Nanami...
Nanami: A-And that means, um... it's crucial that we find out more about that girl. Even I realize that!
Nanami: You're not the one who shoulders all the responsibility, so, um, stop mulling over everything. I'm your little sister and your partner, and you should try to remember that!
Satoru: I will, thanks.
*I take her words to heart.*
*I really do appreciate her so much. A lump of anxiety was swelling in my chest, but now it's gone.*
Satoru: Yeah. I'll keep doing everything I can, both for you and for me.
Nanami: ......
Nanami: H-Hey, Satoru-kun. Can I ask you a question?
Satoru: Hm?
Nanami: Do you, um... um... you know.
Nanami: Do you like Shikibe-senpai?
Satoru: Do you want the truth?
Nanami: Y-Yeah!
Satoru: I'm not sure. I can't tell what my feelings for her are at this point.
Nanami: ......
Nanami: What kinda answer is THAT?
*She shoulders immediately slump like a massive wave of dejection just hit her.*
Nanami: Here I was prepared for an actual answer, you give me THAT. I don't even know how I'm supposed to respond!
Satoru: Sorry, I guess...
Nanami: Hmph.
Satoru: Would you happen to know?
Nanami: No. Figure it out YOURSELF, stupid.
*She's exactly right.*
*In truth, I DO know.*
*All it'll take is a tiny bit more examining and any lingering doubts I still have will disappear.*
*That's why I want to try and ignore it, at least a little, for now...*
*That's what I feel I have to do.*
================================================================================
Mayu: Oh, good morning, Satoru-kun. Eating breakfast?
Satoru: Yeah... Mind if I sit across from you?
Mayu: Be my guest!
*This is my current task.*
*I have to approach Mayu-senpai more than before.*
*Even if my behavior is a bit conspicuous...*
Mayu: Satoru-kun?! Geez, you're even coming to visit my classroom now?
Satoru: Well, you weren't in your lab, so I figured I'd check.
Mayu: Ahaha, sorry. Today's one of those rare days where I needed to attend class.
Mayu: Thanks for coming here to see me.
Satoru: No problem...
Mayu: *giggle* Oh, actually.
Mayu: Should I inform you in advance when I won't be in my lab?
Satoru: That'd be appreciated.
Mayu: Gotcha. Will do then. So did you come to invite me to lunch?
Satoru: Yeah. Is that fine by you?
Mayu: Sure, I'd be glad to have lunch with you. But, gosh, that sure was a surprise. I never expected you to come all the way here to find me.
Satoru: ......
*Every time I see that sweet smile on her face, I feel a sharp pang of pain in my chest...*
*I'm hiding things from her.*
*I'm taking advantage of her kindness in the hopes that she'll reveal her own secrets, even though I'm keeping mine from her.*
*And that won't change as long as I'm in the SFD.*
*As hard as it is, though, I can't change my life's situation on a whim...*
*I don't have the right to face my own feelings, being a secret agent.*
*The only thing I can do is try to ignore them by telling myself "I don't know."*
Satoru: ......
*Anyways.*
Satoru: Hey, Mayu-senpai.
Mayu: Hm? Need somethin'?
Satoru: Um... well... I just...
Satoru: Nevermind. It's nothing.
Mayu: O-Okay?
*How do I even broach this subject?!*
*I've been mulling over this question for the entire day.*
*I want to find out more about that girl I saw...*
*But there's absolutely nothing I can use to segue into it.*
*Anything I say will be met with the same reply: "How do you know about her?"*
*I've been chilling in her lab for a while now, just absently sipping on this cup of coffee.*
*How do I go about getting more information...*
Mayu: ......
Mayu: Y-Y'know, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: U-Um, yeah?
Mayu: Er... not to sound naggy or anything, but um, do you really not having anything else to do besides hang out with me?
Satoru: Like what?
*I-I really hope she's not starting to suspect something.*
Mayu: Ah, don't get me wrong, I'm not bothered by you or anything. Honestly, I really like spending time with you... But I just gotta wonder if I should really be occupying all your free time.
Mayu: I mean, what about your other friends? Are they not mad that you're not spending as much time with them lately?
Satoru: Not really...
*Phew. It seems she hasn't grown wary yet.*
*But, in a sense, it will be kind of hard to keep this up if she's just going to worry each time I come.*
Mayu: R-Really?
Satoru: You're the only one I want to spend time with right now, Mayu-senpai.
Mayu: WHA--?!
*My mission to bodyguard Mitsukasa-san has concluded. As discussed with Dad yesterday, my current mission is to try and get information from Mayu-senpai, so that takes priority over everything else.*
*But I still haven't figured out how to go about asking her about that girl.*
*If I'm not careful with my words, she'll know that I'm keeping SOMETHING from her...*
Mayu: Ahh! Ugh, ngh, nghh!
Mayu: (Did he just say what I think he did?! I'm not misinterpreting that combination of words, am I?!)
Mayu: (Okay, calm down. Calm down and think, Shikibe Mayu. Let's review the facts, first of all...)
Mayu: (Lately, Satoru-kun has been coming to visit me extremely frequently. So frequently it seems odd...)
Mayu: (He massaged my shoulders, came all the way to my classroom just to invite me to lunch... Yeah, definitely not things I could've seen him doing a week or two ago.)
Mayu: (And just now, he said to me... "You're the only one I want to spend time with right now, M-Mayu-senpai.")
Mayu: (D-Doesn't that practically HAVE to mean he's trying to hit on me?!)
Mayu: (Satoru-kun?! Trying to hit on ME?! I don't believe it... b-but there's simply no other explanation...)
Mayu: (Nghh! Don't jump to conclusions! I-I need to test this hypothesis first! That's the very foundation of the scientific method!)
Mayu: (How to test my hypothesis... If he really IS doing what I think he is... then I have a multitude of different ways to prove it...)
Mayu: (P-Perhaps I should observe how he responds to certain scenarios? Right, I can just go with that again...)
Mayu: O-Oh goodness, my shoulders sure are stiff after a long day of work today!
*I was in deep thought when suddenly Mayu-senpai starts to grumble and rotate her arms at the shoulder joints.*
*All the while as she's doing that, she throws insinuative glances towards me every few seconds.*
Satoru: ......
Mayu: ......
Satoru: Oh, want me to give you another massage?
Mayu: AH!
*She has a pretty assertive personality, generally speaking, but she becomes pretty meek and reserved when asking other people for favors.*
Satoru: You can just ask if you want one. It's the least I can do for you considering all you do for me.
Mayu: O-Oh, okay! If you don't mind then, um, another massage would be great...
*Even with the situation as it was, I'm at least glad that she seems to have liked the massage I gave her.*
*And this time, thankfully, I don't have to do it with any ulterior motives.*
*I'll try to do a better job this time too by way of apology.*
Mayu: Mmh...
Satoru: Yeah, I can certainly feel it. You're REALLY stiff here.
Mayu: Mmh, mmh, mh... Y-Yeah... I do a lot of deskwork, so I'm not surprised...
Mayu: Not to mention... I have these big things hanging off my chest too... haha...
Satoru: I-I guess...
*I was hoping she wouldn't mention that...*
*But I suppose it is a conscious issue for her that she has to deal with.*
Satoru: (Heck, they're softly bouncing just from me rubbing her shoulders...)
*I'm almost inclined to believe that lifting up those jugs for her would help infinitely more than a shoulder massage.*
*Not that I'd ever do that...*
Satoru: (Unfortunately, being a guy, it's hard not to stare...)
Mayu: ......
Satoru: A-Alright, let's soften up these muscles. How's this spot?
Mayu: Mmmh! Y-Yeah, that feels great...
Satoru: Nice. I'll keep massaging it then...
Mayu: Mmh... mh...
*It's a damn good thing she has her back to me.*
*Really, have I ALWAYS been this fixated on boobs?*
*Not to say that I was uninterested, but I could definitely accomplish something like a shoulder massage without staring...*
*Maybe hers are just too large to ignore?*
Satoru: (Or maybe... W-Wait, no, calm down. Focus on the massage...)
Mayu: ......
Mayu: (H-He's TOTALLY staring at my boobs! I'm, like, 90\% certain!)
Mayu: (He's not even moving his eyes an INCH... Wh-Why's he like this? He's never stared this intently at them before...)
Mayu: (Wait! I-Is it what I think it is?!)
Mayu: (He's remembering all those times when I shoved his face in 'em?!)
Mayu: (Y-Yeah, I even remember him saying something along the lines of "No man could possibly stay calm with his face stuck between a pair of boobs"...)
Mayu: (W-Wait, so that time when he pinned me against the wall--was he SERIOUS?!)
Mayu: (Was he ready to go further if I reacted the way he was hoping?! Was that why you did that, Satoru-kun?!)
Mayu: (If he went FURTHER... then that means he probably would've... touched my boobs...)
Mayu: (N-No! He DEFINITELY wouldn't have stopped after copping a feel! Boys his age have crazy libidos!)
Mayu: (He wants to touch MORE than just my boobs... Th-That means he wants to... wants to do YOU-KNOW-WHAT with me?!)
Mayu: (O-Oh god, what should I do?! That's... that's too much for me to...)
*Mayu-senpai seemed awfully quiet during the massage. Maybe I was just imagining it, though?*
*Regardless, I finished up my massage while keeping my desires in check, then went home for the day.*
*No progress was made on my mission... but there was nothing I could've done about that, unfortunately.*
*I might ask Nanami for advice on how to go about broaching the subject of that girl...*
Mayu: Hmm...
Mayu: Hmmmm...
Mayu: Th-There's just no way!
Mayu: Satoru-kun being SEXUALLY ATTRACTED to me? No way... that's way too crazy...
Mayu: There's no way he is... at least, I think...
Mayu: Aghhh, I don't know!
Mayu: What do I do if he IS attracted to me?! Agh, this stuff is way out of my area of expertise... If only I had even the tiniest bit of experience...
Mayu: Actually, why am I thinking about that? What he thinks doesn't matter; it's what I think about it that's important.
Mayu: I mean... it's not like I'm... NOT interested in him a bit... But I'd be way too scared to go forward with anything...
Mayu: P-Plus, I'm supposed to be a big sister figure for him. I don't want to hurt his feelings if he DOES ask me out... so I'd have to try and not be too blunt if I turned him down...
Mayu: Aghhh, how am I supposed to say no without making it hurt?! Ahhhh, I have virtually zero experience with romance and men!
Mayu: But it's never too late to start! Yeah, it's time to do some research.
Mayu: Open browser, click, go to search engine... Now "how to blow off a younger boy who likes you."
Mayu: Wait, what?! WHAT IS THAT?!
Mayu: Whoa... I-I don't know if I can do THAT...
Mayu: *gulp* Hmm... very interesting...
Satoru: So that's my current dilemma. Any idea on what I can do?
*I gave Nanami a call after I returned to my dorm.*
Nanami: I don't know what you're looking for out of me...
Nanami: All you said was you massaged her shoulders. Not quite sure how to respond to that, really.
*Good question.*
*Yeah... she has a really good point.*
Nanami: I guess we can take that to mean she's opened up to you?
Satoru: Y-You think? Wait, how'd you arrive at that?
Nanami: Come on. A girl's not gonna let just any guy massage her shoulders.
Nanami: You wouldn't even let someone touch in you in general. Not unless you're really comfortable around them.
Satoru: O-Oh.
Nanami: Why are you grinning like some idiot?
Satoru: Shut up; I'm not.
*At least, I think...*
*Honestly, I was kind of jumping for joy on the inside when Nanami said that.*
Satoru: (I know I have no right to, though.)
*In fact, my guilt just compounds each time something with Mayu-senpai makes me happy.*
*And I don't see that changing.*
*With that in consideration--and the fact that I'm making Nanami a bit irritated--I should be careful with my behavior going forward.*
Satoru: Would you say anything's worth trying if it has the possibility of giving us new leads?
Nanami: Yeah, probably. We still know absolutely nothing about that girl.
Nanami: Even the tiniest of hints will be better than what we have now.
Satoru: Right... And on that note, I have an idea.
Satoru: At the very least, we know that the sleeping girl is a friend of Mayu-senpai's.
Nanami: Yeah. From what you said, she seems like a really close friend.
Satoru: So since infiltrating the research center again carries too much risk, why don't we hack Mayu-senpai's personal computer in her room instead?
Satoru: We currently lack any real information, so I feel like that would be a better option than probing the AIMS database for something.
Nanami: Oh, yeah, that makes sense. They're friends, so...
Satoru: Exactly. We might find some personal information pertaining to the girl on Mayu-senpai's computer.
Nanami: Good thinking... And sneaking into her room won't be a problem at all...
Nanami: But you'll basically be invading her privacy... Are you okay with that?
Satoru: It's for the mission; I'll have to do it.
*I swallow my emotions as I answer her.*
Nanami: ......
Nanami: Okay. Let's go ahead and set this plan into motion then. 
Satoru: Tonight?
Nanami: Tomorrow during the day's also an option, but we'd both have to leave class at the exact same time. See the problem with that?
Nanami: Doing it in the middle of the night would be tough too. You'd be sneaking in while she's asleep.
Satoru: Fair point. So I guess evening it is.
================================================================================
*The plan goes something like this.*
Nanami: Shikibe-senpai!
Mayu: Hm? Oh, hi there, Nanami-chan! Need something?
*The initial step starts after we've finished eating dinner and taken our baths.*
*First, Nanami catches Mayu-senpai outside her room.*
Nanami: Are you free right now? I was kinda wondering if you could help me study!
Mayu: Y-You want ME to help you STUDY?!
Nanami: Huh?! Y-You don't have to if you don't want to...
Mayu: Ah, sorry 'bout that. No, I'll help you. Gladly... Ahaha.
Mayu: Err, but are you sure you're asking the right person here?
Nanami: You seem like the smartest one out of all my friends!
Mayu: R-Really? I mean, I guess MAYBE I am? Maybe...
Mayu: S-So, um, are we going to your room to do this?
Nanami: Oh, um, I'd prefer the lobby, if that's fine by you.
Mayu: Will you be able to focus there?
Nanami: Well, my room's a bit of a mess right now... Ahaha.
Mayu: Oh, okay.
Nanami: Alright, let's go!
*In the meantime...*
*I'm climbing the building wall, as per usual.*
Nanami: Everything's proceeding according to plan over here.
Satoru: Alright...
*A few moments later...*
Satoru: Phew.
*I've successfully sneaked into Mayu-senpai's room through the window.*
*It was still before curfew, so there was a possibility that I would be spotted by someone as I scaled the wall...*
Satoru: No signs of that, though.
*Our uniform's stealth function exists precisely to prevent scenarios like that from happening.*
*Also, luckily enough, the window's lock was a normal lock that doesn't require a keycard. That made things easier.*
Satoru: I've successfully infiltrated the room. I'll now proceed to insert the tool. 
*I give Nanami a status update then take out the hacking tool from my pocket. It's the same one we used last time.*
Satoru: Okay, let's turn the computer on...
*All I have to do is in insert it. The program will run by itself and do everything it needs to.*
*Our objective this time is to simply copy the data on the computer, so nothing complicated. After putting it in, I just have to wait for it to tell me its done.*
*The estimated finish time based on the size of the contents on the HDD is 15 minutes.*
*Once it's done, the computer will turn off. That's the signal I'm waiting for before I pull it out.*
Satoru: (I still feel bad about invading Mayu-senpai's privacy...)
*Sorry...*
*All I can do is apologize to her in my head.*
Satoru: Alright, gotta focus on the mission.
*Once I see that the computer is on, I promptly insert the--*
Nanami: S-Satoru-kun!
Satoru: Ah?!
*A sudden transmission from Nanami stops my hand where it is.*
*It wasn't a noise signal either; it was her voice... And a very panic-filled one, at that.*
Satoru: Wh-What happened?
Nanami: Get out of there stat!
Satoru: Huh?
Nanami: I'm sorry! For some reason, she just apologized and left in a hurry!
Satoru: Wha--?! Why's she in a hurry?!
Satoru: Ack?!
*I hear the door unlock from behind me.*
*H-How is she already back?!*
Satoru: (I-I'm screwed!)
*I need to leave--but I can't! She'll notice if I go through the window.*
*I quickly hid in a corner the moment the door begins to open.*
*Then, without a second to waste, I activate the stealth function.*
Mayu: *sigh*
Satoru: (D-Did she catch me?!)
Mayu: Sorry, Nanami-chan. I really feel bad about abandoning you after I said yes...
Mayu: But after a cursory glance, I had a feeling I was gonna be there for a while...
Mayu: I still need to take my bath, plus I have other things to focus on right now. The things I'M studying...
*I don't... think she noticed me.*
*Phew, I'm safe... That was a close call.*
Satoru: Escape unsuccessful. But I currently have my stealth activated and haven't been spotted.
*I inform Nanami of my current situation via noise signals.*
Satoru: I'll attempt to escape when the opportunity arises.
Nanami: A-Alright.
*Still... I'm in quite the sticky situation.*
*The stealth function may hide my appearance, but she'll notice if I make any large movements.*
*Meaning escaping through the window isn't an option, nor is leaving through the door, since unlocking and opening it will also make noise.*
Satoru: (I'll just have to wait here till she leaves the room again... She did say she hasn't taken a bath yet, luckily, so that'll probably be my opportunity.)
*But that WAS the reason why she came back here in the first place...*
Mayu: Alrighty... hmhmhm!
*Why, though? I assume that means she has something to take care of before taking her bath...*
*But what? She seems awfully cheery, for some reason...*
Mayu: Yep, just as I thought. You always gotta prepare yourself beforehand, no matter the situation.
Mayu: I just need to study up, then I'll be able to keep myself calm and composed when the time comes, just like a big sister should...
Mayu: And I'm sure that'll lead to some good things... *giggle*! Hmhmhmhm!
*She's studying?*
*Aren't her grades basically top of the class? What subject would she possibly need to prepare for?*
Nanami: Want me to drop by and see if I can create a chance for you to escape through the window?
Satoru: No, I'd rather not. That sounds too risky. I'll just wait it out.
*Safety first, as the saying goes. I want to avoid taking any risks.*
*It's definitely not because I'm itching to see what she's about to do... No, most definitely not.*
Mayu: Whoops, can't forget my coffee. Gonna need that to relax.
Mayu: But boy oh boy, I sure discovered something amazing! I had no idea people did things like that.
*Seriously, what is it?!*
*What subject could possibly make her this giddy? I have to know...*
*N-No, wait. I'm not doing this for me! I have no other choice; I'm stuck here!*
*I'm absolutely not peeking because I want to! Okay... maybe just a little...*
Mayu: Alrighty. Hmm? I don't remember leaving my computer on. That's weird.
*Shit! I-Is she gonna think anything of it?!*
Mayu: Good thinking, me! Now, time to continue where I left off yesterday...
*Phew. Still in the clear...*
*The one saving grace in this situation was that she entered before I'd inserted the hacking tool.*
*Huh. She's on her internet browser looking at something?*
*Maybe it's a research page on some astron-related topic?*
Mayu: How to blow off a boy... Finally, we're getting to the meat of it. I'm ready.
*......*
*My brain just had a momentary lapse--What?!*
*How to blow off a boy? What on earth is she studying?*
Mayu: O-Ohh, there's really a lot of different ways to do it... Oh-ho... Hmm? Whoa...
Mayu: As the adult between the two of us, I need to handle the situation right...
Mayu: I mean, I want to turn him down, but I don't want to hurt him, y'know? I still want those shoulder massages...
*Wait. Is she talking about me?*
*She's studying how to blow me off? How to turn me down? Wait, back up. What the hell?!*
Nanami: S-Satoru-kun?
Satoru: I'm collecting useful information... I'll stay here and see how much I can get.
Nanami: O-Okay...
*Man, maybe she's actually annoyed by my frequent visits?*
*Nanami did say that girls wouldn't just let any guy massage their shoulders... But maybe Mayu-senpai felt compelled to say yes for some reason?*
*W-Wait, stop thinking negatively. She SAID she wanted more of them.*
*So where does that leave us?! What's going on here?! Why is she studying how to "blow me off"?!*
Mayu: A-All the methods on this site are so raunchy...
*R-Raunchy?! What kind of site is she on?!*
*Gah, I can't see the monitor from where I'm at and it's driving me crazy!*
Mayu: O-Okay... yeah. As the adult, I definitely need to... familiarize myself with these sorts of things...
Mayu: I AM older than him... so he probably expects me to take the lead...
Mayu: I mean, I'm not ENTIRELY opposed to doing those things, I'm just a little scared... I can't let him know that, though...
Mayu: Yeah... I'll just have to do it... I'll do the things suggested on here... and that should satisfy him for the meantime--well, probably not, in all honesty...
Mayu: G-Geez *gulp*... People do some really crazy things... But boys like it, apparently?
Mayu: It says I should suck his dick...
*H-Hold up! WHAT?!*
*Is she on some sex advice website for women?!*
Mayu: Ohh... Hrmm... So that part's called the frenulum...
Mayu: The frenulum and the head... Gotta remember that... Hrmmm...
*And she's reading it all in meticulous detail! Why?! Just why?!*
*I have to stop myself from shouting at the top of my lungs.*
*Actually, why am I spying on her in the first place?! That's the biggest question I should be asking myself!*
Nanami: S-Satoru-kun?! Are you okay?!
*Oh god, there's no way in hell I can tell Nanami what's going on right now!*
*Man, honestly, I just want to get the hell out of here right this second...*
*My heart's beating like a runaway train, and it's DEFINITELY not because I'm scared of being caught!*
*She's reading an internet how-to for blowjobs! Mayu-senpai is! Apparently to use on me!*
*What am I supposed to do, goddammit?! Just standing still is hard enough!*
*Agh, please, just go take your damn bath already!*
Mayu: *sigh*... *gulp*... small, quick movements...
Mayu: M-Maybe I should do a little practice test?
*A-A what?! What is she about to do?!*
*Oh god, I don't like where this is headed.*
Mayu: Yeah... You know what they say, practice makes perfect.
Mayu: This is REALLY embarrassing... But, honestly, I'd rather do this than embarrass myself in front of him with my lack of sex knowledge...
Mayu: I gotta do it...
*Wait. Just relax, Satoru. Isn't this a golden opportunity?*
*She's glued to her computer right now. Maybe I can open the door real carefully without her noticing?*
Nanami: Satoru-kun! Say something!
Satoru: Ngh! I'm gonna--
*Just as I'm about to finish my sentence, I hear something that kills as the reason left in me.*
Mayu: I'll make sure I'm prepared for you when the time comes, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Hngh?!
*My heart nearly leaped out of my just when I heard her say my name there.*
*Before I know it, I've accidentally cut off transmission and leaned myself forward.*
*And what a sight I'm greeted with.*
Mayu: Ahmf... *slurp*...
Satoru: (Ahhh?!)
*She's sucking on her finger VERY erotically.*
*.........*
*......*
*...*
*For a minute or so after, Mayu-senpai sat in her chair to catch her breath.*
*Eventually, though, she sat back up and grabbed some tissues to wipe her crotch with.*
Mayu: I really need to... take a bath now...
Mayu: S-Surely no one's in there now... It's almost closing time...
Mayu: *sigh*... I still have a LOT of studying to do before I'm ready...
*She grabs a change of clothes and dejectedly walks out the door.*
Satoru: ......
*I shouldn't have to worry about her coming back for a while now.*
Satoru: Ugh... agh!
*I continue to brace myself with all my might as I leave the room.*
Nanami: Satoru-kun!
*I wasn't able to make it back to my room in the state I was in.*
*I supported myself by leaning against the walls and walked towards Nanami's room.*
Satoru: Sorry, I know you told me not to come... But please, just let me rest here a bit...
Satoru: Otherwise... I'm gonna fall apart...
Nanami: O-Okay. I'm not gonna tell you to leave when you look like that.
Nanami: I'm glad you're safe, though. After I lost contact with you, I thought about breaking in so many times...
Nanami: E-Everything went fine, right?
Satoru: Yeah... don't think she noticed me...
*I sit down and take a breather.*
*I was tightening the bottom half of my body--or rather, clenching my ass the entire time, which made me extremely fatigued.*
*Most of it's mental fatigue, though...*
Satoru: I was scared for a while, but luckily she left to take a bath, and I used that opportunity to get out.
Nanami: Yeah... Sorry. This was all my fault.
Nanami: I assumed she'd already taken one... I should've asked.
Nanami: I'm curious, though. What was that thing she mentioned having to take care of before taking her bath?
Satoru: ......
Nanami: Satoru-kun?
Satoru: E-Err, right... How to best go about explaining this...
Satoru: I'd rather not say, out of respect for her privacy...
Nanami: We were planning to steal everything that was on her computer. I'm not sure privacy is something to be concerned about at this point.
Satoru: I-I know, but still!
Satoru: It wasn't in any way related to our mission, so please... just let it go!
Nanami: You want me to "let it go"... *sigh*
Nanami: Well, if you want to keep it a personal secret that only you know, so be it.
Satoru: Sure, just please don't ask me any more questions...
Nanami: Alright. So, moving along.
Nanami: Let's try hacking her computer again another time.
Satoru: What?
Nanami: What do you mean, what? Why wouldn't we?
Nanami: I'll keep her occupied next time, I promise, so that you'll have no problem doing your part. Sound good?
Satoru: ......
*I-I really, REALLY don't feel up to this...*
*But I think... I'm just gonna have to do it.*
Satoru: (I have to... erase that sex site from her browsing history... before we run that hacking program!)
Satoru: (But she'd notice that, definitely... Ugh, is there no way around it?!)
Nanami: Look, I feel bad about invading her privacy too.
Nanami: But we have to keep trying until we succeed. Isn't that right?
Satoru: Yeah... you're right...
*I'm sorry, Mayu-senpai. I'm so, so sorry...*
*Forgive me for not being able to apologize in person...*
Nanami: Wait. You said Shikibe-senpai went to take a bath right now?
Satoru: Y-Yeah. That's what she said before she walked out...
Satoru: She won't have much time, though. It's almost closing time for the baths.
Nanami: Think about it. Isn't this, like, the perfect opportunity for us?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: P-Please, no! Not today. At least give me a few days to recover.
*As pitiful as it is... I'm still abstaining at this very moment.*
*And if I go back into her room, I'll remember everything I just saw... and this time I'll definitely get a boner.*
Nanami: Sh-Shouldn't you go back to your room and get to bed if you're that exhausted?
Satoru: Let me rest here for just a little while longer, please.
Nanami: Y-You're that worn out? Well, I guess you should be after what you had to do...
*Oh, she has no idea. Any guy would be drained after experiencing what I just did.*
*But that's not the main reason I don't want to go today. The guilt I feel is just too strong.*
Mayu: Phew.
Mayu: I made the right decision to go during the last half hour of bath time... Thankfully, I was the only one in there...
Mayu: I'd feel REALLY awkward running into someone after doing what I just did... but I'd feel gross and dirty if I didn't take a bath.
Mayu: I-I shouldn't regret doing it. Everyone has to learn somehow.
Mayu: But gosh, will I be able look at Satoru-kun in the eyes tomorrow? I feel like I'll get flashbacks...
Mayu: Bad, Mayu. Get yourself together. Switch back to your usual self.
Mayu: Yeah, back to my normal self... Let's go ahead and check my e-mail.
Mayu: ......
Mayu: Oh, right. Today was when they were doing that routine security system check.
*Not like it matters to me... My research isn't exactly the most interesting stuff...*
*At least, nothing industry spies would give a care about.*
Mayu: Hmm?
Mayu: Wait a second. This... doesn't look right.
*I did go to the research center that day... but what's with this log?*
Mayu: ......
Mayu: Wait, don't tell me...
Mayu: Ngh!
================================================================================
*I avoided seeing Mayu-senpai the next day.*
*It's not only sad, but probably comes off as odd to her. I mean, I've been visiting her every day for the past week or so.*
*But I just couldn't bring myself to do it.*
*However, my mission still continues.*
Nanami: Alright, let's give it another go.
Satoru: Okay.
*It's nighttime, and Nanami's raring to go. Now's not the time to back down.*
Nanami: I'll invite Shikibe-senpai to take a bath with me. That way we can avoid the mistake that cost us last time.
Nanami: She'll be away from her room for a good while, so even if some complications arise, you should have plenty of time to get out of there.
Satoru: We just have to hope she won't remember what you did to her last time in the bath and say no...
Nanami: C-Come on, that's not gonna happen! I've cleared up that misunderstanding with her...
Nanami: Why'd you have to remind me now?! I'd almost forgotten all about it... I hate you, Satoru-kun... You jerk...
Satoru: I'm sincerely sorry.
*Even if I'm loathing having to do this, I probably shouldn't have brought that up...*
*I'm just gonna have to get over it already.*
*What I saw yesterday was something I didn't need to see. Completely different circumstances than the sleeping girl in the capsule.*
*I didn't see anything yesterday... I didn't see anything...*
Satoru: Okay, I'm ready.
Nanami: Yeah. Same plan as yesterday.
Satoru: Let's pretend yesterday never happened.
Nanami: R-Right. We both messed up.
*In very different ways... No, no more thinking about it...*
Nanami: I have successfully lured the target to point F.
Satoru: Roger that. Commencing infiltration.
Satoru: Phew.
*As long as Nanami keeps Mayu-senpai occupied, the rest should be cake.*
*I sneak in with no troubles and complete the hacking in a few minutes. All in all, it went a lot faster than I expected.*
*I've received no contact from Nanami either, so that means they're both still in the bath.*
*Time for me to get out of here, then.*
*I suppress the bubbling feelings of guilt and quickly leave the room.*
*After this, we'll have Nanami run over the data and then we'll be done.*
Satoru: (I NEVER want to have to do something like this ever again...)
*For that reason, I can only hope the data gives us some sort of lead...*
Nanami: Hmm.
Satoru: ......
Nanami: How are we supposed to interpret this?
Satoru: I... don't know. Wasn't expecting it, honestly.
*Approximately ten minutes later.*
*Nanami and I both stare at the screen of her tablet in utter confusion.*
*As odd as it is...*
Satoru: I can't believe the only stuff on here is the OS and the pre-installed programs...
Nanami: Yeah. It's like she uses it for internet browsing and nothing else.
Nanami: Hrmm. Maybe all her stuff is stored somewhere online? I guess that'd somewhat make sense.
Satoru: Anything stick out from her web browser's bookmarks and history?
Nanami: I'm looking through it right now, but I don't know what to tell you... Nothing out of the ordinary.
Nanami: The only sites in her history are portal sites and sites linked on those.
Satoru: ......
Nanami: Maybe she keeps all her personal stuff on her lab computer?
Nanami: I guess it's the safter option. Sneaking into a dorm room isn't all that hard, after all.
Satoru: Wait, hold on.
Satoru: Can I, um... take a look at her browsing history from yesterday?
Nanami: Hm? Sure, here you go.
*She was right. The log only shows portal sites and news pages linked from there.*
*The page from yesterday is nowhere to be seen.*
Satoru: So while I was in her room hiding yesterday, Mayu-senpai was, um... looking at some sex advice website.
Nanami: What?
Satoru: I didn't actually SEE the website itself, but going off what she said... Yeah. It was definitely something not for kids.
Nanami: I-Is that why you were so reluctant to tell me what she was doing?
Satoru: Yeah...
*Of course, I left out quite a few details... but some things are better left unsaid.*
*Just the nature of the site itself should suffice for the point I'm trying to make.*
Nanami: So what that means is...
Satoru: Yeah...
Nanami: You were getting turned-on from watching Shikibe-senpai look at porn websites?!
Satoru: No!
Nanami: You were acting REAL weird over the voice comm yesterday!
Satoru: W-Well, duh! I was shocked when I realized what she was looking at! It threw me for a loop!
Nanami: It threw you for a loop? You must have some pretty unrealistic ideas about what girls do and don't do.
Satoru: What? G-Girls NORMALLY look at those sorts of websites in their free time?!
Satoru: Don't tell me that's something you do, Nanami?!
Nanami: W-We weren't talking about me! That's sexual harassment, Onii-chan! You pervy predator!
Satoru: What the heck?! You brought it up!
Nanami: Shh! Stop making a fuss or your neighbors are gonna hear us!
*I feel like SHE'S the one being fussy, but she has a point, so I quiet down.*
*As does Nanami.*
Nanami: So there's a possibility she deleted her history from yesterday.
Satoru: Yeah, probably after I left. Which would be after she returned from her bath...
Nanami: And you're sure she didn't notice you when you were in her room?
Satoru: ......
*Considering what happened yesterday while I was in there, I would say that's HIGHLY unlikely.*
*There's a possibility that she knew I was there and only masturbated for the purpose of catching me off-guard...*
*But I wouldn't be here right now if that were the case.*
Satoru: I'm... 99\% sure.
*I can't claim 100\% confidence, which frustrates me to an extent.*
*I really should've paid her a visit today instead of whining to myself about how embarrassing it'd be...*
*It's too late for that, though.*
Nanami: Yeah, I doubt she did. Hrmm... I guess it's just coincidence, then.
Satoru: Either way, we don't know anything for certain so we can only make assumptions.
Nanami: I can search for traces of any deleted data... but don't expect anything to come of it.
Satoru: I was hoping this plan would net us some sort of lead, but damn, we really got nothing.
Nanami: And it took two days worth of work and planning too...
*It is unfortunate...*
*But honestly, I'm a bit relieved.*
*I was a bit apprehensive about this plan from the start. It just didn't feel right to invade her privacy like that.*
*Well... I guess I ended up witnessing something extremely private regardless.*
Nanami: Well, that's that. It sucks that we didn't get anything, but what can you do?
Nanami: Looks like we're just gonna have to hack the lab computer. Which means it's up to you to distract her again, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Yeah...
*I guess that means another shoulder massage...*
Satoru: ......
*I-I'm not thinking dirty thoughts, I swear.*
*But... what if something like yesterday DOES happen?*
Nanami: Are you thinking about something pervy right now, by any chance?
Satoru: A-Absolutely not!
*I can vehemently deny it all I want.*
*But it's high time I come clean to myself. I can't turn a blind eye to these feelings any longer.*
*I'm attracted to her as a woman.*
*I'm sexually attracted to her...*
================================================================================
*I fucked up. BIG time.*
*Time to say goodbye to my life as a student of this school.*
*Who knows what'll happen to me after the security guards come and get me...*
*But one thing's for certain... Everything has been ruined.*
*My mission.*
*And my life too...*
Satoru: ......
*At least... that's what I was expecting to happen.*
Ayase: What's with Arihara-kun today?
Hazuki: Ah, he's been in that state since morning. He seems a bit... dazed, for some reason.
Satoru: O-Oh, er, sorry...
Kyouhei: Oh, I what's got you like that. You're hungry, aren'tcha?
Kyouhei: Here, just 'cause I'm nice, I'll share my secret stash of snacks with you.
Hazuki: I-Is that not rather large for a mere snack?!
Kyouhei: Heh! You bet! And it doesn't just LOOK big either; just one of these babies contains over 1,500 calories.
Hazuki: That nearly amounts to the recommended calorie count for an ENTIRE DAY for the average girl!
Kyouhei: Yeah, and we're guys, so big deal. Here, eat up, Satoru.
Satoru: Ah... um...
Ayase: I don't recall you eating breakfast this morning, Arihara-kun.
Ayase: So I honestly think it would be in your best interest to take the snack from him and eat it.
Satoru: Yeah... I guess.
Satoru: Thanks, Kyouhei.
Kyouhei: No problem! Can't let a friend go starving. That's just not right.
*I take a bite out of the giant snack pastry he gave me.*
*It's the following day, so why has nothing happened to me yet?*
Satoru: (What is her game plan here?)
*Yesterday night, following my confrontation with Mayu-senpai...*
Mayu: ......
Satoru: So what are you going to do with me now?
Mayu: Hm, that's a good question...
Mayu: Hmm.
*She ponders for a brief moment, then looks back up at me.*
Mayu: For now, just leave and go back to your room. Okay?
Satoru: ......
*That was far from what I expected her to say.*
Satoru: Y-You're letting me go?!
Mayu: Just promise you won't steal anything.
Satoru: Th-That's just... I don't even know what to say, honestly...
*Needless to say, I was baffled. None of this made any sense to me whatsoever.*
*But... I had little choice but to comply.*
Mayu: Ah, sorry. I probably need to unfreeze you before you can actually leave, huh?
Satoru: What? N-No, wait, why are you--
Mayu: Not too loud. Someone else might hear you and come by. Do you want that?
Satoru: ......
Mayu: Or would you RATHER I called someone here?
Satoru: So if I give up and leave, you'll let me off the hook?
Mayu: Uh-huh.
Mayu: But I'd like to have a talk about this tomorrow. Is that alright?
Satoru: I... can't promise anything.
Mayu: Right. Guess you gotta ask your boss first, huh.
Satoru: ......
Mayu: Alright. We'll see come tomorrow then.
Satoru: Yes. Um, goodbye then.
Mayu: Good night, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Ngh!
*I scurried out of there with my tail between my legs.*
*For some reason, she deliberately chose not to inform the security guards.*
*Nothing's happened to me since, so I can assume that to mean she hasn't informed the school either.*
Satoru: (That's what I was worried about most, to be honest.)
Satoru: (So I guess it's a good thing she hasn't, in a sense...)
*But why?*
*I'm still scratching my head in confusion. What reason would she have not to tell anyone?*
Ryuunosuke: "Hard to say."
*Even Dad is drawing blanks.*
Ryuunosuke: "But you SHOULD go talk to her about it."
Satoru: A-Are you sure?
Ryuunosuke: "Since she let you off the hook tonight, I highly doubt you're in any danger for the time being."
Ryuunosuke: "If she was gonna report you, she would've done it then. For all she knows, you could've just left the school after that and fled."
Satoru: I... suppose.
*So why would she let me go despite that?*
Satoru: (Is it because she trusts me?)
*No, that can't be. Not after last night.*
*She knows I've been hiding a multitude of things from her.*
*And in her mind, that was probably the only reason I was hanging around her...*
Satoru: Ngh!
*It hurts, but I can't deny anything.*
*I can't... but maybe I CAN do something.*
Ryuunosuke: "Let me ask you."
Ryuunosuke: "Do you WANT to talk with her?"
Satoru: Huh? I mean...
Ryuunosuke: "Yes or no."
Satoru: Yes... I want to, if I can.
*Not to try and make excuses.*
*I'm fully aware that my actions can't be excused.*
*But I had my reasons.*
*She's a researcher for the school, and I'm an undercover agent for the SFD.*
*And there's nothing that will change that fact.*
*Still, though...*
Satoru: (She wants to talk to me.)
*And so do I.*
*I want to know WHY she did this. I want to know what she's thinking.*
Ryuunosuke: "Alright."
Ryuunosuke: "Well, that was probably her expectation."
Satoru: What do you mean?
Ryuunosuke: "She strongly believes that you'll come talk to her tomorrow."
Satoru: ......
Ryuunosuke: "Needless to say, her faith is based on various calculations and considerations."
Ryuunosuke: "But, at the very least, she doesn't believe that you'll be fleeing tonight."
Ryuunosuke: "On the other hand, you COULD'VE escaped, but didn't. That works in your favor, in a sense."
Satoru: Ah...
*He has a point.*
*This talk won't work unless we allow a night to go by.*
*Essentially...*
Ryuunosuke: "She gave you an opportunity to escape, but you didn't take it. Essentially, this will put you on even footing."
Ryuunosuke: "Her proposition was said with the intent of creating this scenario... and she likely expected us to notice."
Satoru: She really is sharp.
Ryuunosuke: "Anyhow, you'll just have to go and confront her tomorrow."
Ryuunosuke: "As for what happens to you from that point on, well... I guess that depends on how things go between you and her."
Ryuunosuke: "I'll go ahead and make arrangements for your escape, if it comes to it, but see if you can talk your way out of it anyways."
Satoru: ......
*I swallowed the last bite of the pastry.*
*Yeah. I can't make assumptions until I talk to her.*
*And if there's no risk to doing that...*
Satoru: (Alright.)
*I make up my mind and start composing a text message.*
Satoru: I think this is it?
*I head out to the courtyard come lunch break.*
*This is where Mayu-senpai said to meet her in the reply she sent me.*
*There's a bench a bit ahead where I spot a couple of students.*
Satoru: (A place where we can be SEEN, but not overheard...)
*Her lab would have been the best choice for a private conversation, naturally.*
*But the reason she decided against that was likely because she didn't want to a vis-a-vis with me in a closed room.*
*Opting for a public location was an act of prudence on her part. To her, I'm someone to be wary of...*
Satoru: ......
Mayu: Oh, you're here early.
Satoru: Hngh!
*Upon hearing her voice behind me, I tighten my lips to mask my emotions.*
Mayu: Thanks for coming. Sorry there aren't any places to sit.
Satoru: It's okay.
Satoru: You made the right decision. We're not here to sit down and relax, after all...
Mayu: Yeah.
Mayu: It's unfortunate, but our days of being kids at Fuuran are over.
Mayu: I'm a researcher here, and you're, let me guess... probably an industry spy for some company.
Satoru: Sorry, but I can't answer that.
Mayu: Alright. Well, I just thought I'd go ahead and notify you that I changed the authentication key.
Mayu: You won't be able to sneak in my lab or the research center using the signature of mine you currently have.
*So that's what tipped her off...*
*She probably saw a log at the research center that occurred at a time she knew she wasn't there.*
*She might even have info on all the infiltration attempts we made using the keycard infused with her signature.*
Satoru: (But I doubt she's realized we sneaked into her room.)
Satoru: (Her deleting the data off her computer was probably just a precautionary measure...)
*Thank goodness she didn't realize I was watching that time...*
Satoru: Urk.
*S-Stop, Satoru! This isn't the time to be remembering that!*
Mayu: I know you can't tell me much, but please try to understand, I'm in a position with responsibilities to fulfill.
Satoru: Huh? O-Oh, yeah...
Mayu: I'm honestly annoyed at myself for my lack of awareness. I should've known better than to let something like this happen.
Mayu: I never expected a spy would be someone your age...
Mayu: I also didn't account for the fact that I'm a much easier target than any of the full-time researchers.
Mayu: You really threw me for a loop yesterday, and I mean it.
Satoru: Yet you let me go without reporting anything to the school.
Mayu: That I did.
Satoru: Is that something you can just decide not to do?
Mayu: Oh, you're worried about me?
Satoru: N-No, that's not what I meant.
Satoru: All I want to know is why you let me go... and why you called me out here today.
Mayu: Well, I already know that you have no other information sources.
Mayu: Otherwise, you wouldn't have tried to do what you did.
Satoru: Are you sure about that?
Mayu: Sure, I'll gladly entertain you. So allow me to explain a little more directly...
Mayu: You used optical camouflage yesterday.
Satoru: Hm?
*This isn't what I expected.*
Mayu: From what I could tell, that camouflage wasn't a product of simple engineering.
Mayu: While the switch to turn it on and off might be, it responded to my ability in a very distinct way.
Mayu: It can only be some sort of astral ability.
Satoru: I'll leave the answer up to your imagination.
Mayu: Okay, I'll continue with my conjecture then. While it was clearly an effect produced via an astral ability, it wasn't produced via YOUR OWN ability.
Satoru: ......
Mayu: Whatever your ability is, it clearly belongs to the category of bodily enhancement abilities, considering I was able to hang off your arm.
Mayu: So we've concluded that the camouflage was not related to your ability. However, I know for a fact that you were the only person in that room.
Mayu: Which leads me to believe that whatever organization you work for has some sort of technology that can "copy" a person's ability.
Mayu: If I had to take a stab, I'd say it's some sort of material that memorizes astrons.
Mayu: It's definitely nothing BIG; probably some type of fiber material. Otherwise, how would you be able to equip it into a uniform...
*I can't believe she made all those deductions just from yesterday's incident.*
*I'm reminded of just how fearsome her intellectual prowess is.*
Mayu: I'm assuming Nanami-chan is probably a secret agent too.
Mayu: And she copied my astral signature that time when we were in the bath together and she was touching me rather suspiciously.
Mayu: Actually, to be more precise, it was probably something that was already on me, and she was only retrieving it.
Mayu: So, how close am I?
*I raise both hands in defeat.*
*Misleading her is pointless at this stage. She's already basically arrived at the truth on her own.*
Satoru: You're right. Nanami and I came to this school as part of an undercover operation.
Mayu: What was the mystery material you used to copy my astral signature?
Satoru: Our name for it is "memory fiber."
Satoru: The effects are exactly as you detailed.
Mayu: Wow. You're being awfully cooperative all of the sudden.
Satoru: I don't intend to tell you everything, but staying quiet wouldn't be a good look, seeing as how you've basically figured out most everything.
Mayu: Good. I'm glad all my conjectures were right.
Satoru: That's... not a good thing, at all.
Mayu: *giggle* Yeah, I suppose. There's not much that's "good" about any of this situation.
Satoru: I'll get right to it.
Satoru: What exactly do you want from me?
Mayu: Mhm.
*She's the very image of calm and collected.*
*She brushes her hair back, then looks me in the eye with a slight grin.*
Mayu: How about we strike a deal?
Satoru: What?
Mayu: I'll stay quiet about you and your mission.
Mayu: In exchange, I want you to provide me with some of that memory fiber.
Satoru: ......
*So THAT was her plan!*
Ryuunosuke: "And what'd you answer?"
Satoru: I asked her to give me some time to consider it...
Satoru: Still, though, we obviously can't give it to her, right?
Ryuunosuke: "Not as things currently stand. It's too risky."
Ryuunosuke: "On the other hand, though, we at least know now that she sees our memory fiber as extremely valuable."
*There's no doubting that.*
*At the very least, she wants it to the extent that she's willing to forgo her own responsibilities and keep my identity a secret for it.*
*Otherwise, she wouldn't have proposed that deal.*
Ryuunosuke: "Her proposal is actually beneficial to us."
Satoru: So... what do you want me to do?
Ryuunosuke: "Keep at it."
Satoru: What?
Ryuunosuke: "Look. She's fully aware that if we bust out and run, the deal is over."
Ryuunosuke: "But she made the proposal anyhow. So that must mean she's desperate for the memory fiber."
Ryuunosuke: "I'm assuming she's keeping quiet primarily because of the potential ramifications for her if the school figures out her identity was stolen."
Ryuunosuke: "It was a huge misstep on her part. She'll have to take responsibility in some way, and maybe, at worst, she'll lose her position."
Ryuunosuke: "Needless to say, that is something she'd rather not have to deal with."
Satoru: ......
*All of a sudden, I'm reminded of something.*
*She's repeating school years to accomplish this "goal" of hers.*
*Which could be related to what I saw the other day...*
Satoru: (A goal... that's something I don't have.)
Ryuunosuke: "It goes without saying, but we'd like you two to stay at this school for as long as the mission demands."
Ryuunosuke: "In this situation, though, we're the ones with the upper hand."
Ryuunosuke: "That's why I want you to negotiate the terms as much as you can; either work out a deal that's in our favor or obtain more information. Think you can do that?"
Satoru: You want me to negotiate?
Ryuunosuke: "Well, we can't hand over our memory fiber to just anyone. But if you tell her that, she'll back out, which puts you in an unfavorable place."
Ryuunosuke: "We need to utilize everything we have in our arsenal. I'm counting on you."
*Urgh... Another unreasonably difficult mission!*
================================================================================
Satoru: ......
Kyouhei: Are you gonna eat, Satoru?
Satoru: Ah, yeah, sorry... Spaced out for a bit there...
Chisaki: *giggle* Getting a little impatient waiting for her, aren'tcha?
Hazuki: S-Stop that! You aren't supposed to mention those sort of things outright in front of the person!
Chisaki: Oh, sorry. They've been hitting it off so well recently I kinda did it without thinking...
Chisaki: But isn't that what's going on, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: Who knows...
Nanami: I just wish he'd make up his mind and spill the beans...
Hazuki: Is that truly the appropriate phrase to use in a situation such as this?
Nanami: Oh, er... Well, moving on.
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Arihara-kun.
Satoru: Hm?
Ayase: You're not sticking your head into something you shouldn't be again, are you?
Ayase: Y'know, just like... how you did with me.
Satoru: Oh, it's been a while since I heard the "real" Mitsukasa-san.
Ayase: That is not what we were talking about!
Ayase: You told me you wouldn't leave school abruptly 'cause it'd seem weird since you just transferred in...
Ayase: But are you sure whatever organization you work for doesn't have other plans?
Ayase: And that's why Shikibe-senpai...
Satoru: Honestly, I wish that were the case.
Ayase: Huh?
Kyouhei: Oh, look, Satoru. Shikibe-senpai's here.
Satoru: Ngh!
*I look in her direction as I feel my heartbeat rising.*
Mayu: Ah...
Mayu: ......
*She quickly averts her gaze the moment our eyes met.*
*But after a second or two, she appears to have made up her mind and walks towards me.*
Mayu: G-Good morning.
Satoru: Hey...
Mayu: ......
Satoru: ......
Chisaki: Hmm?
Chisaki: Aren't you gonna sit down and join us, Shikibe-senpai?
Mayu: Huh? O-Oh, yeah, sorry...
Mayu: I-It looks like there's only one open seat.
Hazuki: Yes, we left open a spot next to Arihara-kun for you.
Mayu: O-Oh, umm... thanks...
*She awkwardly sits down in the chair next to me.*
*Her eyes are still focused straight forward.*
*But that wasn't something I could point out to her.*
*Doing so would almost be implying that I want her to look at me, which is quite embarrassing.*
*So the two of us just sit there in awkward silence.*
Hazuki: ......
Hazuki: Wh-What is this?
Ayase: I'm not sure...
Nanami: *sigh*
*What is this, she said.*
*I know perfectly well what's going on here.*
Satoru: (I see her in a different way than I see other girls.)
Satoru: (I'm attracted to her... and not just sexually...)
Satoru: (This is the first time I've ever actually... fallen in love.)
*And that's why.*
*That's the source of this aching, this anxiety. *
Satoru: ......
Kyouhei: Hm? What's up, Satoru?
Satoru: Nothing...
*I know I'm hiding less from her than I am from my other friends...*
*But there are still a number of secrets I'm keeping from her.*
*I have no choice, though. I can't reveal anything pertaining to my position or the organization I belong to.*
*It's the same situation I was, and still am in, with Mitsukasa-san.*
*In a sense, actually, it might be even worse.*
*Since I need to negotiate conditions in our favor...*
*It's crucial that I avoid revealing any information, no matter how tiny.*
*I'm fully aware of that, but it's hard...*
Satoru: (I just want to tell her everything, now...)
Satoru: (No more hiding things. I don't want either of us keeping any more secrets from one another...)
Satoru: (I want to be someone special to her...)
*That's the source of my agony.*
*Doing that would essentially mean casting aside my job and my life.*
*Where would I go if that happened?*
*I willingly chose to enter this line of work. As an Astral, I wanted to be of use to society in some way. So I can't just... give it all up.*
*But at the rate things are going, I might end up making that decision...*
Satoru: Kgh!
*I grit my teeth.*
*Come on, Satoru. Don't let your emotions get the best of you.*
Satoru: (I have to keep myself under control... or else I'll end up making a terrible mistake...)
*It's a tough choice to make, but it's one I have to.*
Mayu: Huh?
*Come lunch time, I make my way to Mayu-senpai's lab.*
*I meet her face-to-face and tell her my intentions.*
Mayu: You're ending negotiations? What do you mean?
Satoru: Exactly that.
Satoru: I can't keep this facade up anymore, so I'm withdrawing.
Mayu: ......
Mayu: B-But still, are you sure that's the right choice? Can you just do that?
Mayu: I know I have no right to tell you what to do, but what about your boss?
Satoru: This was an independent decision on my part.
Mayu: ......
*I haven't told Dad nor Nanami about this.*
*Not that I don't already know what their responses would be. They'd scoff at the idea, telling me I'm out of my mind.*
*At the present moment, Mayu-senpai is the only thread we have to any leads.*
*If negotiations fall through, the school will probably be notified about us, and we won't be able to stay here and continue our mission any longer.*
*It's a decision that would cost us everything.*
*And... I just went through with it.*
Satoru: Feel free to inform the school about us and take whatever other actions you feel to be necessary.
Satoru: I'm prepared to leave this school... or worst case scenario, be arrested...
Satoru: I just can't continue with this nonsense any longer.
*I'm putting my position as an agent of the SFD in jeopardy by doing this.*
*But... I need to distance myself from her at all costs--even if it means botching the mission.*
Satoru: (I know it's going to be painful...)
Satoru: (And I know I'm going to regret it later...)
*But I can't let my emotions control me.*
Mayu: ......
Mayu: Ngh!
Satoru: That's all I came here to say. I'm sorry.
Mayu: Ah...
*I turn away from her, casting aside all lingering feelings I have.*
*I walk steadily towards the doorway...*
Mayu: W-Wait!
Satoru: ......
*Right as I put my hand on the door handle, she screams out to halt me.*
*After a brief moment of deliberation--*
*I eventually turn towards her slowly.*
Mayu: Please... don't go...
*She hunches over a bit and looks me in the eyes with a pleading look.*
*My heart aches, and I can feel my chest tightening in agony.*
*But I can't give in to my emotions. I can't...*
Satoru: Sorry, but my decision is fi--
Mayu: I'll tell you everything!
Satoru: Wait--what?
Mayu: Just please, don't go.
Mayu: If you leave me, I... I don't know what I'll do!
Satoru: L-Look, though... I know it's not something I should be saying...
Satoru: But you aren't in a position where you can just... tell me everything.
Mayu: I don't care! I'm done having regrets!
Satoru: Ah--
*My breath gets caught in my throat for a second.*
*I remember her saying something similar to this before.*
*She doesn't want to repeat those mistakes ever again.*
*And those feelings probably stem from what happened between me and her in the past...*
Satoru: M-Mayu-senpai...
Mayu: I know I've told you this before.
Satoru: Ngh!
Mayu: There's a specific reason why I'm staying here at this school. I have a goal.
Satoru: (Huh?)
*My racing heart slightly calms.*
*This... isn't about me?*
Mayu: I absolutely must continue with the research I'm doing.
Mayu: That's why I didn't report you to the school.
Mayu: I'm sure you've already realized this... but if it comes to light that my computer was hacked, all the responsibility will fall on my shoulders.
Mayu: I could very well be stripped of my position as a researcher here... and that's something I can't let happen, no matter what...
Mayu: If I... If I failed this, I'd be breaking the promise I made to her...
Satoru: By her, you mean...
Satoru: The girl sleeping in that chamber in the research center?
*I finally touch upon the one thing I'd explicitly avoiding mentioning to her.*
Mayu: Yes...
*She didn't question why I knew...*
*She probably learned from examining the logs that I was watching at that time when she went in there.*
*Instead, all she does is weakly nod while biting her lips.*
Mayu: She's my only...
Mayu: *sniffle*
Satoru: M-Mayu-senpai, are you okay?!
*Just as I was beginning to regain my composure, my head instantly starts boiling again and my heart rate skyrockets.*
*Her shoulders are shaking. She's sobbing...*
*She seems so sad and distraught that it pains me to look at...*
*I can't stop myself.*
Satoru: Mayu-senpai!
Mayu: Ah...
*Before I knew it, I'd drawn her into a hug.*
*She looks up at me with dampened eyes as the tears spill onto my arms.*
*My chest tightens... strongly.*
Mayu: Satoru-kun... I'm sorry...
Satoru: It's fine, I'm here for you. I'm listening.
Mayu: Thank you... sorry... I just...
Satoru: She must really be someone special to you...
Mayu: Yeah... She's...
Mayu: She's been there for two whole years like that...
Mayu: It's my fault she was forced into that state...
Satoru: It was your fault?
Mayu: That's why I've resolved myself to do whatever it takes so she can open her eyes again.
Mayu: And I need to make progress on my research for that to happen...
Mayu: For my best friend's sake... my one and only friend...
Mayu: Kotori...
Satoru: Mayu-senpai...
*All I can do is wrap my arms around her shoulders and allow her to cry.*
*Even though it doesn't concern our past... I still want to listen to her story.*
*I'm done having regrets.*
*That's probably what this means.*
*If I go through with this and leave Mayu-senpai, I'll deeply regret it, I know.*
*Now that I've noticed these feelings... I can't stop myself anymore.*
Satoru: Can you tell me everything?
*I was seconds away from making the bitter decision to end negotiations.*
*But that's no longer a choice I'm capable of making.*
*These feelings can't be stifled...*
Mayu: This was a little after when you left Fuuran.
*After school, I headed straight to Mayu-senpai's room.*
*She said she would tell me everything here.*
*She plopped down on her bed and began talking, clutching a cushion to her chest.*
*Her expression is still tinged with sadness.*
*She looks like the very picture of some poor little girl, struck by sorrow. There isn't a trace of the normal Shikibe Mayu anywhere.*
Satoru: Mhm...
*I give a soft response to let her know I'm listening.*
*This is what I need to do for her. Running away is no longer an option.*
Mayu: I met her at the school I enrolled in afterwards.
Mayu: Everyone there knew her, mostly because she was the only Astral...
Satoru: The only one?
Mayu: Yep. I was still in the closet about being one at that time, you see...
Mayu: I felt so awful after they picked you up and took you away... but I was still just too scared...
Satoru: That's completely understandable.
Mayu: Thanks... I told myself the same thing.
Mayu: But that girl, she was an Astral just like me, but she acted so normal and unconcerned about it...
Mayu: Even without knowing her personally, I could tell that she was a very strong-willed person...
Mayu: But I wasn't. I was weak and cowardly. That's why I couldn't tell people the truth...
Satoru: But... you eventually told her, I assume?
*She said they were best friends, so that must've been the case.*
*She must've eventually overcame that fear.*
Mayu: Nope, that's not how it went down.
Satoru: Huh?
Mayu: She noticed I'd been looking at her, came up to me one day, and asked if I was Astral like she was.
Satoru: Oh, okay. So then you told her?
Mayu: Not quite. I said I wasn't when she asked.
Satoru: B-But why?
Mayu: If I did, I'd be put under the spotlight just like she was... I'd attract the entire school's attention...
Mayu: I was way too shy to handle that kind of attention like she could...
Mayu: But you'll never guess what happened next.
Satoru: I'm listening.
Mayu: Right after I said no... Kotori pulled me in and hugged me.
Mayu: She buried my face in her bosom... and whispered in my ear, "Don't worry. You're not alone."
Satoru: Wait a second...
*Isn't that the same thing she once did to me?*
*Oh, I get it. That must be why she did it...*
Mayu: You have no idea how happy I felt...
*She wanted to do the same to me, in hopes that it would heal me the way it healed her.*
*That's just how life-changing that interaction was to Mayu-senpai.*
*I can just kind of tell without being told.*
Mayu: Kotori also told me something else.
Mayu: The reason she came up and talked to me was because she'd made up her mind, and she was "done having regrets."
Satoru: ......
*The same thing Mayu-senpai had just said to me.*
*It all comes back to this friend of hers, Kotori-san.*
*I can tell that she's a very important presence in Mayu-senpai's life...*
Satoru: (I'm kinda jealous...)
Satoru: (......)
*O-Okay, let's put that aside for now.*
Mayu: I felt SO much better after talking to her.
Mayu: Following that, she and I became really good friends... and after a while, I was able to come out and say that I was an Astral.
Mayu: Then when it came time for us to graduate, Kotori asked me if I wanted to go to this place called Kikka Academy with her.
Mayu: She said it was a school her dad had founded specifically to help Astrals and give them a home...
Satoru: Wait.
*Her dad founded the school?*
*She's Principal Ise's daughter then...*
Mayu: I was so glad she'd wanted to go there with me. I really liked her, and wanted to keep going to school together.
Mayu: But the thing is, Kotori was an Astral like no other. Her potential was incredible. You could probably even call her a prodigy in that regard.
Mayu: Remember when I gave you that lecture about link values? I believe I said the average was 106, and the highest recorded value was 247.
Satoru: Y-Yeah, I remember.
Mayu: Kotori was that person with a 247 value.
Mayu: Not that link value necessarily correlates to output levels, but in her case, her output and control were phenomenal.
Satoru: So she really was someone amazing.
Mayu: Definitely!
*She has a bright smile on her face.*
*I can tell how much she loves this friend of hers, and how proud she is of her.*
Mayu: But me, on the other hand, I was purely average an Astral, with the only thing notable about me being my slightly peculiar ability...
Mayu: I had to find a way to keep up with Kotori.
Mayu: That's when I started really studying my butt off.
Satoru: Oh, yeah. I recall you saying you only started studying seriously after coming to Kikka.
*Back then, she mentioned she only did so because she had to... So this is what she really meant by that.*
*She was desperately trying not to lag behind because she wanted to stay here with her friend and continue going to school together...*
Mayu: Eventually, my efforts even caught the eyes of the researchers here.
Mayu: When Kotori heard that, she got all competitive and said she wouldn't lose to me... And from there, she made strides in improving her control.
Satoru: Sounds like you two complimented each other nicely.
*There's no mistaking that.*
*But from what I'm hearing... it sounds like her whole life basically revolved around this friend of hers, Kotori-san.*
Mayu: Yep... But it all came crumbling down when we entered our last year.
Satoru: I assume you mean the first time, so basically your third year?
Mayu: Mhm. It's been two whole years now.
Satoru: What happened two years--Ah, wait!
*Right as I'm on the verge of asking, I recall a conversation I had with Kyouhei.*
*It was on one of my first few days here, and he told me something very significant.*
Kyouhei: Are you familiar with the accident that happened here two years back?
Kyouhei: If you remember, it was the one where the crane toppled over and destroyed the building that they were still doing construction on.
Satoru: Don't tell me something happened to her during that accident...
Mayu: She and I made a promise.
Mayu: That one day, we would both work at the research center to pave way for a future where Astrals were accepted.
Mayu: One day, however... I was asked to help with an experiment they were doing...
Mayu: But I had no free time to do anything back then. I was studying every single hour of my free time...
Mayu: I kept thinking that if I didn't study more, I wouldn't be able to keep up with Kotori...
Mayu: So... I got her to do it instead for me...
Mayu: And then the incident happened.
Satoru: Sh-She got caught up in it?
*That would explain why she's in a coma...*
*And why she's been put in that capsule for two years... *
Mayu: No, not quite.
Satoru: What do you mean?
Mayu: The exact reason still remains unknown to this day... but while the experiment was being conducted, Kotori...
Mayu: She lost control of her ability and went into what we now call a "frenzied state."
Satoru: A what?
Mayu: In simple terms, it's a state caused when astron linking shoots above the normal threshold which results in an immense surge of energy.
Mayu: Kotori had the ability to control the atmosphere, so when that happened to her, this mini-hurricane formed out of nowhere...
Satoru: W-Wait, so that's what made the crane topple over?!
*She nods solemnly.*
*I never knew that was what really happened...*
Mayu: It caused not only massive damage to the surrounding area, but to Kotori herself.
Mayu: We quickly discovered that while in a frenzied state, the individual loses consciousness while their ability goes far beyond its normal capabilities and runs haywire...
Mayu: In a worst case scenario, there could be serious damage dealt to the area of the brain that controls astron linking.
Mayu: The researchers and guards present at the scene decided that they had to focus all their efforts on stopping her...
Mayu: But what that meant was that there was nobody dealing with the issue of the crane...
Satoru: And that's where Mitsukasa-san stepped in.
Satoru: What happened to Kotori-san ultimately?
Mayu: There were unfortunately some casualties, but they managed to put her to sleep through medicines.
Mayu: That was the only thing they could do... It was ultimately only a temporary solution; we hadn't found a way to cure the frenzied state she'd been put in.
Mayu: So from that point forward, Kotori has had to stay in a comatose state.
Satoru: B-But why?
Mayu: So long as we have no way to return her brain back to normal, the only thing we can do is forcibly prevent it from linking with astrons.
Mayu: And that's only possible by keeping her unconscious.
Mayu: We've kept her in that capsule, asleep, ever since.
Mayu: She can't be allowed to wake up until we manage to find a cure, or at the very least some way to suppress it...
*Given the complicated nature of the situation, I can see why they had to take such extreme measures...*
*And it's no wonder that the school's been hiding this.*
Satoru: Is anyone susceptible to this frenzied state or whatever?
*It's the natural thought process.*
*If it's something that everyone's at risk of... public disdain for Astrals will only grow.*
*Maybe that's what those attackers were after, ultimately?*
*No, I can think about that later. My number one priority right now is Mayu-senpai.*
Mayu: I don't know. I don't know how it happens or why.
*I just can't leave her alone after seeing how much pain this is causing her.*
Mayu: As far as I know, though, this hasn't happened to anyone other than Kotori.
Mayu: Honestly, it might have only happened because her powers were TOO strong...
Mayu: At any rate, nothing is for certain... save for one thing.
Satoru: Y-Yeah?
Mayu: If I hadn't asked Kotori to take my place that day... none of this would have ever happened.
Satoru: That's... You're just playing a game of what-ifs!
Mayu: Maybe so, but I'm convinced that things would've been different.
Mayu: I... promised her we'd both graduate, and become researchers together... We promised each other!
Mayu: It was my fault for being such a poor student... It was my fault for making her go there in my stead...
Mayu: That's why the onus is on me to fix this. I have to be the one to save Kotori!
Mayu: I've been trying so hard to find a way... so hard...
Mayu: But it's already been two years...
Satoru: Mayu-senpai...
*It's wholly illogical to think that way, but she knows that.*
*The regret she feels will overwhelm her if she doesn't tell herself she's responsible.*
*That's also why she's determined to never experience that sort of regret ever again...*
Mayu: ......
*She's prepared to sacrifice everything in order to find a cure and save her friend.*
*The strength of that wish is what's kept her going all this time... It's what caused her to delay her graduation and stay at this school for two extra years.*
Mayu: But that was when I found out about you... and the things you were hiding from me.
Satoru: ......
Mayu: The things you'd done weren't much of a concern to me, as much as the discovery of your optical camouflage.
Mayu: If I got my hands on a material capable of recording astron activity, that would be a monumental breakthrough for my research efforts.
Mayu: That was my immediate thought...
Satoru: So that's you wanted to negotiate for it?
Mayu: ......
Satoru: What's the matter?
Mayu: I'm sorry. In retrospect, I was totally trying to take advantage of you...
Satoru: You don't have to... apologize for that.
Mayu: I knew full well that you probably couldn't go against your superiors' orders...
Mayu: So I... figured I could take advantage of that, and coerce you into...
Satoru: I'm just as guilty of that as you are.
*I shake my head softly.*
Satoru: I was trying to take advantage of you to benefit my mission.
Mayu: Satoru-kun...
Satoru: You seemed trusting of me, and you were also a researcher here...
Satoru: So I kept using you, and your belongings, as a way to garner information... I know it's not something a simple apology will excuse.
Satoru: Each and every time I did it, I felt pangs of regret and guilt...
Mayu: ......
Satoru: But I want you to know something!
Mayu: Ngh!
*I grab her shoulders once more.*
*So soft... so frail.*
*I then look straight into her eyes.*
*She might only be focused on her best friend, not me...*
*But even so.*
Satoru: I'm done having regrets too.
Mayu: Sa... toru-kun?
*I'm able to empathize with her situation.*
*And being one of the only few that can...*
Satoru: I'm an agent of a secret government organization under the Intelligence Agency called the Special Forces Division.
Mayu: ......
Satoru: There's nothing I can do about the memory fiber in my position.
Satoru: I was told that they couldn't allow you to have it...
Mayu: S-Satoru-kun, wait, stop! You can't just tell me all of this!
Satoru: I'll smooth over it somehow.
Mayu: Ah...
Satoru: So could I ask you to give me a bit of time?
Satoru: Actually... I need to rephrase that.
*And be honest with myself.*
Satoru: I want to help you in your efforts.
Mayu: Ah... ah...
*I've made up my mind.*
Ryuunosuke: "You did WHAT now?!"
*Later that night, I reported everything to Dad, and as I expected, he's less than thrilled.*
Ryuunosuke: "Don't you dare try and tell me you aren't aware of the consequences that come with doing something like that."
Satoru: Yes, I am. I'm fully aware, and am ready to accept any sort of punishment for what I've done.
Satoru: Please allow me to help her!
Ryuunosuke: "Hmm..."
Ryuunosuke: "You haven't given her any of the memory fiber yet, have you?"
Satoru: N-No. I wouldn't dare do that without receiving permission...
Ryuunosuke: "Treading right on the damn line..."
Satoru: I'm still an agent of the SFD, when everything's said and done.
Satoru: But even so... I'm only human.
Ryuunosuke: ......
Satoru: So Chief--No, Dad! Please!
Satoru: I can't ignore my feelings! So please let me pursue what I think is the right thing to do!
Ryuunosuke: "Honesty ain't gonna score you any damn points with me."
Ryuunosuke: "If you'd at least gotten this Shikibe Mayu to fall for you and come to our side, there'd be no risk in giving her the memory fiber..."
Ryuunosuke: "We'd have a whole host of different options at our disposal in that scenario."
Satoru: I know, but this was the only way I felt I could express myself.
Ryuunosuke: "Tch. Let me tell you something. When you're being all straightforward and painfully honest like this?"
Ryuunosuke: "You make it damn near impossible for me to ignore those feelings of yours." 
Ryuunosuke: "And I have to admit it was probably a hard decision for you to abandon your duty and go against orders."
Satoru: Dad...
Ryuunosuke: "Let me confirm two more things. You're certain the crane accident two years ago was caused by that girl in the coma?"
Ryuunosuke: "Also that she is in fact the daughter of Kikka Academy's principal."
Satoru: That's what I've been told, yes.
Ryuunosuke: "As a matter of fact, Kikka Academy switched to its current management policy following that accident."
Ryuunosuke: "Before that, they were very closed-doors and kept the information that reached the public to a bare minimum, but afterwards, they actively engaged in public outreach."
Ryuunosuke: "They opened their school to Astrals from all over the world, and received many sponsors for their research."
Ryuunosuke: "I was always under the impression that the reason for this was Mitsukasa Ayase's enrollment in the school, as the famous hero from that incident."
Ryuunosuke: "But if the truth behind the scenes was what you said it was, then their policy change makes even more sense."
Satoru: So you think it was to hasten the discovery of a cure?
Ryuunosuke: "Yes, indeed. It was crucial that they do so before the existence of the phenomenon itself became public."
Ryuunosuke: "Also, regarding that..."
Ryuunosuke: "Are you sure that Ise Kotori is the only individual recorded to have experienced those symptoms?"
Satoru: Huh? Oh, yes. At the very least, Mayu-senpai didn't mention anyone else being afflicted...
Ryuunosuke: "......"
Satoru: Out of curiosity, do you think those attackers were tied to this in some way?
Ryuunosuke: "It's a distinct possibility."
Ryuunosuke: "But that's not something you need to worry about right now. You're not to tell Shikibe Mayu about it, either."
Satoru: O-Okay.
Ryuunosuke: "Well, at any rate--just give me some time to think everything over."
Satoru: D-Dad!
Ryuunosuke: "There are a whole number of things I want to say to you after what you just did. And you should be prepared to take responsibility for your actions at some point."
Ryuunosuke: "But I just can't ignore my son after he's told me he's finally fallen in love with a girl!"
Satoru: Huh? W-Wait, I never said I--!
Ryuunosuke: "Oh, come on. Who's the one who said he wasn't going to lie to himself anymore?"
Ryuunosuke: "You pleaded and begged me, and now you're just gonna backtrack? Get real."
Satoru: ......
Ryuunosuke: "You love the girl, don't you?"
Satoru: I do.
*There's nothing else I can do.*
*I have to admit it.*
Satoru: I tried to deny it, telling myself it wouldn't work...
Satoru: But I couldn't. I just can't give up on her...
Ryuunosuke: "I'll admit I was kind of egging you on in the beginning... I didn't actually expect it to turn out this way, though..."
Ryuunosuke: "Sheesh. This is exactly why I can't say no to you."
Satoru: Thank you!
Ryuunosuke: "Hold off on your thanks for now. Let's wait and see first."
Ryuunosuke: "Well, that's your duty as SFD agent."
Satoru: Yes?
Ryuunosuke: "But as a man, you better follow your damn heart! Sheesh, don't make me say these things."
Ryuunosuke: "This is a first for me, y'know?! Put yourself in my shoes, why don't you! See you later."
Satoru: Haha...
*I let out a tiny laugh after the call ends.*
*My chest is burning and I feel elated.*
*I know he's no longer listening, but I feel obligated to do this anyways.*
Satoru: Thanks, Dad.
*I take a deep bow while facing my phone and express my gratitude.*
Nanami: ......
Satoru: Ah, sorry... You too, Nanami. Thanks.
*I had her come over first and explained it all to her before I called Dad.*
Nanami: Yeah, you're welcome.
Nanami: But this is only a one-sided crush as of now, right?
Satoru: Yes.
Nanami: Well, do me a favor and try not to get rejected after coming this far.
Satoru: I-I'll do what I can...
Nanami: Mhm...
Nanami: Your little sister's cheering for you, Onii-chan!
Satoru: You are?
Nanami: Y-Yeah, so just go spill the beans already.
Satoru: Spill the beans? Err, is that the right phrase?
Nanami: Ahhh, stop asking questions! Gosh, you're so dumb! I swear you're gonna get dumped 'cause you're like this!
Satoru: Wait, I really don't know what you want me to do!
================================================================================
*Alright. We've finally become a couple now.*
Mayu: U-Um, so I need to tell you something.
Mayu: I informed the school that I took you in as my... research assistant.
Satoru: Oh, really?
*But it seems like there'll be more to it than just that.*
Mayu: Oh, I of course hid all the stuff about you being a secret agent and giving me the memory fiber.
Satoru: Yeah, um, I appreciate but that and all...
Satoru: But tell me... why did you make me your assistant?
Mayu: W-Well, so about that.
Mayu: What exactly did you, umm... say about me when you reported this to your boss?
Satoru: Err... I said that you found out about us, but were willing to cooperate...
Satoru: Well, actually, I just confessed everything about me falling in love with you and whatnot. See, my boss just so happens to be my foster father.
Mayu: Ah!
Satoru: Sh-Should I not have?
Mayu: O-Oh, no, no, no! I'm glad you did! That means your dad approves of us.
Mayu: But... doesn't that kinda mean, like... you admitted to placing your personal feelings before the mission?
Satoru: Yeah... and I probably caused a ton of problems for my dad.
*While he did ultimately offer me his support, my actions threw everything out of whack.*
*Well, I'll just have to create results to convince him I made the right decision...*
Mayu: Thought so. I took that into consideration as well.
Satoru: How so?
Mayu: You can say that you worked your way into becoming my research assistant... which should probably help you out a lot.
Mayu: Like, for example, you'll be able to obtain information more easily... since you're a spy and all that, you know...
Satoru: Yeah... I suppose you have a point.
*It should help Dad as well, since he'll have something more to report than just that his subordinate hooked up with a girl on a mission.*
*I'm honestly surprised Mayu-senpai had the kind of foresight to think of this.*
Mayu: Y-Yeah, right?! *giggle* I'm so glad.
Satoru: But is that okay with you, Mayu-senpai?
Mayu: Huh?
Satoru: You'll essentially be leaking information to me deliberately...
Mayu: Well, I mean, I still can't tell you anything and everything.
Satoru: That's fine; I understand. You can't put your job in jeopardy.
Mayu: But, really, this is much better than having you sneak around behind my back.
Mayu: If I keep you close to me, I'll be able to keep proper tabs on you.
Mayu: If it comes down to it, I'll be able to ask you why you need certain information...
Satoru: So if I'm working with you, you'll be able to control the flow of information.
*It's a close-to-ideal solution that allows for both of us to keep our jobs.*
*At the very least, it's much better than trying to snoop around and outmaneuver the other.*
Satoru: You really thought this all out. Thanks, Mayu-senpai.
Mayu: M-Mhm. You're welcome... But the thing is.
Mayu: All those reasons are mostly just... excuses.
*She then blushes and starts twiddling her fingers.*
Satoru: What do you mean?
Mayu: W-Well, just think about it...
Mayu: If you're my assistant, I can spend all the time in the world with you... and nobody can question it.
Satoru: ......
Mayu: I-I know excuses like this just really kinda highlight my inexperience when it comes to relationships.
Mayu: But still, like... we're boyfriend and girlfriend now... right?
Mayu: And I mean, like, we've already kissed too! And you said you love--Ahhh, you said you love me!
Mayu: *sigh*... I really never expected to wind up dating a boy I knew from my orphanage days way back...
Mayu: But that definitely makes it feel more like destiny! Yeah! Like, we both grew up and reunited years down the road... but stood on opposing sides...
Mayu: Except that ended up being exactly what brought us together and... Ahhhh, I'm remembering it all again and now my face is getting really hot!
Satoru: Umm... Mayu-senpai?
Mayu: Yeah, what is it, Satoru-kun!
Mayu: Ah... was I getting a little too carried away? Is the sight of an older girl getting so excited and freaking out creepy to you?
Satoru: No, no, that's not what I was gonna say, so cheer up!
*Well, I'll admit it is a bit of a surprise...*
Satoru: It... it's starting to sink in more now... I guess.
Mayu: S-Sink in, as in?
Satoru: Like, the fact that we're a couple now...
Mayu: Ah...
Satoru: So, umm... allow me to say one thing.
Mayu: Y-Yes! Please go ahead!
Satoru: Seeing you all excited like a little kid is... really endearing, and it makes me happy.
Mayu: ......
Mayu: Ah...
Satoru: C-Come on, don't give me the silent treatment after that!
Mayu: Ahh! S-Sorry, I didn't mean to!
Mayu: Oh gosh what should I do the way you're blushing is so cute and I feel so giddy after hearing you say that to me while blushing ah this is what it's like to fall in love love is amazing so amazing ohmygosh ohmygosh!
Satoru: Sloooooow down!
Satoru: But I take it my comment pleased you?
Mayu: Y-Yeah. It's kinda weird to describe... it's like, my heart feels all warm and fuzzy, if that makes sense?
Satoru: O-Oh, um, really?
Mayu: Yes, um, really.
Mayu: H-Haha... Aren't we so awkward?
Satoru: Almost like we're in sync...
Satoru: B-But hey, I guess that's a good thing considering we're boyfriend and girlfriend...
Mayu: A-Another shot to the heart?! S-Satoru-kun, are you sure you've never dated a girl before?!
Satoru: Yes, I'm sure! This is all new for me too!
Satoru: And since I'm experiencing all these firsts... I can't hold back my happiness... which is why I have to think so hard about what to say...
Mayu: Y-Yeah... I know exactly what you mean...
Mayu: We both tend to really overthink things.
Satoru: Yeah... much more than we should.
Mayu: But hey, maybe that's why we got together... or...
Mayu: O-Oh, does this maybe mean we're, like... made for each other?!
Satoru: Sure.
Mayu: That was a quick answer!
Satoru: Well, I agreed.
Mayu: ......
Mayu: H-Hehe. Hehehe. Ahahaha!
Satoru: Haha!
Mayu: ......
*Most people would probably laugh at how this silly this conversation we're having is.*
*But that's perfectly normal.*
*We're a day-old couple, and neither of us have any prior experience whatsoever.*
*It's only natural we'd want to explore our feelings. Not just through our lips, but also with our words and through our actions.*
Mayu: Ahh... you know what?
Satoru: Wh-What?
Mayu: We're being... pretty silly right now, aren't we?
Satoru: I was actually thinking that exact same thing.
Mayu: ......
Satoru: But I'm really happy--
Mayu: I-I don't know why I'm so embarrassed! I mean, you've already seen me naked!
Satoru: D-Did you really have to bring that up?!
*I inadvertently shout out.*
*I mean, she has a point! We DID skip a lot of steps! But still!*
Satoru: (That's actually one of the reasons why I'm trying to keep myself calm and level-headed right now!)
*As I'm going through that inner turmoil, my eyes naturally become drawn to her breasts.*
*Agh, dammit, they're so perfect... And size isn't the only thing about them, either. They're perfectly shaped, and her nipples are also so pretty.*
Mayu: Ah! Erg...
Satoru: Ah... S-Sorry, my bad!
Mayu: O-Oh, no, um, me too! I went too far!
Mayu: I was just trying to come off as mature and adult-like and I just really, really didn't need to and--!
Satoru: You really don't! Didn't you give up on that already?!
Mayu: I can't help it, alright?! I just randomly remembered the whole you seeing me naked incident again!
Mayu: You can't blame me for wanting to forget about all the embarrassment from that!
Satoru: Ugh... I-I can't disagree with that!
Satoru: Actually, um... I feel like I owe you an apology for that... I'm really sorry.
Mayu: Ah, er, i-it was both of our faults.
Satoru: But I was the one who saw you in compromising states, and it happened twice...
Mayu: Y-You don't have to remind me about that...
Satoru: D-Do you want me to get naked for you?
Mayu: Huh?
Satoru: E-Err, sorry! Forget I said that!
Mayu: Ah, no, wait, err! I wasn't thinking when I said that!
Mayu: It... does stroke my curiosity.
Satoru: This is not the time to go into researcher mode...
Mayu: R-Right. Just calm down, Mayu. Just calm down, calm down. We can't yet, no, no. I mean, only yesterday, we--
*Just as our conversation was about to go off the rails...*
Broadcast: The following students, please report to the principal's office at once.
Satoru: Hm?
Broadcast: Arihara Satoru, second year class A. And Shikibe Mayu, third year class A. Once again, please come to the principal's office at once.
Satoru: You think this is about... the assistant thing?
Mayu: Probably. Let's go find out.
Satoru: Alright...
*Being called to the principal's office...*
*I better take a few deep breaths.*
Atsunori: I wanted to inquire a bit about your request to take on Arihara-kun as your assistant.
*Upon our arrival, Principal Ise places some forms on his desk and addresses us.*
*It's been a while since I've seen him, but he still has that sharp air of austerity to him...*
Atsunori: First off, Shikibe-kun. Let me say that I understand the challenges that your research presents.
Atsunori: Hence, we understand why you might want to have an assistant.
Satoru: (Hmm, but this request is for the research side of things, not the school.)
Satoru: (Is the principal just responsible for processing these things?)
*Maybe he oversees everything involved with the school, including the research center?*
*If that's the case, I definitely need to be on-guard around him.*
Mayu: Your understanding is much appreciated.
Atsunori: But I do require an explanation.
Atsunori: We did a background check on your applicant, you see...
Satoru: Urk...
Atsunori: It appears that he once lived in the Fuuran Orphanage, same as you.
Atsunori: You're kindred spirits, in a sense. I assume your choice of him was based on ease of communication?
*He startled me for a second by mentioning the background check... but it seems I'm in the clear?*
Atsunori: However, objectively speaking, his academic performance is not particularly noteworthy.
Atsunori: You could easily find someone who would be a better fit, even if you plucked a student at random. Needless to say, I don't see him being able to keep up with you.
Atsunori: And likewise for his potential as an Astral. He hasn't the sort of outstanding ability that would cover for his lackluster grades.
*No... this is a different issue.*
Atsunori: Why him? I would like to hear a detailed reasoning behind your decision.
*In other words, he finds it suspect.*
*And he's right to feel that way. There are plenty of other students who would be a much better fit for the position of her research assistant.*
*I kind of regret not studying more and raising my grades now...*
*No, it's not like studying would do anything. I'm just not capable of reaching Mayu-senpai's level.*
Satoru: (Alright. So how's she going to handle this?)
Mayu: I'm sure you're especially concerned, considering you have a stake in my research as well.
Atsunori: Correct. If I don't receive a convincing explanation, I unfortunately will not be able to permit this.
*They're talking about Kotori-san.*
*Right, I forgot that she's the principal's daughter...*
*It's no surprise he's cautious given this involves research to find a cure for her...*
Atsunori: Furthermore, we've been plagued with frequent issues as of late.
Atsunori: There have been a number of people attempting to steal our research, both outsiders and those within the school.
Satoru: ......
Atsunori: It's a matter of trust, and I hope you see why my concern is warranted from a security perspective.
Atsunori: Likewise for you, Shikibe-kun. Now, if you don't mind, I'd like you to justify your decision to me.
*I don't want to believe it, but...*
*Does he actually have a hunch of what's going on?*
*That someone infiltrated the school and is trying to obtain information through Mayu-senpai...*
*So this is a bluff--no, it's a test. A test to see if we'll expose anything.*
*In that case, I need to make sure not to let anything slip about Kotori-san...*
Mayu: Of course. Well, I'm going to make this short and simple.
Mayu: He already knows about Kotori.
*What is she--?!*
*I can't keep the shock from showing on my expression, but Mayu-senpai, on the other hand...*
*She's the picture of composed.*
Atsunori: Explain.
Mayu: I told him about the situation with her.
Mayu: And he sympathized with me.
*No, this isn't quite what I thought.*
*She answers the principal with a prideful smile and a bit of a blush.*
Mayu: That's my reason for choosing him.
Atsunori: ......
*Principal Ise sinks into thought for a moment.*
Mayu: ......
*She looks at me with a smile, and I nod back.*
*Her answer cleverly tiptoed around the fact that I infiltrated the research center...*
Satoru: (But man... the look on her face when she told him was so adorable...)
*It fills me with an unbridled joy.*
Atsunori: Arihara-kun.
Satoru: Y-Yes, sir!
Atsunori: She isn't the only one who wants to save Kotori.
Atsunori: I also do. So... I appreciate your cooperation.
*He bows to me.*
Satoru: M-My honor, sir!
Atsunori: The research being done by Shikibe-kun is, without a doubt, something that directly impacts the future of all Astrals.
Atsunori: We want to create a world in which Astrals are accepted and treated as equals.
Atsunori: I humbly ask you to join us in our effort.
Satoru: ......
*I really didn't expect him to be the one pleading with me.*
*But... it makes sense. Kikka Academy was established with this goal in mind.*
*From my position, he's the head honcho of an institute I'm infiltrating... in other words, the greatest impediment to my mission...*
Satoru: It would be my pleasure, sir.
*But in a sense, we both share the same goals.*
*I bow deeply as I reflect on this.*
Mayu: Alrighty! Now that we have the principal's approval, I can do this.
*The school day is over, and we're meeting up in the lab.*
Mayu: Glad to have you as my research assistant, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Me too. I'm ready to work hard to help you.
Mayu: Thanks. Let's find a way to save Kotori together.
Mayu: Ah... but are you alright with that as our primary goal? I mean, I'm sure you probably have other priorities for your mission.
Satoru: The only thing I've been tasked with doing at the moment is keeping track of what the memory fiber is being used for.
Satoru: Of course, now that I'm your assistant, I'm probably going to receive other orders...
Mayu: Well, you're MY assistant, so you'd better prioritize me, okay?
Satoru: So you baited me...
Mayu: Ah, um, by "assistant" I also mean "boyfriend"...
Satoru: I'm happy you think that way but that kinda complicates things for me!
Mayu: You said your dad's gonna keep all the stuff about Kotori and the control-loss a secret for now, right?
Satoru: Well, if he reports everything to his superiors, we'll probably be forced to start a full-scale operation from the looks of it.
Satoru: He's not too keen on clashing with the school head-on at the moment, though.
*That was one of the things he stressed when giving me permission to lend Mayu-senpai the memory fiber.*
Ryuunosuke: "We'll keep everything you just said between us for the time being."
Ryuunosuke: "Preventing this information from spreading will be in both parties' best interests."
*In other words, Dad trusts Mayu-senpai's judgment.*
*And that just happens to work in my favor too.*
Mayu: At the moment, huh... Here's hoping it stays that way.
Mayu: But if that's the case, then I guess I, um... get to have my boyfriend all to myself... right?
Satoru: Don't you remember what I said? I'm glad to help. I'm really looking forward to spending more time together.
Mayu: *giggle* Gosh, look at you blushing! You're just so cute!
Satoru: You should really stop trying to force yourself into this mold of "the older one"; it's not working.
Mayu: Urk. Look, okay... I'm just trying to make up for that embarrassing thing I said earlier...
Satoru: The thing about assistant meaning boyfriend?
Mayu: Aww, don't remind me! You're just making it ten times more embarrassing!
Satoru: Don't worry; you're incredibly adorable and charming even when you're embarrassed.
Mayu: ......
Satoru: Now we're fair.
Mayu: Hehe, hehehe... Oh, Satoru-kun, you.
Mayu: That's what I like about you.
Satoru: Urk.
Mayu: I'm so happy we can be open about our feelings for each other now...
Mayu: H-Heh! Now I'm ahead of you!
Satoru: I think your approaches are a LITTLE erratic!
*Her act is so different it's really throwing me off!*
Satoru: Well... whatever. If you want the win, you can take it.
Mayu: R-Really? *giggle*
*She's practically jumping for joy and it's so cute, so I have no qualms with conceding defeat.*
Satoru: So, um, if I'm going to be your research assistant, what do you want me doing?
Mayu: Oh, right. First, we'll need to analyze the memory fiber, so I'd appreciate your help with that.
Mayu: Since we obviously can't say you gave it to me, we'll need to make it seem like this is something I invented.
Satoru: Sure, that's probably a good idea...
Satoru: But if you don't mind, can I ask how exactly the memory fiber is going to aid in finding a cure to the control-loss?
Mayu: Oh, yeah. You probably won't understand anything too technical, so I'll try to explain it in layman's terms.
Satoru: Sorry about that...
*I really should've studied more...*
*Why did I waste all that time in the first place? If I knew it would've come to this...*
*No, it's not too late. I'll put it the effort from here on out.*
Mayu: Previously, we were trying to develop a drug that would suppress the frenzied state.
Mayu: We already knew that it was caused by an induced brain abnormality.
Mayu: So most of our researchers were in agreement that a drug was likely to be the most effective approach.
Satoru: But that didn't go anywhere, I'm assuming?
Mayu: Yep. And they struggled to come up with another solution.
Mayu: That's when it occurred to me--sorry for bringing it up again, but if you remember the day you got caught in my trap.
Satoru: Yeah, you deduced that I was using a material that could copy astral signatures.
Mayu: Right. And I considered the implications of the existence of a material with those properties.
Mayu: Since control-loss is a state that's essentially induced by causing the brain to "over-link" with astrons...
Mayu: If we could copy normal astrons, ones in a consistent non-frenzied state and range...
Satoru: What? U-Um, sorry, I'm kind of confused.
Mayu: Somewhat loose example, but you can imagine the control-loss state to be essentially like water in a pipe with pressure beyond what the pipe can handle.
Satoru: Ah. Wouldn't the pipe burst in that situation?
*It makes sense then that brain damage would be incurred if left alone.*
Mayu: Right. And the drug method would be like turning off the faucet.
Mayu: The induced comatose state we put Kotori in can be thought of as the same idea, but on a vaster scale.
Mayu: Imagine that as us forcing a shut-down of the entire piping area affected by the problem.
Satoru: Since you can't stop the faucet, your only option is to stop the piping system as a whole.
*And until they discover a solution for the broken faucet, they have to keep it shut down...*
*That means Kotori can only be awakened when they fix the faucet issue.*
Mayu: Yes! But I had a eureka moment and found something different!
Mayu: We don't have to restore the person's ability to "close" the faucet, we could just add an external faucet that serves the same function.
Mayu: In other words, we could administer--or I guess "apply" the state of "non-frenzied link value range."
Satoru: Ah, okay... You'd copy that onto the memory fiber, and when she wears it...
Mayu: Bingo. Even if she can't close her own faucet, she'd be safe so long as she had that.
*So, essentially, it works like a patch.*
*But instead of applying some change to the internal body, it alters the external air and moisture entering the body.*
Mayu: Well, there's still one big problem. Namely, that I still don't know how to copy this "non-frenzied state"...
Satoru: Yeah, that's definitely a problem.
*I still don't really understand this "non-frenzied state" myself.*
*I have no idea what it actually entails.*
*But I do know one thing...*
Mayu: Still, this is a huge lead for us.
Mayu: It's a glimmer of hope amid the darkness!
*She nods enthusiastically with a twinkle in her eye.*
*My job is simple. Trust her and give her all the support she needs.*
Mayu: Thank you so much. This is all because of you.
Satoru: It was pure happenstance. Thank me when I actually do my part.
Mayu: *giggle* Mhm. But still, I appreciate it.
Mayu: So, um... I-I was thinking...
Satoru: ......
*She turns red from ear to ear and starts fidgeting.*
*She keeps glancing at me, then looking away, then glancing at me again...*
Mayu: I was thinking of... thanking you...
Mayu: Ngh...
*What should I do? Do I approach her and take my "gift" myself?*
*No, she'd probably say that wouldn't count...*
Satoru: (Wait, I know I might be in over my head, but is Mayu-senpai... actually gonna give me a kiss?)
Mayu: ......
Satoru: ......
Satoru: A-Anyways, um!
Mayu: Y-Yes?!
Satoru: I'm looking forward to helping you with your research.
Mayu: R-Right... Right, yeah. Same here!
*We've already experienced it once.*
*We've already expressed our feelings to one another.*
*Yet somehow it's not so easy for us to just kiss...*
Satoru: (Man, this is so complicated...)
*Should I do it, or should I wait? My mind is a mess.*
*Well, whatever. Just one more thing I'll have to work on...*
================================================================================
*Well, in any case.*
*We're now officially working together and we've set our sights on our shared goal.*
Satoru: *munch*... Hm?
Satoru: I'll be back in a sec.
Kyouhei: Oh, okay.
Satoru: Morning, Mayu-senpai.
Mayu: Ah...
Mayu: *giggle* Good morning, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Not to be hasty or anything, but what are our plans today?
Mayu: I'd like to continue where we left off yesterday, so just come to my lab after school.
Mayu: Ah, but I need to attend my sixth period class and afternoon homeroom today.
Mayu: So, sorry, but could I ask you wait about, um, ten or so minutes before coming?
Satoru: How about I just come pick you up at your classroom?
Mayu: Huh? Y-You'd really do that?
Satoru: Well, remember, I'm not JUST your research assistant.
Mayu: Oh, S-Satoru-kun...
Mayu: C-Could we go with that then? I can wait for you there...
Satoru: Well, sure, but if it'd be too embarrassing for you, I don't have to...
Mayu: O-Oh no, please come! I want you to! I'd love to show you off to my classmates!
Mayu: Not that I actually ever would, though...
Satoru: Wanna join me for breakfast, then?
Mayu: Oh... C-Can I?
Satoru: Sure. We've eaten before, haven't we?
Mayu: W-Well, yeah, but things are kinda different now...
Mayu: It's a little... embarrassing.
Satoru: I left a spot open beside me.
Mayu: F-For me?
Satoru: Who else?
Mayu: Th-That makes me feel really, really happy... and now I'm definitely gonna come join you, but umm...
Mayu: If you left a spot open and come back with me... won't everyone kinda assume that... you know?
Satoru: ......
Mayu: Did you not think that far ahead?
Satoru: Sorry...
Satoru: Do you, um... wanna skip out on eating breakfast together today then?
Mayu: ......
Mayu: N-No, I'll go...
Satoru: Really? Sweet!
Mayu: Haha... Yeah, I kinda wanted to do something to make you happy anyways...
Mayu: A-And we can kinda use this as, like, practice for after school today.
Satoru: Yeah. If you wear this same expression when I come to get you, your classmates are definitely gonna get the hint.
Mayu: D-Do I look weird?
Satoru: Hardly. You look very charming.
Mayu: Ahh!
Satoru: I know I shouldn't be asking this after the fact, but, umm... if I step over my bounds, please let me know...
Satoru: I'm still figuring out these boundaries and whatnot...
Mayu: *giggle* Yeah, that's something we'll both need to work on.
Satoru: You said it.
Satoru: Do you guys mind if Mayu-senpai joins us?
Kyouhei: F-Fine by me.
Chisaki: Good morning, Shikibe-senapi! Glad to have ya with us! 
Mayu: Y-Yeah, good morning. Ahaha, sorry to bother you guys.
Ayase: I feel like that is our line...
Hazuki: W-Wait, we may very well be wrong. Take a closer look...
Mayu: Umm... Oh, whoops! I forgot to go get something to eat!
Satoru: Ah, that's my fault. We should've done that first.
Mayu: Oh no, don't worry about it. You're fine. I'll be right back then!
Satoru: Here, I'll come with--
Mayu: Oh no, please sit and wait!
Satoru: Sorry.
Hazuki: There appears to be an awkward sense of distance between the two of them...
Ayase: I agree.
Hazuki: Hrmm. What might be the cause?
Ayase: They started talking to each other again, so the normal conclusion would be that their relationship has progressed in some manner...
Ayase: Or actually, considering the fact that he's now her assistant, I would say there's little room for doubt...
Hazuki: Indeed... However, this is not quite the sort of progress that we had anticipated.
Hazuki: D-Do not mistake my words, though! I am not saying that I particularly want to observe a romantic relationship between two friends of mine up close and personal, because that is most assuredly not the case!
Ayase: Nothing seems to add up...
Ayase: You wouldn't happen to know what's going on between them, would you, Nanami-san?
Nanami: I'm going to have to decline to comment on this one.
*Well, our behaviors caused the girls to start whispering about us, and this continued all morning long...*
Satoru: Alright...
Kyouhei: Hey, Satoru. You hanging out with Shikibe-senpai again?
Satoru: Yep. I've got work to do now that I'm her assistant.
Satoru: Hey, Mayu-senpai. Ready to go?
Mayu: Ah!
Mayu: B-Bye, guys. And yes, he's my assistant. Yeah, my assistant...
*We meet up as soon as school ends, and spend our time together from there.*
Mayu: *sigh*. That was so nerve-wracking.
Satoru: Even more so for me. Since I know that by "assistant," you mean boyfriend, and you REALLY emphasized it...
Mayu: C-Come on, I had that same worry.
Satoru: But honestly, being your assistant is pretty great. It serves as a valid excuse for a whole bunch of different things.
Mayu: S-See? I made a genius decision.
*Well, in all honesty, I wish I could proudly proclaim that I'm her boyfriend instead of having to cover up by saying I'm her assistant...*
Satoru: (I actually kinda... wanna kiss her right now since we didn't get to see each other at all during lunch...)
Mayu: Ahaha. Shall we get started then?
Satoru: S-Sure.
*But I'm not sure if I should now. I still haven't figured out the proper timing for these things.*
*That confusion is the primary reason why we haven't kissed once since the day we confessed our feelings to each other.*
Mayu: ......
*And--on top of that, Mayu-senpai happens to be a surprisingly shy girl.*
*Being aware of this, I can't be aggressive with my actions.*
Mayu: Thanks for your help today.
Satoru: Thanks for having me. What do you say we head back and get dinner?
Mayu: O-Okay. It's perfectly natural for us to be walking back to the dorm together; we work with each other. Nothing weird about having dinner together either.
*Our lab work is now finished, which means it's time to head back to our dorm.*
*Most couples in a situation like this would walk shoulder-to-shoulder, maybe nuzzle up to each other a little.*
Mayu: ......
Satoru: ......
*How would she take that?*
*Ever since we became a couple, we've both become a lot more reserved and "cautious" towards one another, in a sense.*
*Well, I'm more than satisfied just being able to spend my days with her, so I won't complain...*
Ayase: I don't think you've ever told us why Arihara-kun is your assistant now.
Mayu: Huh?
*After returning to the dorm, we changed out of our uniforms, then met back up to eat dinner together.*
*As we were sitting there, Mitsukasa-san joined us and broke the ice with that question.*
Kyouhei: Oh, yeah. I've been wondering about that too.
Chisaki: No offense to him, but I feel like there are probably a whole bunch of people more qualified out there...
Hazuki: Not to mention that I feel that there is a certain other "role" that Arihara-kun ought to be filling aside from lab assistant...
Nanami: Welp, everyone's dying to know, Satoru-kun.
*And following Mitsukasa-san comes the rest of our friends.*
*They've all finished eating, but it seems they discussed the topic of what was going on between us during their meal.*
*Really, I'm not surprised that they're curious.*
Satoru: Do you wanna tell them, Mayu-senpai?
Mayu: Oh, um, so, it's kinda like...
Mayu: How to best explain this...
*As expected, she turns bright red and starts to panic and stutter.*
*She was upfront with her declaration to Principal Ise, but telling her friends seems to be a different matter entirely.*
Ayase: One moment... Arihara-kun.
Satoru: Hm?
Ayase: What the heck is this all about?
Satoru: What do you mean?
Ayase: Since you're her assistant, that means you know what she's researching. Am I right?
Satoru: I take it you know too then?
Ayase: Yes. It's crucially important research that I have a stake in.
Satoru: Yeah, it'll affect all of us Astrals.
Ayase: There's no way in heck some agent from an outside organization could get into the position you're in under normal circumstances.
Ayase: Did you earn her trust without telling her anything? Tell me; just what are you after with this?
Ayase: If I don't like the answer you give me... I'm prepared to take action.
Satoru: ......
*I can tell she's a lot more suspicious of me now than she was when I was protecting her...*
*But she said the research was important to her. And knowing the truth of the matter, it's easy to see why she would be wary.*
*I can't forget that she still knows very little about who I am.*
Satoru: (She probably won't back down unless I give her a convincing reason...)
Hazuki: Please tell us, Shikibe-senpai! We wish to know why Arihara-kun became your assistant.
Mayu: That's because, umm--nghhhh!
*None of them are going to back down, as a matter of fact...*
*I doubt Mayu-senpai's going to be able to do anything. The embarrassment seems to be doing a number on her already.*
Satoru: I personally requested it. I thought doing work like that with someone I'm close to might be fun.
Mayu: S-Satoru-kun?
*I've decided to step forward and bear the brunt of the shame.*
Hazuki: What do you mean by that, if you don't mind my asking?
Satoru: Of course, she ultimately accepted me because she saw potential in me.
Satoru: From what she told me, being able to study an ability like mine could prove invaluable for her research.
*This happens to be one of the excuses I'd thought up beforehand.*
*But I know it alone won't be enough to convince them.*
Satoru: But... the biggest reason is because...
Satoru: I'm in love with Mayu-senpai.
Mayu: Ahh!
*I boldly confess to them as I feel the blood rushing to my face.*
Ayase: S-Say what?
Satoru: I don't want to lie about it.
Ayase: ......
Satoru: So, well, I asked if I could help her. I'm not really proud to admit it, but that was my main reason... I just wanted to be with her.
Mayu: Oh, Satoru-kun!
Satoru: She was just very tolerant and forgiving of me.
Chisaki: Kyaah! Ohmigosh, ohmigosh! That means what I think it does!
Hazuki: She... reciprocated your feelings then! Is that true, Arihara-kun?! Did she?!
Satoru: I'm strictly her assistant.
Satoru: Well, that's basically the gist of it.
Ayase: ......
Satoru: She handled the whole situation like a seasoned adult, I must say.
Mayu: Ah, um...
Nanami: And as his sister, I swore to keep my lips sealed.
Ayase: So that's what happened.
Ayase: If that's the case, then you should be prepared to give 110\%, Arihara-kun.
Ayase: You'll need to prove yourself to her if you want her to one day return your feelings.
Satoru: Yeah, pretty much.
*I think she's accepted that my feelings are sincere...*
*I'm probably red as a beet right now, but I'm glad I was able to get this out of the way.*
Hazuki: A-Alright! You have our full, unwavering support, Arihara-kun! We will be cheering you on with everything we have!
Kyouhei: Wow, Shikibe-senpai seems so mature...
Chisaki: But hey! She made him his assistant, so that definitely means she sees him in a favorable light!
Mayu: W-Well, yeah. But I'm the adult here.
Mayu: I figured I ought to give my cute little junior a chance and think it over... yeah...
*It's looking like things are going to simmer down at this rate.*
Satoru: (Sorry for lying to them about everything, Mayu-senpai.)
*I make eye-contact with her now that she's finally regained her composure.*
Mayu: (Oh, you.)
*She concedes with a bit of a reluctant smile.*
Mayu: (You...)
*Her eyes grow a little watery, and she looks away from me.*
================================================================================
Satoru: Phew. Now what to do...
Kyouhei: Huh? You don't have work with Shikibe-senpai today?
Satoru: Nope. We figured we should take breaks every now and then.
Kyouhei: Really? You seemed super busy recently... Did you reach a milestone or something?
Satoru: Yep. Just waiting for a reply from the higher-ups now.
Kyouhei: Wanna hang out with me after this then?
Kyouhei: I found this sweet new buffet restaurant that I'm gonna check out.
Satoru: You're gonna go to a buffet right now? You're not gonna have any room for dinner, you know.
Kyouhei: I just want to check out their food, man. If it sucks, then there's no reason to keep eating.
Satoru: True... Sorry, I figured you just wanted to go there so you could stuff your face.
Kyouhei: Gosh, talk about rude. But eh, food quantity is a factor for me.
Kyouhei: Just come with me, Satoru. We'll be able to try more different stuff between the two of us.
Kyouhei: Oh, wait... I know you don't have any research work, but did you have other plans with Shikibe-senpai?
Satoru: I thought about doing something with her...
*It's what I should be doing, to be honest...*
Satoru: I actually want your advice on something.
Satoru: So yeah, let's go to that restaurant.
*We're now near the station. It's been a while since I've last been here.*
Satoru: You said it's a slight walk from here, right?
Kyouhei: Yeah. It's in a pretty weird area, but it's definitely a top-notch restaurant.
*After getting off the light rail, we begin walking side by side.*
Kyouhei: So what'd you want my advice on?
Satoru: At least wait till we get to the restaurant...
Kyouhei: Ahaha, sorry. I really wanted to ask you while we were on the train.
Kyouhei: You made it seem like a big deal, so I got pretty curious. It's gonna bug me until I know what's up.
Satoru: Eh, I guess I can understand that.
Kyouhei: Is it about Shikibe-senpai?
Satoru: Er, yeah.
Kyouhei: Dunno how it's actually like, but everything seems to be going well between y'all to me.
Kyouhei: Especially ever since she came out and told us that you were dating.
Kyouhei: It's kinda like, hmm... you're in your honeymoon period?
Satoru: That's... true, and something I'm glad about.
Kyouhei: I can see why. Your flirting's getting pretty intense.
Satoru: Sh-Should we tone it down a notch?
Kyouhei: I think it's fine. Expressing your love for one another's important.
Kyouhei: Much better than letting things go stale.
*He's surprisingly tolerant about everything...*
*Not just him, though. Everyone in our friend group congratulated us, and I couldn't be more thankful for that.*
Satoru: Thanks for being a pal. I just want to do this right...
Kyouhei: You say there's something bothering you, though?
Satoru: It's nothing too serious, really...
Satoru: I think things are going great between us.
Kyouhei: Cool, cool.
Kyouhei: I take it you've kissed already?
Satoru: H-How'd you know?!
Kyouhei: It's kinda obvious, considering how you act around us and how long you've been dating.
Satoru: D-Damn...
Kyouhei: Err... let me guess. You wanted to talk to me about a certain other thing that comes after kissing?
Satoru: Urk.
*I was hoping to casually work my way into it, but Kyouhei, but being the sharp son-of-a-bitch he is, dived straight to it.*
Kyouhei: I'm not really sure I wanna get into the nitty-gritty of that stuff, though.
Satoru: I'm not gonna ask you for sex advice!
Satoru: Not that I'd even know what to ask...
Kyouhei: Oh, so you haven't gotten to that point yet?
Satoru: It's embarrassing to come out and talk about it... but yeah, you're right.
Kyouhei: Isn't it just a matter of time, though? I mean, y'all are basically head over heels for each other.
Kyouhei: You DO want to have sex with her, don't you?
Satoru: Of course I do! I really want to take our relationship to the next level.
Satoru: But... it's not like anything else we've done so far. It's on a different tier entirely.
Kyouhei: So is she the one who's not ready for it?
Satoru: Err, I dunno if I'd say that's necessarily the issue...
Mayu: *kiss*... *pant*
Mayu: *giggle* We just can't stop making out with each other, can we?
Satoru: Yeah...
Mayu: And you hugged me so much...
Satoru: Of course. You're so beautiful, and you're so soft and smell so nice...
Mayu: *giggle* Thank you... Y-You're very handsome yourself, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: N-No, you're much more beautiful. Like, the face you make after we make out is... really erotic.
Mayu: O-Oh... I love the way your face turned while you tried so hard to say that...
Mayu: You're so cute when you do that, Satoru-kun...
*Progress is being made, but at the moment, we're mostly just waiting for Principal Ise's approval.*
*As such, the time we spend in this lab after school has mostly been used to kiss and make out.*
*It feels like every time I voice my love for her, her eyes tear up in anticipation... which makes our desires grow stronger.*
*So, naturally that leads to this...*
Mayu: O-Okay then, Satoru-kun. We should probably--
Satoru: ......
Mayu: Satoru-kun?
Satoru: M-Mayu-senpai! Um...
Mayu: Ah...
Satoru: ......
Mayu: R-Ready to leave?
Satoru: Yeah.
*That's how she always reacts when I make an attempt to bring up the topic of sex.*
*She seems to know that I'm trying to and consciously avoiding it.*
Satoru: Well, it definitely takes her time when it comes to things like this. I've already lost count of how many times she's reacted to me like that...
Kyouhei: Yeah, just look how long it took her to tell us y'all were dating.
Satoru: Right... Like, I thought she'd finally gotten over her nerves when it came to things like this...
Satoru: But I guess sex is just a whole other beast...
Kyouhei: Hrmm.
Satoru: Judging from experience, if I approach her more directly, I feel like the problem will just naturally solve itself...
Satoru: But... I'm still worried that sex might be taboo territory to Mayu-senpai...
*In large part because that incident where I peeped on her while she was masturbating.*
*Now that she knows I was watching, that's always going to be something that's on the back of her mind.*
*And then the time she fell on me, and I saw her naked...*
*For example, there was something in particular she said to me.*
Mayu: And being the adult, I felt like I had to, you know... study up on how to deal with advances from a boy...
Mayu: And then you had to see me doing that too! Gosh, it's so embarrassing I almost want to die!
*And then this.*
Mayu: I can't help it, alright?! I just randomly remembered the whole you seeing me naked incident again!
Mayu: You can't blame me for wanting to forget about all the embarrassment from that!
*The takeaway is this.*
*Her embarrassment and panic regarding those things was far greater than it was when it came to anything else.*
*Most of all, I know that Mayu-senpai isn't too comfortable with herself sexually...*
Satoru: Should I keep trying, or should I give her some distance?
Kyouhei: Do you wanna wait, though? I imagine that'd be hard on you.
Satoru: I mean, I'd rather do that than rush things and hurt her.
Kyouhei: Hmmm...
Kyouhei: I think it's good that you're thinking about this. That shows that you're a kindhearted person.
Kyouhei: And that's probably the part of you that Shikibe-senpai fell in love with.
Satoru: Y-Yeah, maybe.
Kyouhei: But, if you ask me, I also think you need to show your worth as a man in a situation like this.
Satoru: Huh?
Kyouhei: Shikibe-senpai's probably too scared to be the one to make the first move, yeah.
Kyouhei: But I think she's just waiting for you to take charge and do it.
Satoru: R-Really?
*At the very least, I know she's thinking of it.*
*But if those incidents are the reason for her nervousness...*
*Then relieving her of that is what I should do.*
*Just like I've always done.*
Satoru: (That's all there is to it. I've just been too scared...)
Satoru: (And that's why I haven't been able to take things forward.)
*Not that it needs reminding, but I have zero experience with women.*
*I've tried my best to make up for that... but sex is definitely a lot more complicated than just kissing, for example.*
*Needless to say, Mayu-senpai is a very attractive woman, both sexually and personality-wise.*
*Her face, her curves, her boobs...*
*I'm captivated by her beauty, but it also gives me pause.*
*Would a virgin like me really be capable of satisfying her in the bedroom?*
Satoru: (Well, I'm just gonna have to man up and try...)
*Kyouhei's right.*
Mayu: Phew. Alrighty...
Nanami: Oh, is that you, Shikibe-senpai?
Chisaki: I don't usually see you back this early.
Mayu: Oh, yeah. We decided to take the day off today.
Hazuki: Are you alone? I don't see Arihara-kun anywhere.
Hazuki: Which is a bit rare in and of itself...
Chisaki: Yeah, you said it. They've been stuck together like glue lately.
Nanami: You both have the day off and he takes off somewhere... What's he thinking?
Mayu: Ahh. Yeaaah, there's a reason for that.
Mayu: He's probably still thinking about what happened yesterday...
Chisaki: Well, if you're free, how would you like to join us?
Chisaki: My parents sent me some snacks and we were going to eat them together and hang out.
Mayu: Oh, cool. That sounds like fun.
Mayu: Don't mind if I do then!
Chisaki: Welcome, welcome! Feel free to have anything you'd like.
Nanami: This is a bit of an odd pairing we've got going on.
Hazuki: Especially how we have Shikibe-senpai with us but not Arihara-kun.
Mayu: Ahaha! Yeah, let's enjoy this little girls party!
Hazuki: Girls party! Ah, yes! Now that you mention it, we're having a girls-only gathering right now!
Hazuki: I never thought that I'd ever see the day when I could get the opportunity to participate in one...
Nanami: You've already been to numerous, you just never saw them as that.
Hazuki: T-True, and I am truly blessed for that! Girls-only... girls-only... hahaha...
Chisaki: It sucks Ayase-senpai couldn't be here with us.
Nanami: Well, she's busy all the time... I heard she's started taking interviews again.
Mayu: Whoa, Chisaki-chan. This is really good.
Chisaki: Really? Awesome! That's actually a local snack from my hometown.
Mayu: Oh, neat. So where is your--
Hazuki: Ah, right!
Mayu: Ahh?!
Mayu: Goodness, you nearly gave me a heart attack... Wh-What was that all about, Nijouin-san?
Hazuki: M-My apologies. I was just, well, wondering... if perhaps we could talk about something, since this is a girls-only gathering and whatnot...
Mayu: Talk about what?
Hazuki: H-How is your relationship with Arihara-kun progressing?
Mayu: Ah!
Hazuki: Especially with regards to, um... the sexual part of the relationship...
Hazuki: Wait! Do not misunderstand! Sexual topics are standard talk during girls-only gathering! Do not take this to mean that I have some keen personal interest hearing about this!
Nanami: Well, I guess girls do talk about sex sometimes when boys aren't around...
Chisaki: I'm actually really curious too! So tell us, how far have you two gone?
Chisaki: Oh, wait. This is your brother we're talking about here, Nanami-chan. Is this gonna gross you out or anything?
Nanami: D-Doesn't bother me. I don't care about him...
Hazuki: So we've been given the all-clear? Alright! Without further ado: wh-what say you to the question, Shikibe-senpai?!
Mayu: Ah, um, yeah... haha.
Mayu: H-He actually... came onto me yesterday.
All Three: *squeal*!
Mayu: B-But, as the older one, I handled it smoothly. When a cuter younger boy tries to do something like that, you just gotta be the one to take charge of the situation.
Chisaki: That's so cool!
Hazuki: Th-Then are you usually the one who, um... who takes the lead during it?
Mayu: Y-Yeah... I have my head in his... Ahem. I have his head buried in my bosom from start to finish.
Hazuki: Ohhh! So mature and adult-like!
Nanami: I always knew he loved big boobs...
Chisaki: You have pretty big boobs yourself, Nanami-chan.
Nanami: That doesn't matter right now!
Hazuki: I-Is the secret to your bedroom technique the way you sort of... gently guide and instruct him?!
Mayu: Yeah, I'd say that's it. I... just stay confident and relaxed...
Mayu: Confident and...
Hazuki: Hm? Sh-Shikibe-senpai?
Chisaki: Wh-What's the matter? You look like you're tearing up...
Mayu: I'm sorry! That was a lie! I have no confidence at all whatsoever!
All Three: ......
Mayu: He's always the one who hugs me to his chest and I'm too scared so we've never had sex a single time!
Hazuki: U-Umm, what?
Ayase: I-Is everything okay here?
Chisaki: A-Ayase-senpai!
Mayu: I know it's sad, but I have no confidence at all and I'm so scared that I won't be able to please Satoru-kun so I always reject his advances!
Mayu: That's exactly what happened yesterday... which is why I took the day off today...
Hazuki: I-I don't know that I can honestly believe that you have no confidence when you have such fabulously large breasts!
Ayase: ......
Ayase: Exactly! You speak from a position of privilege!
Nanami: Sit down!
Ayase: That was something that needed pointing out.
Nanami: Well, if you have time, feel free to stay... but why do you have such a serious look on your face?
Chisaki: You pretty much all have big tits when compared to me... So I don't think you're one to talk, Ayase-senpai.
Ayase: Excuse me. Please repeat that.
Nanami: Oh gosh, she's scaring me!
Ayase: But why, if I may ask, are you so lacking in confidence?
Mayu: U-Urgh, come on, look, alright... I'm three years older than him, plus my skin's nowhere near as smooth and supple as you all's...
Mayu: He's already seen me in various compromising situations, and it scares me to think about that happening again if we have sex...
Mayu: I've shamed myself beyond belief already, so if I... if I... I--!
Ayase: I-I was about to make some sort of complaint, but I understand all too well where you're coming from.
Hazuki: As do I... If I was in her shoes, I would surely be full of anxiety as well...
Hazuki: I'm in no way feminine compared to most other girls, and I simply don't know if a boy would be able to get over that...
Ayase: You have very beautiful breasts, though, Nijouin-san.
Chisaki: So are yours! Why are you so unsatisfied with your boobs?! I don't get it!
Nanami: L-Let's get off this topic, why don't we? I have a feeling I'm going to be the next target at the rate things are going...
Nanami: I'm surprised, though... I-I really didn't expect Shikibe-senpai to be this pure.
Chisaki: Yeah, me neither. She usually comes across as so mature and smart.
Hazuki: So this is what love can do to a person...
Ayase: I-I'm starting to feel like we need to help her.
Hazuki: Yes!
Nanami: Umm... D-Doesn't Satoru-kun ever tell you how pretty you are, Senpai?
Mayu: H-He does! He really does.
Mayu: He always tells me he loves... especially after we kiss; he never forgets...
Mayu: And when he hugs me, he tells me I'm beautiful, I'm sexy, I'm soft--even if he turns beet red while saying it!
Mayu: And oh my gosh, it's just the cutest thing ever! I can't get enough of it!
Mayu: When he does that, I nuzzle and rub my head on his chest, but then he pulls my chin up and kisses me again... Ahhh!
Nanami: I-I should not have asked that... She's just downright rubbing it in our faces at this point!
Mayu: Huh? What?
Chisaki: And without even realizing it either... Wow.
Hazuki: I-I must admit that it was a very adorable display... The rumor must be true that all women become beautiful when they fall in love!
Hazuki: B-But it sounds to me like you two are already very physically intimate with one another.
Ayase: Right... If you've gone that far, I feel like Arihara-kun would at least attempt to initiate sex once or twice.
Ayase: But you're saying he hasn't, not even once... Does this mean what I think it means?
Mayu: Wh-What do you think it means?
Ayase: Well--
Ayase: ......
Ayase: He's... a virgin.
Mayu: Huh? A-A what?
Ayase: Y-You know!
Ayase: S-Someone who has... never had sex before.
Nanami: Well, I'd say that's only natural. Shikibe-senpai is his first girlfriend, after all.
Nanami: If he knew how you felt, there's no way he'd just leave you to your own devices today.
Chisaki: From what I can tell, he definitely would've tried to have sex with you at this point if he weren't a virgin.
Mayu: Th-Then what should I do to solve this problem?!
Hazuki: I believe there is only one solution... You must be the one to come onto him!
Mayu: Ahh!
Hazuki: For example, you might say something like "I want you to make sweet love to me right now!" Wait! I'm not saying that that would be something I would say if I were in that situation!
Mayu: I have to be the one... to come onto him?
Ayase: I-I understand your fears.
Ayase: But if you want to make your relationship physical, then I would say that is your only option.
Mayu: Urgh...
Ayase: I suppose... you could possibly, for example, take measures to cover up what places you don't have confidence in...
Nanami: I mean, Shikibe-senpai, I'm pretty sure you've already done plenty things more bolder than this... like the time you made Satoru-kun your assistant...
Chisaki: And, honestly, with boobs as big as yours... it should be a piece of cake to get a guy in the mood for sex.
Mayu: Y-You... think so? Really?
Mayu: Then maybe I CAN do this! Kgh...
Kyouhei: Man, we barely made it in time for curfew.
Satoru: Because someone wouldn't stop ordering more food...
Kyouhei: But hey, it was good food! Let's definitely go try out their buffet next time.
*After nightly check-ins are over with, I finally get a chance to relax.*
Kyouhei: Alright, time for some food!
Satoru: How do you still have room in your stomach, man? I'm too stuffed to eat anything right now.
Kyouhei: Oh, so you're not gonna eat?
Satoru: Yeah. Trying to keep up with you was a mistake.
*Well, even if I was hungry--I'm dying to see Mayu-senpai.*
*She doesn't seem to be in the cafeteria, so she's probably done and back in her room right now.*
*Even though talking it through with Kyouhei inspired some confidence in me, I'm not going to try something right this minute.*
*We haven't seen each other since school ended, so as her boyfriend, I just want to spend some time together to make up for that.*
Satoru: Thanks for lending me an ear today, Kyouhei. I'm gonna head back to my room for the night.
Satoru: Okay, time to shoot her a text m--
Mayu: Ah...
*Speak of the devil. I run into Mayu-senpai just as I was thinking about texting her.*
*Her hair is wet and she's in her nightwear.*
Satoru: H-Hey there... You just get through with your bath?
Mayu: Y-Yeah...
*She wriggles around somewhat bashfully.*
*Since she just got out of the bath, her skin is tinged a slight red, giving all of her mannerisms this air of eroticism.*
Satoru: (This outfit she's wearing right now... is a lot more revealing than her school uniform...)
Satoru: (Her chest area in particular... Damn, I can actually see her cleavage line...)
Mayu: Mmgh...
Satoru: Ah... s-sorry!
*I quickly avert my eyes.*
*Crap... I really shouldn't have stared like that.*
Mayu: ......
Satoru: ......
*We both fall silent.*
Satoru: (Yeah... it's that same nervousness I talked to Kyouhei about...)
*The fact sinks in once again as I'm unable to properly say anything to her.*
*But still...*
Mayu: Nghh!
Satoru: (There's just... no two ways about it...)
*I want to make love to her.*
*Yet I still can't bring myself to do anything about it.*
*It feels like an area I can't, and mustn't, tread upon without taking the proper measures first.*
*She might aggressively reject me if I act haphazardly.*
*I might scar her if I force things too much.*
*But... I still can't deny my desire to have sex with her.*
Satoru: (If I truly do love her...)
*Then this is simply a hurdle I'll need to overcome.*
Satoru: Ngh!
Mayu,Satoru: Satoru-kun! / Senpai!
Mayu,Satoru: ......
Satoru: A-Ah, um... s-sorry, you first...
Mayu: N-No, go ahead.
*Dammit... that really threw me off, and now it's gonna be ten times more awkward to bring it up!*
*Come on, Satoru. You can't back down now.*
Satoru: Okay, then... Mayu-senpai.
Mayu: M-Mhm...
Satoru: Um... We missed out on spending the afternoon together today, so--
Satoru: Would you like to go do something together the next chance we get?!
Mayu: W-Wait...
Mayu: Are you asking me out on a...
Satoru: Yeah...
Mayu: ......
Satoru: ......
*I just mean a simple date, though! Don't read too deeply into it!*
*I almost end up saying that as a follow-up... but suppress it, wisely.*
*I'll never get anywhere if I keep backtracking.*
Mayu: U-Um, then how about!
Satoru: Y-Yeah?
Mayu: How about... um, um...
Mayu: Tomorrow!
================================================================================
*The following day, after school.*
Satoru: This is the last place I expected to be today...
*I'm in my swim trunks, which I haven't worn in some time, and sitting down by the poolside.*
*Mayu-senpai is currently in the girls' changing room getting into her swimsuit.*
*Yesterday, I worked up my courage and asked her out.*
*She was more than likely aware of the underlying meaning behind this.*
*And knowing that, she agreed.*
*So she suggested we meet at the pool, which brings us to now.*
Satoru: ......
*Feeling jittery, I absently survey the surrounding area.*
*We were able to obtain permission to use the pool by claiming it to be for research purposes.*
*Since Mayu-senpai is a researcher in addition to being a student, she has special privileges.*
*Consequently, we don't need a teacher to supervise us, and no other students are around.*
*The pool is located at the west end of the school, and now that regular school hours are over, no students can be seen passing by the window.*
*Mayu-senpai and I will be all alone once she walks out.*
*In every sense of the word...*
Satoru: So this means what I think it does, doesn't it?
*As ashamed as I am to admit it... I've been a bundle of nerves ever since I walked out to the poolside.*
Satoru: Mayu-senpai wasn't any different... She wanted to take the next step too, but she was scared...
*But we've both decided to get over our anxiety and just do it.*
*Funnily enough, at the exact same time too.*
*Maybe she went to the other girls for advice in the same that I confided in Kyouhei.*
Satoru: They were looking at me a little awkwardly today...
Satoru: Mayu-senpai included, as a matter of fact...
*We barely spoke to each other during our walk to the pool after we received permission.*
*She'd only shot me the occasional awkward glance...*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: I-If I see Mayu-senpai as worked up as I am now, I might just lose my mind....
*I take a deep breath.*
*Okay. I need to remind myself that my interpretation might be wrong; Mayu-senpai may very well have other intentions in mind.*
*She might just see this as an extension of our break, since we have no work that needs immediate attention right now.*
*Either way, I'll find out once she arrives.*
Mayu: H-Hey...
Satoru: Ah--!
*I turn around the moment I hear that long-awaited voice.*
Mayu: ......
*I-I haven't found out a damn thing!*
*She does have a swimsuit on, and she's squirming around a bit in embarrassment.*
*However, she has a lab coat thrown overtop it. It's the same getup she was wearing when she taught us that one time.*
*Wh-What do I make of this?*
Mayu: Um--Umm, Satoru-kun!
Satoru: Y-Yeah?
Mayu: Yesterday... um, you...
Mayu: You... w-wanted to have sex... right?
Satoru: Ngh...
*She comes right out and says it, no beating around the bush or anything.*
*Her face flushes red from ear to ear as she squirms and wriggles her body in embarrassment.*
*Had the lab coat not been covering her, it would have been an awfully suggestive sight.*
Mayu: ......
Satoru: I do want to have sex.
Mayu: ......
Satoru: But if you don't want to, I won't force you.
Mayu: I don't... not want to...
Mayu: I just have zero experience...
Mayu: And I just... don't have any self-confidence... so it's really embarrassing...
*Her voice grows more feeble as she speaks.*
*I can tell that her embarrassment levels are at a peak.*
*Maybe that's why she's wearing the lab coat?*
Mayu: I... I'm still the same at my core...
Mayu: I'm a weak-willed coward... and I can't do anything unless someone drags me into it...
Mayu: I'm constantly lamenting over my own ineptness...
*Wait... then, why...*
Satoru: Why did you invite me to the pool?
Mayu: ......
Satoru: (Ah.)
*She peers up at me in desperation, her eyes slightly watery.*
*That gaze is what triggers a lightbulb moment in my head.*
*She's experiencing what I am.*
*She's just as scared as me... but she mustered her courage in order to tell me something.*
*To tell me there's something she wants very much.*
Mayu: I-I know you call me beautiful a lot, Satoru-kun.
Mayu: You've also... told me I look great in a swimsuit before...
Mayu: It made me happy... it really did... but I just can't improve my self-image...
Mayu: I don't want you to look at my body...
*My heart rate suddenly shoots up.*
*Her words and her expression create certain expectations within my mind.*
Mayu: I don't... but, I want... you to.
Satoru: ......
*This was something she'd told me that one time when were swimsuit shopping at the mall and ran into her.*
*The mind of a young girl can at times be contradictory.*
*They don't want to be seen, but they still want you to look at them. It's embarrassing, but they still want you to tell them they look good, etc.*
Satoru: I think my comments were...
Mayu: ......
Satoru: You looked fantastic, and it struck a nice balance of sexy and cute.
Mayu: Y-Yeah... that's what you said.
Mayu: I know you meant it, but...
Satoru: But my impressions are different this time.
Satoru: I... want you to take off that lab coat.
Mayu: Ah--!
*I lay my desires bare to her.*
*But those are mere words, not actions.*
Satoru: I'm going to take it off for you.
*Resolving myself, I thus declare my intent to her.*
*Just telling her what I "want" isn't enough any more.*
*No matter how embarrassing it is, I strongly desire her, just as she does me.*
Mayu: Ah, uh...
Satoru: Could you raise your hands for me, please?
Mayu: O-Okay...
*Her voice shrivels as her entire face, from the neck up, flushes red.*
*Nonetheless, she nods and raises her hands sheepishly.*
*With delicate motions, I pull the collar off her shoulders.*
*It's like I'm removing the wrapping from a prized item.*
*Like... I'm raising my bride's wedding veil.*
Mayu: Ngh...
*Once it passed her shoulders, it took but a moment for the rest to fall.*
*The lab coat drops to the floor, and she no longer has anything covering her body but the bikini.*
*The curves of her body are now on clear display.*
*She looks up at me again, trembling.*
Mayu: O-Oh gosh, you're looking.
Satoru: I am. I can't take my eyes off you.
Mayu: Am I... turning you on?
Satoru: A whole lot.
Mayu: Am I really... attractive enough for you?
Satoru: You're the most attractive woman on the planet to me.
Satoru: That's why... I want to make love with you so badly.
Mayu: Ah...
Satoru: What about me, though... Are you sure you want me?
Mayu: Y-Yes, you're who I want...
Mayu: I want to... give myself to you...
Mayu: Though I know I'm just some unpretty, unfeminine girl who's three years older than you...
Satoru: I'll never let you say that again.
Mayu: Ah...
*I pull her into a tight embrace.*
*I don't know if that was the right action to take in this scenario.*
*But expressing my feelings physically is the only option for me at this junction.*
Satoru: Do you have any idea how obsessed I am with you?
Satoru: If not, then I'll teach it to you.
Mayu: A-Ahh... Satoru-kun...
*The tension quickly leaves her body.*
*And, driven by virile urges wholly unknown to me, I open her up.*
Mayu: Ahh, *kiss*... *kiss* *smack* *pant* a-ahhh, *smack*... *slurp*...
*Just like this. I pry open her lips, and soon her tongue coils and sucks at my finger.*
*.........*
*......*
*...*
*Afterwards, we got off each other, cleaned off our bodies as well as the floor.*
*We were both filled with happiness, laughing together all the while.*
*We took our relationship to the next step and made love.*
*Someone as wonderful as her loves me so much, and I'm able to love her back so much in return.*
*We had to laugh.*
*And we had to snuggle together on our way back.*
*We finally did it. Today is a joyous occasion for the both of us.*
================================================================================
Mayu: Ahh... This is the best.
*It's lunch break, and we've just finished our "cuddle time" in the courtyard. This is how most of our break time is now spent.*
*Anyways, we're heading back to the dorm to restock our lab with tea and snacks.*
Mayu: Oh, yeah! I was wanting to ask you something, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Hm?
Mayu: The principal hasn't given us his answer yet, and we don't have work that needs immediate attention.
Mayu: So, I was wondering if today after school... *giggle* since we've finally, y'know, "connected" physically...
Satoru: You just can't get it off your mind, huh.
Mayu: Well, you just kept slamming up against my uterus again and again and it felt so good!
Satoru: I did do that and I'm glad that you enjoyed it so much, but let's PLEASE not talk about me "slamming your uterus" out here.
Mayu: Anyways, now that we've crossed that step.
Mayu: What do you say we go report our relationship to Kotori?
Satoru: You want me to go too?
Mayu: Oh! Hmmm? Really? You're gonna play me like that?
Mayu: You took my precious virginity, but now you want to run off and deny any responsibility. Is that how it is?
Satoru: No, you misunderstand! In fact, no matter what anyone says, I'll always be open about being in a relationship with you.
Satoru: You, um... you trusted me enough to give me your everything, so I have to fulfill that responsibility.
Mayu: Ah--Ahhhhhh?!
Satoru: Didn't you?
Mayu: Yeah, sorry... I got in a bit of a mischievous mood and teased you in a mean way...
Mayu: Can you hug me, though? You just totally swept me off my feet with that last line you just said...
Satoru: You're so cute, Mayu-senpai.
Mayu: Mhh!
*Smiling, I hug her.*
*She clings to me in response, and nuzzles her forehead against me.*
*We just made love for the first time, so honestly, it's no surprise that we get overly affectionate every chance we get.*
Mayu: Come with me.
Satoru: Sure, I don't mind going, but uhh...
Satoru: Am I even allowed in the research center?
Mayu: You're my assistant; there shouldn't be a problem.
*As long as I don't try anything while I'm there, I suppose.*
Mayu: And besides, I've already been paying Kotori frequent visits for a while.
Satoru: Oh, yeah... I saw you doing so that one time.
Mayu: Oh. So that's when you snuck into the research center, huh?
Satoru: Let's not talk about that... I know we're both aware, but it makes me feel like I'm in trouble...
Mayu: Then shut me up with a kiss.
Satoru: ......
*So I do.*
Mayu: Mhhh! *giggle* *giggle* Oh, Satoru-kun, you silly.
Mayu: I rarely ever visit her THAT late, though. That night was an exception.
Mayu: That's when I was first starting to develop a crush on you... Heh!
Satoru: Hey, stop--that tickles! Wait, you're bringing it up again...
Mayu: 'Cause I want you to do it again...
Satoru: You're getting real good at controlling me!
Mayu: You don't want to?
Satoru: It's almost frustrating how you know how to make me happy so easily.
Mayu: Ah, mhhh... *kiss*...
Mayu: Ahh, *kiss*... *giggle* Look at you, putting your tongue in...
Satoru: Well, yeah... of course I would.
Mayu: And that's not the only thing you've stuck into me!
Satoru: Agggh! Can we... please move on?
Mayu: *giggle* Sorry!
Mayu: But yeah... for the most part, I'd use my visits to Kotori as a means to vent when I was feeling stressed...
Mayu: Lately, though, I've mostly been talking about you.
Satoru: O-Oh, really?
Mayu: Yep. Ever since we started dating, it's been nothing but you.
Mayu: I'll tell her stuff like things you did for me that day, maybe how embarrassed I got because of it, or wonder to her whether or not you've been getting annoyed with me.
Satoru: ......
*W-Wait, I have to remember, this person's in an artificial comatose state. She doesn't hear any of this stuff.*
*If she could, though, I'd die of embarrassment...*
Mayu: So I figured I should finally introduce you to her.
*She takes a step back and beams at me.*
Mayu: I wanna show off my wonderful boyfriend to her!
*So this is essentially something she wants to do for her own self-satisfaction.*
*If that's the case, I'll be glad to play along.*
Satoru: Alright. I'll come get you after school then.
Mayu: Thanks! I'll be waiting for you.
Mayu: *giggle* I'm already getting kinda excited!
*A short while later...*
*I met up with Mayu-senpai after classes ended, and we set off towards the research center.*
Satoru: Am I gonna be getting in via your authentication?
Mayu: Yep. So don't go off on your own, got it?
Satoru: I know. I wasn't going to.
Mayu: Good. I'd hope not...
Mayu: I'll get jealous of Kotori if you go off and see her by yourself.
Satoru: That's what you're afraid of?!
Mayu: Well, I already know you're being extra careful with regards to your work stuff.
Satoru: Well, I'm also being extra careful not to stir your jealousy...
Mayu: *giggle* Glad to hear. I can love you all I want then.
*She seems to be in a really good mood.*
*I can tell she's excited to introduce me to Kotori-san.*
Satoru: (This... feels kind of weird for me, though.)
*I once infiltrated this building. I had to cooperate with Nanami, plan it out carefully, and make use of everything we had at our disposal. It was an extremely risky endeavor...*
*But now I'm just going to waltz on in through the front door.*
*And Mayu-senpai--the very person whose astral authentication and information I stole--happens to be the one leading me inside.*
Satoru: (I'm going here to meet the sleeping beauty I saw the first time once more...)
Satoru: (She's the Astral who, unbeknown to the public, caused the accident of two years ago, and was consequently placed in an artificial coma...)
*I'm with Mayu-senpai right now, and Dad told me to stay low.*
*I have no intentions of going into spy mode and scanning the building for information.*
*But still, I can't stop myself from considering the possibility.*
*With the dangers of control-loss being as great as they are, there's no other solution as of now aside from quarantining Kotori-san and putting her into a coma.*
*Still... the fact remains that no one is immune to it.*
*If, hypothetically speaking, numerous Astrals fell into this state at the same time...*
*We would have limited measures available to us.*
*Of course, the biggest issue is actually suppressing them...*
*But if, say, the number of affected Astrals grows, then it would become difficult to find a place to quarantine them, to say nothing of how we'd manage to keep it all under wraps. There are few facilities out there like this one.*
*This is why research on control-loss states is so crucial, and not just because of Mayu-senpai's desire to see her friend again...*
Satoru: (If they find a cure, then all this information has to be made public...)
Satoru: (But would Kikka Academy, and maybe even Washizu City as a whole, not receive backlash for it?)
Satoru: (This research began as a result of the memory fiber. It might be best to--)
Mayu: What's the matter, Satoru-kun?
Satoru: O-Oh, nothing--
*Just as I'm about to reply, something unexpected happens.*
Satoru: Wha--?!
*The roaring boom and impact of an explosion.*
*Which is then followed by the heavy vibration of window panes.*
Mayu: Wh-What was that?!
Satoru: Go back, Mayu-senpai.
Mayu: Huh?
Satoru: I'm gonna go check things out--
Mayu: N-No, I'm coming with you!
*Her pleading shout stops me in my tracks.*
*I turn around and stare sternly at her.*
Satoru: I don't know what happened, but it's undoubtedly dangerous to go there.
Satoru: There's no way I can let you be exposed like that. I'm used to this stuff, so just let me--
Mayu: I HAVE to go because it's dangerous!
Mayu: Kotori's in there... so if something happened, that could mean--!
Satoru: ......
Mayu: It's my fault she ended up like that... if some sort of tragedy were to befall her again...
Mayu: Two years ago, I... I asked Kotori to take my place. If only I was there with her, if only!
Mayu: I'm going with you! I'm done having regrets!
Satoru: Alright.
*To be honest, I want her to go back even it means using force...*
*But I can't bring myself to do so after hearing her impassioned plea.*
Satoru: Just promise me one thing: hide behind me at all times.
Satoru: I'll keep you safe, Mayu-senpai.
Mayu: Okay!
Satoru: Let's go.
Mayu: Okay!
*We spring off towards the research center.*
*The vibrating grows stronger the closer we approach.*
*What in the world is happening?*
*We dash down the path leading to the research center and reach an open area.*
Satoru: Kgh?!
*I'm hit by a strong, fierce gust.*
*Not a second later, security guards are flung out from the entrance.*
*They're being blown out by some sort of force.*
Satoru: Wh-What the hell is going on?!
*I crouch and cover Mayu-senpai while quickly scanning the area.*
*The wind blowing from within the building grows even fiercer.*
*The windows shake and rattle to the point of nearly breaking.*
Satoru: This definitely isn't any normal explosion... The force isn't abating; it's continuing and growing in intensity... 
Satoru: What the hell's happening in there?
Mayu: No--it can't be!
*She gasps in shock.*
*The gust of wind blows by once again.*
*A security guard is pushed out from the entrance, and tumbles across the floor.*
*But it doesn't end there.*
*A frail, white figure appears from within the loud roars and billowing winds.*
Mayu: KOTORI!
*It's her. The girl that was sleeping in the capsule.*
*The girl that is supposed to be in a coma... Ise Kotori.*
Mayu: Kotori! Kotori!
Satoru: Wait--Mayu-senpai!
*Just as she's about to jump out, I block her path with my arm.*
*I don't know why Ise Kotori awoke, but one glance at her is enough to tell me everything I need to know.*
*Her eyes are staring off into nothingness, and her face is void of all emotion.*
*But the most telling detail of all is the fierce winds surrounding her.*
Satoru: This is... her ability in its frenzied state?!
Mayu: P-Probably, yeah!
Mayu: These--These ferocious winds... *sniffle* Kotori!
*I can see how this caused a crane to topple over.*
*Blowing away all those security guards isn't a feat I'd imagine any regular human could accomplish.*
*Her ability normally allows her to manipulate the atmosphere... but because of her current boosted output, she's now turned into a walking tornado.*
Satoru: (The smartest thing to do would be to get out of here right now...)
*That's the first instinctual thought I have as I get the chills. It's not safe here--at all.*
Satoru: (But...)
*I quickly scan the area once more.*
*The guards that were blown away appear to be unconscious.*
*No reinforcements are coming from within... So we can only expect them to come from the direction of the school once the alarms sound...*
*But if Kotori-san reaches the school before that...*
Satoru: It's up to us to stop this.
Mayu: S-Satoru-kun!
Satoru: Thankfully, she's staying stationary... but we don't know how long that'll last.
Satoru: If she starts moving, we need to keep her from approaching the school building at all costs...
Mayu: R-Right! We can't have student casualties.
Mayu: I can't let Kotori harm anyone!
Satoru: Yeah, which is why we need to keep her at bay until security arrives...
*The research center guards appear to have been prepared beforehand for the outbreak of an emergency such as this.*
*From what I can tell, they used non-lethal guns and fired rubber bullets and nets.*
*But... judging from where they are now, it was probably ineffective.*
*That wind is wild; it'll just blow the nets away.*
*The rubber bullets might have a better shot... but they won't bring immediate results.*
*Likewise for the tranquilizers--which means...*
Mayu: S-Satoru-kun, how are we gonna stop her?
Satoru: We can cut off her astron linking if she falls unconscious, right?
Satoru: That's what we'll have to do!
*I'll close the distance between us somehow and tackle her!*
*I steel myself, then leap forward and rush towards her.*
*I also use my ability to enhance my reflexes.*
*This is the perfect opportunity, as she isn't moving and the wind has gotten slightly weaker.*
*I continue to run--*
Kotori: Kgh!
Satoru: Ah?!
*She reacted?!*
Satoru: AHHHHHHH?!
*A lump of wind slams into me like a giant wall.*
*It carries and blows me away.*
Satoru: Ggh?!
*I ultimately fly backwards beyond the distance I just covered and crash into the ground.*
*I can't tell up from down for a brief moment, but I somehow manage to break my fall.*
Mayu: Satoru-kun!
Satoru: *cough*... I'm okay!
*I quickly jump to my feet.*
*Kotori-san is...*
Kotori: Nghh!
*Shit, she's completely focused on me!*
*She's supposed to be unconscious, but maybe she can sense astrons within a certain range?*
*Either way, I need to brace myself for her next attack!*
Satoru: Get back, Mayu-senpai!
Mayu: Kotori, please stop!
Mayu: Ahh?!
*A puff of wind blasts towards us.*
*The trees behind us are shaking violently, and soil is being lifted from the very ground.*
*Yet...*
Satoru: H-Huh?
*The fierce winds, for some reason, don't reach us.*
*The area behind where Mayu-senpai's outstretched hands reach is unaffected; it's like they've formed a wall...*
Satoru: Mayu-senpai, your ability!
Mayu: Yeah... I was able to block it!
*She has the ability to fix astrons in place.*
*It can essentially create an invisible wall in the air, which is super effective for stopping Kotori-san's wind!*
Satoru: Perfect!
Mayu: Th-This is all I can do with my ability, though!
Mayu: I can block her wind, but I can't stop her!
Mayu: Oh, if only I had that device I used to trap you!
Satoru: We just gotta work with what we have.
*We have to get near her and knock her out, somehow! It's our only option!*
Satoru: Mayu-senpai, use your ability to block off the path to the school!
Satoru: I'll try to get to her one more--
Kotori: AGGGHHHH!
Satoru: Kgh?!
*I-It's no use. She's using the tornado to shield herself.*
*It'll be impossible to even approach her, much less reach her...*
Mayu: Kotori, Kotori! It's me, Mayu!
*All of a sudden, though.*
*After Mayu-senpai positions herself, she calls out to Kotori desperately, with tears welling in her eyes.*
Mayu: Please, stop! I'll find a way to save you!
Mayu: Me and Satoru-kun! Kotori, hear this! I have a boyfriend!
Mayu: I found someone who'll love me for who I am! And I want to introduce him to you!
Mayu: So, please! Just stop this mayhem!
*An earnest, fretful, heart-wrenching plea.*
Kotori: AAH! AAAAH!
*Yet--it has no effect on her dear friend.*
*This frenzied state has stripped her of all her senses.*
*All she can respond with are groans as her lifeless eyes widen.*
*Mayu-senpai should be well aware that her efforts are meaningless.*
*But even so--*
Mayu: Kotori!
Kotori: AAAAH!
*She continues to call out to her friend, her voice tinged with sorrow.*
*The winds surrounding Kotori-san begin to grow more intense.*
*The pressure is so strong now that I can actually feel my feet slipping, despite them being planted firmly on the ground.*
*Think, think! What can I do?*
Mayu: I'll keep my promise! So please, stop this, Kotori!
Kotori: Ah... ahh!
*At that moment--something changes.*
Kotori: Ma... yu...
Satoru: Ah!
Mayu: Kotori!
*She musters up all her strength and will.*
*Risking her life to pull even a fragment of her consciousness up from the raging whirlpool in her mind.*
Kotori: Help... me...
Mayu: Ah!
*Mayu-senpai's body springs upwards.*
Mayu: Kotori... you... want me to!
Mayu: I've always been the one in need of her help, but now--now, for the first time ever, she's asking me for mine...
Mayu: Wait for me, Kotori!
*No, no, no!*
*It's more than clear that Mayu-senpai is dependent on Kotori-san from the stories I've heard.*
*So it's understandable that she'd rush to her side after her that cry for help.*
*Ugh... this is bad. I don't think there's any stopping her from the looks of it. She'd probably just ignore me if I tried to convince her.*
Satoru: Kgh!
*In that case, I'll just have to act faster!*
*Immediately after steeling my resolve, I activate my ability to its maximum output.*
*I would normally never push my ability to these extremes; it puts far too much strain on my brain.*
*But this is a do-or-die situation!*
Mayu: Satoru-kun?!
Satoru: Stay back, Mayu-senpai!
*Just boosting my physical prowess and reflexes won't be enough. I need to heighten my senses--no, I need to go beyond that and heighten my mental processing powers!*
Satoru: Urgh?!
*I break out in a sweat as an extreme pain assaults my head.*
*But I endure it and force myself to charge forward.*
*While trudging forward, I also ascertain the flow of the wind with my heightened senses.*
*I analyze the strength and pattern of it, and use the information to my advantage!*
Kotori: AAH... AAAAAH!
Satoru: AHHHH!
*To get blown TOWARDS Kotori-san!*
*Then I instantly close the distance between us.*
Satoru: Kotori-san, I'm sorry!
*I tackle her, carried by the force of the wind.*
Kotori: Ugh?!
*She lets out an audible groan.*
*And her body instantly goes limp.*
*The violent winds surrounding us suddenly die down in the blink of an eye.*
*Did I... do it?*
Satoru: Agh!
*It takes almost all my remaining energy to catch Kotori-san as she falls unconscious, then lay her down on the ground.*
*After that, I collapse, unable to endure the extreme headache and excruciating pain all over my body.*
Mayu: S-Satoru-kun! Kotori!
*I hear Mayu-senpai running towards us.*
*Mustering the last ounces of my strength, I raise my arm and give her a thumbs up...*
*Then, my consciousness goes out.*
*Afterwards, I was informed that Kotori-san had been put back into her capsule.*
*The research center sustained heavy damage and a few guards and researches suffered injuries, but fortunately, there were no casualties.*
*Of course, the loudness and force of the shockwave was intense enough to reach the students, which raises the problem of explaining the situation to them...*
*But that responsibility falls on the principal's shoulders.*
*At any rate... I think I managed to handle the situation the best that I could have, and I'm glad for that...*
Mayu: S-Satoru-kun, are you feeling okay enough to be up and about?
Satoru: Yeah, my headache's settled down... so I wanted to rest at a place where I could relax.
Satoru: Turns out I'm not a fan of the nurse's office. So... sorry, but could you make me some coffee?
Mayu: Ah... Yeah, of course!
Mayu: Here, use my shoulder to walk!
Satoru: Thanks...
Satoru: Phew.
*I sink my body into a chair after reaching Mayu-senpai's lab.*
*That's the first time I've ever ramped up my ability to that level, and boy, did it do a number on me...*
*I'm still exhausted, most likely as a result of the excessive strain I placed on my brain in such a short time frame.*
Mayu: Could you wait a bit? Sorry, I don't have the coffee prepared yet.
Satoru: Yeah... that's fine. I'll wait.
Mayu: Are you feeling okay? If you need anything, just tell me!
Mayu: Wanna do something to get your mind off the pain? Oh, how about this...
Satoru: I'm fine. Like I said, my headache's--
Mayu: D-Do you wanna fondle my boobs? Or a kiss? I can smother you with my cleavage too!
Satoru: I'll take all of the above, please.
Mayu: Okay! U-Um... they're all yours!
*She juts her chest out in front of me, and I proceed to fondle them to my heart's content.*
*The sensation of my fingers sinking into those soft pillows does wonders for my weary brain...*
Mayu: Mhh, mhhh, Satoru-kun...
Satoru: Your tits are absolutely amazing... I can feel myself getting better already...
Mayu: Heh... *giggle* *giggle*
Mayu: *smooch*!
Satoru: Mhh...
Mayu: I'll make you better in no time... *kiss*
Mayu: Thanks, Satoru-kun. Thank you, really... *kiss*... I love you so much... *kiss*
Mayu: Okay. Lower your head for me.
Satoru: Yes, ma'am... mmph.
Mayu: Mhh... mhhh... How is it? Are my boobs making you feel better?
Satoru: This sensation is heavenly...
*My mind is about to go numb from the double-sided squeezing of her cleavage.*
*This bliss really is causing my brain to recover...*
*I'm glad I took up her suggestion without brushing it off as silly.*
Mayu: *giggle* Of course. You just love my boobs, don't you?
*She seems to be back to her usual self as well, which is great to see.*
Mayu: Oh... the coffee's ready. I'll go fix you a cup real quick.
Satoru: Thanks. Phew... saved by the coffee, in a sense. If that went on any longer, that surge of "vitality" would've spread to my lower body as well.
Mayu: Oh, you naughty boy, you.
Mayu: Here you go. Enjoy.
Satoru: Thanks. *slurp*
Mayu: ......
Satoru: Hm? Wait--when you said "enjoy," you weren't by any chance referring to your boobs, were you?
Mayu: Oh, y-yeah. But that can wait till after you're done drinking.
Satoru: You're still willing to go for more?
Mayu: Well, of course. My bosom's all yours for today since you put yourself on the line for me, Satoru-kun.
Mayu: But... can I ask something real quick?
Satoru: Hm?
Mayu: How did you pull off that last feat? You were constantly being blown away by Kotori's wind every previous attempt.
Satoru: Oh, right...
Satoru: Sorry, I never did explain everything about my ability to you.
Mayu: Isn't it physical enhancement?
Satoru: Well, that's what I claimed... but that was a lie.
Mayu: Hm?
Satoru: For undercover missions, we decided that it would be best to conceal the true nature of my ability to prepare for unforeseen circumstances.
Satoru: My actual ability is the ability to control my brain.
Mayu: Then how'd you lift me up with a single arm?
Satoru: Think of it like a byproduct. I can manipulate my own brain into temporarily boosting my strength, like what it normally does during life-or-death situations.
Mayu: ......
Satoru: So earlier with Kotori-san, I enhanced all of my senses and brainpower to read the flow of her wind and--
Mayu: ......
Satoru: Mayu-senpai?
*I pause, noticing a pensive look on her face as her hand rests on her chin.*
*She eventually starts mumbling something.*
Mayu: Astrals link with astrons via a specific part of their brain. Under normal circumstances, however, there's a threshold above which they cannot manipulate.
Mayu: Control-loss being an exception to that, of course--but judging from what Satoru-kun's saying, that threshold doesn't apply to him, meaning that theoretically it would be possible to raise or lower his link value...
*Her train of thought is moving lightning fast.*
*What she seems to be contemplating... is how my ability relates to control-loss.*
*My heart skips a beat once I realize the possibility she might be suggesting.*
Mayu: Since the memory fiber records astral patterns and Satoru-kun's neural manipulation relies on astrons--
Mayu: ......
Satoru: M-Mayu-senpai, does this mean what I think it means?
Mayu: Yes... it does, Satoru-kun.
*She lifts her head and nods vigorously.*
*There's a glint in her eyes. A glint filled with hope.*
*She then reveals her discovery.*
Mayu: I've found the missing puzzle piece we need.
================================================================================
Mayu: Pardon the sudden intrusion, sir!
*A few minutes later, we barge into the principal's office.*
Atsunori: That's fine. I'm thankful for your cooperation in quelling the incident.
Atsunori: Kotori is safe thanks to your efforts. I've already arranged for reconstruction work to be done on the research center.
Atsunori: We're currently considering what story should be reported to the students, but for now, the both of you should--
Mayu: Yes, we'll tread carefully around the subject.
Mayu: We're here for another matter. I'd like to discuss the control-loss suppression plan I mentioned the other day.
Atsunori: Right. It's very possible that what happened today could occur again. Development of suppression measures is indeed required.
Atsunori: That being said...
Mayu: I've discovered a key component to actualizing our plan.
Atsunori: ......
*She turns around and nods to me.*
*I return a nod myself, then take one step forward.*
Satoru: First off, I owe you an apology, sir. I falsified my identity and ability.
Satoru: I'm an agent of a secret unit working for the Intelligence Bureau, and I have the ability to manipulate my brain.
Atsunori: ......
*I haven't cleared any of this by Dad.*
*It was a decision I arrived at after discussing things with Mayu-senpai.*
*This is far more problematic than just a simple breach of confidentiality.*
*But I've already made up my mind.*
Satoru: Sir, there's someone I'd like you to meet.
Ryuunosuke: "The hell?"
Satoru: Developing control-loss suppression measures should also be beneficial for us.
Satoru: I mean, we already provided them with the memory fiber.
Satoru: We might as well take the initiative here and cooperate with them officially. In my opinion, this is a necessary step!
Ryuunosuke: "......"
Satoru: I've already spoken with the principal. All I need now is your consent...
Ryuunosuke: "Shut up for a second."
Satoru: Okay...
*His deep, stern tone cuts off my attempt at negotiation.*
*I'm sweating in anticipation, but all I can do is wait for his verdict.*
*I can't lose hope, though, no matter what.*
*Mayu-senpai's plan will never succeed if I keep my identity hidden from the school.*
Satoru: But, please--
Ryuunosuke: "I told you to keep your mouth shut."
Satoru: ......
Ryuunosuke: "Not only did you forgo asking for my consent, you come to me begging for it after the fact..."
Ryuunosuke: "And you even have the nerve to try and 'convince' me... Your job isn't to think about those things; you're the one who carries out OUR decisions."
Satoru: Yes, I'm sorry.
Ryuunosuke: "*sigh*... Look, Satoru."
Ryuunosuke: "You've been stepping out of line way too much after getting involved with this case."
Ryuunosuke: "Especially ever since I told you to get involved with Shikibe Mayu."
Ryuunosuke: "You never would've misbehaved like this before. I wouldn't say you were completely obedient, but I always knew what to expect from you."
Satoru: You're right.
Ryuunosuke: "What happened to you? Why are you acting like such a fool?"
Satoru: Well, that's because...
Ryuunosuke: "You're trying to act like an adult, aren't you?"
Satoru: ......
Ryuunosuke: "You're no longer just my son. You're starting to develop into an independent person."
Ryuunosuke: "Which is why you got cocky and tried to make decisions that should be left up to me. Am I wrong?"
Satoru: Dad...
Ryuunosuke: "I won't deny that you made good points. I was actually considering doing that."
Ryuunosuke: "I was waiting for a good opportunity, but well... like you said, this is probably the best time."
Ryuunosuke: "I'll praise you for deducing that, at the very least."
Satoru: Th-Then--!
Ryuunosuke: "But you're still just a naive little brat!"
Satoru: ......
Ryuunosuke: "Timing was the only thing you got right. The way you went about everything else was sloppy as shit."
Ryuunosuke: "And worse, you acted on your own judgment yet again. I've frankly had enough of your crap, so be prepared for a severe penalty."
Satoru: Yes, sir. I'm truly, truly sorry.
Ryuunosuke: "But, well."
*His tone suddenly changes, though.*
*It shifts from a low, sharp one to a powerful yet relaxed tone.*
Ryuunosuke: "It's a father's job to take responsibility for his son."
Satoru: ......
Ryuunosuke: "At least until you become an adult. This'll probably be the last time I will..."
Ryuunosuke: "Just sit tight and let your father fix things."
Satoru: Thank you so much, Dad!
================================================================================
*Progress was being made simultaneously on various fronts.*
*Among them the reconstruction of the research center, which was damaged during the recent incident.*
*The official statement announced to students was the following: "The research center is current under repairs due to an accident. Do not approach." *
*Dad started periodically visiting the school to meet with the principal.*
*He said that he'd be handling the talks, so I'm not really privy to any details...*
*But I'd imagine they're probably just discussing the finer details of their cooperation agreement.*
Nanami: They both have loads of other schemes in mind. Not that I'm familiar with the details myself...
Nanami: I think they're working out how much they can afford to cooperate and whether or not they can find a middle ground that'll benefit both parties.
Nanami: For example, we might request usage of the AIMS database in return for providing detailed data for the memory fiber.
*She's thinking along the same lines as I am.*
Nanami: Anyways, how's progress going on your end?
Satoru: Oh, right. I should tell you where we're at with the patch.
Mayu: We've received some nice data regarding the effects of stealth when implemented.
Mayu: It's going smoothly. We might be able to complete it a lot faster than anticipated, actually.
Satoru: Oh, that's great news.
Mayu: Yep! So let's keep up the good work.
Mayu: So we can save Kotori as soon as possible.
*Kotori-san's plea that day for Mayu-senpai to save her must have had a profound impact on her.*
*Development of the patch is going apace, and we're nearing completion of a test version.*
Mayu: H-How are things going on your end?
Satoru: Well, I'm gonna go back to practicing after this...
*But that's the problem.*
*No matter how much progress we're making with the patch, if I don't succeed, then all our efforts will be for naught...*
Ayase: It won't drop lower than 56.
Satoru: Ack... Really?!
*These past few days, I've been working on trying to decrease my link value.*
*But I haven't had any luck and I'm starting to lose patience.*
Satoru: *sigh*... How am I supposed to control my link value through my ability in the first place? I have no clue how to approach this...
Hazuki: Well, the thought has never even occured to you, and you've never once tried it...
*My goal is 20, but I can't even get the value to go below 55, which is where it's normally at.*
*The average person's link value is 12, and the lowest required to use astral abilities is 20.*
*So in order to suppress control-loss, I need to get as close to 20 as possible. But that's easier said than done...*
Satoru: Sorry I dragged you all out here to help me... I'm not making any progress whatsoever.
Hazuki: That is nothing to apologize for. We are your friends, so we're always glad to help.
Hazuki: Then again, we don't appear to be helping much...
Satoru: That's fine. Most of this is dependent on me in the first place.
Satoru: I'm actually... really grateful you guys agreed to help without even asking why...
Hazuki: *giggle* I live by the words of the wise Onikin.
Hazuki: "I require no explanation. You are struggling, which is reason enough for me to assist you."
Hazuki: Oh, he's so slick! It is indeed reason enough!
*I've hardly ever seen his show, but boy do I appreciate Onikin right now!*
*Because unfortunately, I can't exactly reveal the truth about control-loss to Nijouin-san.*
Satoru: Sorry for dragging you into this, Nanami. And you too, Mitsukasa-san.
Nanami: I just couldn't stand by and watch you struggle by yourself any longer.
Nanami: And I'm your partner anyways, so I'm always here for you when you need help.
Satoru: Yeah... sorry for not telling you sooner.
Nanami: You should be, stupid.
Ayase: As for me.
Satoru: Hm?
Ayase: I'm the one who ought to be thanking you and Shikibe-senpai. You don't need to apologize to me for anything.
Satoru: Why's that?
Ayase: I can't tell you. Consider it your punishment for hiding everything from me.
Ayase: But... yes. Thank you for the tireless effort you're putting in to save her.
Satoru: ......
*When she was present in the office with us that day, I had a hunch she was involved somehow.*
*She's not only the student council president who represents the school--there's something else special about her.*
*But... I have no intention of pursuing that right now.*
*Which makes it easier for me if she's keeping quiet intentionally.*
Hazuki: Hm? What is this about?
Satoru: Oh... nothing.
Satoru: I'll give it another shot. Everyone, stay with me if, you don't mind.
*With renewed motivation thanks to my friends, I continue my link value control training.*
*However...*
Ayase: No good.
Satoru: Gah! *pant* *pant* Dammit!
*I couldn't produce results even after concentrating to the point of going out of breath.*
*I fall to my knees with my hands to the ground.*
Hazuki: Hmm... I wonder if it's a matter of visualization, similar to when I had problems with my control?
Satoru: Even if it is.... wh-what the heck am I supposed to do?!
Nanami: I think we're gonna have to tweak Satoru-kun's brain at this point.
Satoru: Let's stay away from surgery, please!
Mayu: Stop bullying my Satoru-kun!
Nanami: Oh. Hi, Shikibe-senpai.
Mayu: It's okay, Satoru-kun. Everything's going to be alright. Here, I'll hug you to my bosom, so please, don't get discouraged! Please!
Satoru: Mmphbbhppbhgghb... 
Ayase: I think we're the ones being bullied by Shikibe-senpai right now... mentally...
Hazuki: Excessive flirting indeed.
Ayase: Y-Yes. Ahem...
Ayase: Well... lunch break is almost over, so I think we should stop here for now.
Nanami: Why are you touching your boobs?
Ayase: N-No, it's nothing.
*Lunch break ended in failure, so I was wanting to try again after school...*
Mayu: You shouldn't push your body too hard.
Satoru: Sorry...
*Mayu-senpai told me to go to her lab, and I obeyed, feeling a little guilty for worrying her.*
*I gulp down the coffee she prepared for me and inadvertently let out a sigh.*
Satoru: *sigh*... Sorry about this. I know you want to save Kotori as soon as possible...
Satoru: If only I weren't holding everything up...
Mayu: Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Yeah...
Mayu: Mhh!
*Softly, and lovingly.*
*Once again, she hugs me to her chest.*
Mayu: Don't say that, please.
*She pleads to me in a gentle tone.*
Mayu: Okay?
Satoru: But...
Mayu: I do want to save Kotori as soon as possible.
Mayu: She was always one step ahead of me, pulling me along... but she asked me for help this time...
*I strongly understand her feelings.*
*Kotori-san is a very, very important person to her.*
Mayu: I owe it all to you.
Satoru: Huh?
Mayu: If I truly care about her, I have to help her as much as she helps me.
Mayu: That's what our relationship's taught me...
Satoru: Mayu-senpai...
Mayu: Kotori helped me two years ago...
Mayu: She told me everything would be okay. That she knew how stressed I'd get over things.
Mayu: But then that incident had to happen...
*She hugs me even tighter.*
Mayu: Let's save her together, Satoru-kun. Okay?
Mayu: I want to show her that I'm strong, independent, and capable now.
Mayu: And I want to show her this wonderful boyfriend that I have with me now...
Mayu: So don't give up hope. I know you can do it.
*She takes her arms away from me and looks into my eyes as she speaks.*
Satoru: Sorry.
*I apologize again, but with a noticeably different tone in my voice this time.*
Satoru: I'll stop thinking negatively. Thanks.
Mayu: *giggle*
Mayu: I was actually giving it some thought too, you know?
*She smiles softly to me one moment, and smirks the next.*
Mayu: You probably can't lower your link value because it's something you've never actually "felt"... Does that sound right?
Satoru: Yeah... I think so.
Mayu: I have an idea.
Mayu: What if we do something to get you attuned to that feeling?
Satoru: Huh?
Mayu: Perhaps I can make you physically experience the feeling of using up all your astrons...
*.........*
*......*
*...*
Mayu: Okay, done wiping. Let's go.
Satoru: Y-You're not gonna put your clothes on?
Mayu: I still don't want clothes to get in between us.
Mayu: I want to stay with you a little more like this, Satoru-kun. Mh, mh... *kiss*...
*While in the shower, she washed my body in a very sexual way, but it didn't end there.*
*Now that we're back out, she starts rubbing her body against mine and kissing me passionately.*
*So, I respond in kind...*
Mayu: Ah, ah... You wanna touch my boobs, do you?
Satoru: You started pushing them against me; I couldn't help it.
Mayu: Mhh. *giggle* Well, I had my back to you while we were having sex...
Mayu: So I wanted you to enjoy my boobs too... Mhh, yes, touch them... *giggle*...
*I couldn't hold back my urge to grab and massage her boobs from the bottom, but she doesn't mind at all. She's actually enjoying it and letting me.*
*She even rests her cheeks on my chest.*
*Her warmth tickles me with happiness... and really makes me feel the afterglow.*
Satoru: It's wonderful how devoted you are...
Mayu: That's all because you're so amazing... You were so intense and passionate...
Mayu: Gosh, you showed me a whole new world, you know? I can't take myself away from you...
Satoru: I feel the same way, but...
Satoru: I think you're the one who's amazing, Mayu-senpai.
Mayu: Huh?
Satoru: Thanks to your devotion... I feel like I've finally gotten a hold.
Mayu: Um... ahold of my boobs?
Satoru: I know I'm holding them, but please!
Satoru: Look... this is what I mean.
Mayu: Ah!
*I pull her hips towards me and press my body against hers.*
Satoru: I'll succeed tomorrow.
================================================================================
*And finally...*
Atsunori: Hrm.
*The principal takes a supplement, then turns towards us.*
*He must be exhausted from all of the strenuous work he's been tasked with as of late.*
Mayu: We've already run countless test trials. Theoretically, there should be no issues.
Mayu: It should work with Kotori's altered link value in her control-loss state.
Atsunori: Alright.
Atsunori: Then I'll be the one to release her from her coma and apply the patch.
Ayase: Principal Ise?!
*Appalled, Mitsukasa-san rushes towards the desk.*
Ayase: There's no need to put yourself in harm's way. Please let me handle it.
Ayase: I do have faith that it will work, but no matter how minuscule, there's always the possibility that something could go awry.
Atsunori: We've already witnessed that possibility once.
Ayase: ......
Atsunori: I've had enough. I don't want my daughter to fall victim to it again.
Ayase: ......
*The principal stands up after Mitsukasa-san backs down.*
*We were still surprised by the argument just now, but he turns to explain to us calmly.*
Atsunori: The truth is, she's closely acquainted with Kotori.
Mayu: Really?!
Atsunori: Please understand her feelings.
*That explains a lot, actually...*
Atsunori: But she raises a fair point. We should prepare for the worst.
Atsunori: I'll prepare the highest level of defenses for the treatment. Mister Arihara.
Ryuunosuke: We'll cooperate with defenses, just as we've discussed.
Ryuunosuke: If we don't, it'll jeopardize our future as well. The crucial part is what comes after this.
Atsunori: Likewise for us. Shikibe-kun, Arihara-kun.
Mayu,Satoru: Yes.
Atsunori: I'd like for the both of you to wait outside.
Atsunori: This is in the interest of all of our safety, as you'll be the last line of defense...
Atsunori: Also... Shikibe-kun.
Mayu: Yes.
Atsunori: The final phase of this plan will conclude with your reunion with Kotori.
Mayu: ......
Atsunori: Let us begin.
*The control-loss suppression patch is finally complete.*
*We'll be able to wake Kotori from her coma at long last...*
*Principal Ise declares the start of the operation.*
Mayu: ......
*Several minutes have passed since the principal went inside.*
*Mayu-senpai has been waiting anxiously for the door to open.*
Ryuunosuke: Well, we can only pray that the research center doesn't get damaged again. It'd be a damn shame since they just fixed it.
Satoru: I hope you're going to do more than just pray. We'll have a hard time if you don't do your job of supervising personnel in an emergency situation.
Ryuunosuke: I've already done everything that needs to be done, just like you.
Ryuunosuke: Including securing the researchers' safety.
Satoru: Oh, so the SFD's taking care of that.
Ryuunosuke: Satoru. Why do you think control-loss occurs?
Satoru: Huh? Well... because a part of the brain becomes paralyzed from astron overflow?
Ryuunosuke: But why does this overflow happen in the first place?
Satoru: ......
*Yeah, that's still an unsolved mystery.*
*I kind of just assumed it was because Kotori-san was a powerful Astral whose link value was extremely high to begin with, but...*
Ryuunosuke: It's still not completely clear to me either.
Ryuunosuke: Remember how the attackers had data on the research center, though?
Ryuunosuke: That's probably no coincidence.
*The reason for Kotori-san's overflow.*
*The reason that an organization with ties to an anti-Astron faction had data on the research center...*
*And just now... Dad said that he'd secured the researchers' safety...*
Satoru: So there's a possibility that there's a spy, and Kotori-san's control-loss was intentionally induced?
Ryuunosuke: Who knows? Either way, it'll be our job to deal with that.
Ryuunosuke: I'm gonna have you work on something else, though, so you don't have to worry yourself about this for now.
Satoru: What's that?
Ryuunosuke: Shikibe Mayu is now an extremely valuable asset to both the SFD and the school, and even moreso in the future.
Ryuunosuke: We'll need you to stay with her as a field agent.
Satoru: Dad...
Ayase: Ah... Shikibe-senpai, Arihara-kun, look!
*Mitsukasa-san calls out to us, so I quickly turn my eyes back towards the building.*
*Not a second later, the door starts opening slowly...*
Mayu: S-Satoru-kun!
Satoru: Yeah...
*She's shaking with nervousness and fear.*
*I hold her shoulders firmly and support her body.*
Satoru: It's okay. Everything's gonna work out.
*Last time she woke up, violent winds were raging all over the place, but there's none of that now.*
*Which means that, at the very least, we were able to suppress the excess energy from flowing out.*
*The remaining concern lies with her mental state.*
*Has she regained consciousness? Has she recovered enough to be able to live normally?*
*And the most important question of all... Will she be able to maintain that state?*
Satoru: (Please... no more of those violent outbursts of wind...)
Mayu: Ngh...
*Give Mayu-senpai her best friend back! She's worked so hard, so long, for this moment!*
*Eventually, a figure gradually appears.*
*A girl in a hospital gown walks out, supported by the shoulders by the principal.*
*She's wearing a bracelet-like object on her left hand. It's the suppression patch we made.*
*The last time I saw her, her eyes were blank, but now they're not...*
*Those eyes slowly focus on Mayu-senpai.*
Mayu: Kotori!
Kotori: Ah... Mayu...
*We did it!*
Mayu: S-Satoru-kun!
Satoru: Go on, she's waiting.
Mayu: Yeah... Yeah!
Mayu: Kotori, Kotori, Kotori!
Kotori: Mayuuu!
*Mayu-senpai bolts towards her.*
*Kotori-san releases herself from the principal's arms and--while still unbalanced and limping--also staggers towards Mayu-senpai...*
Mayu,Kotori: Kotori! / Mayu!
*The two then share a tight hug.*
*After two years apart, they've finally been reunited.*
Atsunori: Arihara-kun.
*As I was gazing at their heartwarming reunion, the principal had approached me.*
*He bows to me slowly and sincerely. Quite frankly, it surprises me.*
Atsunori: We were only able to achieve this because of your resolve and strength.
Atsunori: You have my sincerest thanks.
Satoru: Principal Ise...
*I never expected him to thank me this way.*
*I can truly tell how much he loves his daughter.*
*Realizing that fills my chest with warmth.*
Ayase: ......
*Mitsukasa-san places her hand on the principal's shoulders, as if comforting him.*
Ayase: Thank you very much, Arihara-kun.
Ayase: We couldn't have done this without you...
Satoru: Mitsukasa-san...
Ayase: Okay, it's your turn to go now.
Ayase: Shikibe-senpai isn't the only one who contributed to this, after all.
Satoru: Yeah, thanks.
*After we exchange nods, I walk towards the two girls still hugging.*
Mayu: Ah... Satoru-kun!
Mayu: Kotori, this is him. He's the one who saved you!
Satoru: Nice to meet you, Kotori-san. I'm Arihara Satoru.
*I begin introducing myself to her and start to bow.*
Kotori: ......
Satoru: K-Kotori-san?
*She stares at me with wide-eyes, causing me to panic a little.*
*Why? Did I do something to surprise her?*
Mayu: *giggle* Isn't he handsome?
*Mayu-senpai removes her arms, ending her hug with Kotori-san, and smiles while boasting about me.*
Mayu: Kotori, I... I worked so hard while you were sleeping.
Mayu: I got stressed a lot without having you around to help me... but I'm okay now.
Mayu: *giggle* Because I have such a wonderful boyfriend to--
Kotori: Mhm... I heard about it, so I figured that's who he was.
Mayu: Huh?
*She "heard"?*
Kotori: I want to tell you something...
Satoru: Huh? O-Oh, yes, uh... umm?
Kotori: I know that it was... your ability that changed me...
Kotori: I can... feel you within my body...
Satoru: ......
Mayu: W-Wait, what? Is that 'cause his astrons are currently infused to you?
Kotori: Yeah... You're inside me... I can feel you so keenly...
Kotori: Having you so... so close to me makes me feel so warm...
Satoru: ......
*Wait... hold up.*
*Has she grown feelings for me as a side effect of the patch?!*
Mayu: N--
Mayu: Noooooooooo!
*Mayu-senpai shrieks and frantically pulls my arm towards her.*
*She even locks my arm in between her breasts and starts squirming.*
Mayu: Satoru-kun is mine!
*Oh god, those are real tears in her eyes!*
Mayu: I'm not handing him over to anyone, not even you, Kotori! He's mine! He's my boyfriend!
Mayu: I'm the only girl Satoru-kun's allowed to say I love you to! I'm the only girl he's allowed to kiss, and I'm the only girl whose boobs he's allowed to fondle!
Mayu: We've already gone all the way! Multiple times too! And I'm... I'm able to please him sexually every time!
*I can't believe what's coming out of her mouth...*
*She's so hysteric that, at this point, she's like a runaway train.*
*And worst of all... I think everyone else can hear this, including Dad and Mitsukasa-san.*
Mayu: Right, Satoru-kun?! Say yes! Say it!
Satoru: Hahaha, ha...
Mayu: Come ooooooon!
Kotori: Too bad, Mayu.
Mayu: No, you don't get it! He's just being shy! He's just cute like that sometimes!
Kotori: He really is handsome! *blush*
Mayu: Stop! Don't do that, Kotori! Don't blush at my boyfrieeeeend!
*Well, at the end of the day...*
*The suppression patch was a success, and two best friends were reunited after two years of being apart.*
*I kind of ended up being stuck in-between, though...*
================================================================================
*Honestly, though...*
*I never expected my life to end up like this once I first passed through that gate.*
*One of those unexpected happenings is the new relationship between the SFD and the school.*
Ryuunosuke: I'd like to wait for a more suitable opportunity before revealing this technology to the public.
Ryuunosuke: We should first streamline production and development for mass production and further improvement.
Atsunori: While there are certainly no other Astrals on par with Kotori, control-loss can come in many forms.
Atsunori: Unless we're prepared to handle every possible case, this anti-Astron faction won't let us off.
Ryuunosuke: Which is all the more reason we should continue with...
Atsunori: The same strategy we've been working with.
*In the past, we hid our identity and infiltrated their school.*
*But now, we've formed a new relationship.*
*Of course, it's not a relationship built entirely on trust. Both organizations are trying to negotiate to their advantage.*
*However... now that the development of the suppression patch is in place, their cooperative stance has strengthened.*
*While there won't be any drastic changes to their plans, they'll likely be cooperating in other areas in the future.*
*The most important thing to me amongst all this change, though, is how Nanami and I will proceed from here on out.*
Ryuunosuke: So that's that. Do your best, Satoru.
Satoru: Okay, I'll be off. Nanami'll be with me for a while, but...
Ryuunosuke: She's only there to act as your support. Do your job and don't rely on her for everything.
Ryuunosuke: That includes school. If you don't get good results on your next exams, you're not getting your original wage back.
Satoru: Yes, sir!
*I've been assigned a new position as a special agent for Kikka Academy.*
*My main duties will be bodyguarding and assisting with development.*
*In other words, I'll be working with Mayu-senpai and Kotori-san.*
*Nanami will also be staying at the school for support.*
Nanami: I can help with the bodyguarding and development stuff, but I can't do anything about your punishment.
Satoru: Yeah, I know. I won't pester you about it.
Satoru: You're a grade below me, so I'll have to take care of school stuff on my own.
*I received a huge pay cut as punishment for acting arbitrarily amongst all the other violations.*
*But there was one caveat.*
*If my grades improve, my pay will steadily climb back to its original amount.*
*Basically, this is an act of kindness on Dad's part, giving me a reason to motivate myself from here on out.*
*And I'm very thankful for that.*
*The pay cut is pretty brutal, though... I don't know what I'd do if I wasn't living in the dorms.*
Nanami: You won't just ask Shikibe-senpai since she's a third-year, will you?
Satoru: She's going to be super busy, so I can't possibly bother her with this.
Nanami: W-Well, if you REALLY need some help, then maybe sometimes I can--
Satoru: Above all, if we spend all our time together studying, we won't have any time to flirt.
Nanami: ......
Satoru: Hm? What is it?
Nanami: Nothing, you idiot!
Nanami: Shikibe-senpai's in the courtyard, so get your butt over there!
Satoru: Okay, I'll go... Later then.
Nanami: Yeah, see you later.
*I make my way to the courtyard and find them almost immediately.*
*Two third-year girls are surrounded by other students.*
Mayu: Ah... Satoru-kun!
Kotori: *giggle* There he is, Mayu.
*They smile at me, so I approach them while smiling back.*
*I said I never expected my life to turn out like this, and that's all thanks to these two. They're virtually the very representation of my new life.*
Chisaki: You took way too long to get here, Arihara-senpai!
Satoru: Sorry, I had a little meeting to attend.
Satoru: Why's everyone surrounding the two of them, though?
Kyouhei: Well, kinda hard to not be curious after hearing about what happened and all.
Hazuki: She was hospitalized for two whole years, and only now has she recovered to the point of being able to go to school again...
Kyouhei: Plus she was in her third year when she was hospitalized.
Hazuki: Indeed. None of her classmates remain, which means that she should need to make new acquaintances as soon as possible.
*Kotori-san was forced into a coma for two years because of the lack of cure or treatment options for control-loss.*
*Since it was necessary to keep her situation under wraps, her data was erased from both the school's student database and AIMS.*
*Now that she's recovered, though, her data was immediately restored and officially states that she was hospitalized.*
Chisaki: Oh, but she does have one friend left--Shikibe-senpai! That sure is a good thing, huh?
Hazuki: Indeed. And that allowed us as well to become her friends.
Chisaki: Repeating years sure worked in her favor.
Ayase: I was wondering... did you stay behind at this school just for her, Shikibe-senpai?
Mayu: Hmm, well... ahaha.
Chisaki: Th-That was actually the reason?!
Kyouhei: Come to think of it, Shikibe-senpai's super smart, so she wouldn't be repeating years unless it was a non-academic reason!
Hazuki: You waited all these years for your best friend... Y-You are truly a saint, Senpai!
*Mayu-senpai said it wasn't something that she should bring up herself, so I didn't touch upon it...*
*I didn't think Mitsukasa-san would be the one to, though.*
*I didn't even know that she knew, either. How much information is she actually privy to?*
Kotori: *giggle* You're all such good friends.
Ayase: Yes, but you really should be relaxing right now. You're still recovering, so you shouldn't push yourself too much.
Satoru: Yeah, she's right. Let's sit down at that bench.
Ayase: Take care of her, Arihara-kun. Let's be on our way, Nijouin-san, Suou-kun, Chisaki-san.
Ayase: Goodbye, Shikibe-senpai... Ise-senpai.
Kotori: Thanks.
*Kotori-san spent two years in that capsule, so her strength has deteriorated severely.*
*It's almost a miracle she can walk, which is all the more reason to be careful.*
*Mayu-senpai and I take her to a bench and have her sit.*
Kotori: *giggle* Thanks for lending me your shoulder, Mayu.
Kotori: I can't believe you waited two whole years for me. That's so amazing. I'm so happy.
*She smiles softly, looking truly happy indeed.*
*Kotori-san turned out to be a rather mild-mannered, refined person.*
*She was probably raised in such an environment, being the daughter of the principal. It seems more than fitting.*
Mayu: Of course I would. It was my fault that happened to you...
Kotori: Oh, do I have to say it again? It wasn't your fault.
Kotori: Well, I don't know...
Satoru: Are you sure about that?
Kotori: I mean, I don't want to spit in the face of all she did for me. That'd make me feel bad.
Satoru: Kotori-san...
Kotori: It's really so amazing. I'm so blessed, really. Mayu waited for me all alone... for two years...
Kotori: You did come grumble to me a whole bunch while I was asleep, though.
Mayu: Y-You didn't need to say that!
*Well, I described her as mild-mannered, but there's clearly a subtle hint of snarkiness to her personality...*
Mayu: How was I supposed to know you were able to hear me when you were in a coma? That's not fair...
Kotori: Nothing I can really do about that.
*It certainly was a surprise, and I understand Mayu-senpai's embarrassment.*
*But thankfully, it was also the reason why Mayu-senpai's voice reached her when she first woke up during that incident.*
Kotori: But... I'm sorry for making you go through all that, Mayu.
Mayu: N-No, don't apologize!
Kotori: And sorry for that mean-spirited joke I made after I got cured.
Mayu: You better be sorry!
Mayu: That was the worst time to make a joke like that, Kotori... You're so mean.
Kotori: I had to listen to you boast on end while I was asleep... so I was just so excited to finally see that wonderful boyfriend for myself!
*So that explains the act she put on when she woke up.*
*Yeah, she's definitely a bit snarky...*
*But I guess she wouldn't have been able to lead Mayu-senpai in the past otherwise.*
Kotori: It was kind of frustrating too.
Mayu: Huh?
Kotori: You shot ahead of me while I was asleep.
Mayu: Kotori...
Kotori: You used to always go on about how much you needed me...
Kotori: But you've managed to come so far without me.
Kotori: You're much more of an adult than I am.
Kotori: And that's... thanks to Satoru-kun, isn't it?
Mayu: Yeah, it is, Kotori.
Kotori: You found a way all by yourself.
Kotori: I always saw myself as like your older sister... so it's a bit sad.
Kotori: But I'm also really, really glad for you!
Mayu: Oh, you.
Mayu: Thanks, Kotori. I won't have to rely on you for everything in the future.
Kotori: *giggle* That makes me happier than anything else.
Kotori: Moreso than my own recovery.
Mayu: You should be happy about that too.
Kotori: *giggle* Okay!
*A reunion between best friends after two long years apart.*
*I'm proud and so delighted to have been a part of making this happen.*
*Which is why seeing Kotori-san's smile fills me with joy.*
Kotori: So... Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Oh, yeah. What is it?
Kotori: I just have to know! How did the two of you become a couple?
Satoru: Huh? Well...
Mayu: D-Don't you already know? I, um, talked so much about him when I visited you...
Kotori: All I heard was that he's cute and amazing and kind and likes staring at your boobs.
Satoru: Pff?!
Mayu: O-Oh gosh, I really never did explain how it happened...
Kotori: Come on, tell me! I'm dying to know!
Kotori: Oh, and don't worry. I'm not weirded out by most things.
Mayu: Nothing weird happened!
Mayu: R-Right? Right, Satoru-kun?!
Kotori: Sounds like something did.
Mayu: Will you listen to me!
Kotori: *giggle* Aww, it's okay...
Mayu: Waaaaah!
*Their mental ages should be the same now, but I guess this is how their relationship is going to settle.*
*Well, considering their personalities, I can see why...*
Kotori: So, care to tell me, Satoru-kun?
Satoru: Hrmm... Well, explaining the whole story would take too long, so I'll just sum it up with these words.
Satoru: Circumstances led to me realizing I didn't want to lie to her, if no one else. And it was the same for her.
Kotori: Wow.
Satoru: That was the spark that led to us eventually dating. Right, Mayu-senpai?
Mayu: Y-Yeah, that's it.
Mayu: We were both hiding so much from each other...
Mayu: And we kind of started off our friendship like that... which is why we wanted to do away with that.
Satoru: You played a part in it too, Kotori-san.
Mayu: *giggle* Yep. I didn't want to have any more regrets...
Kotori: Ahh! That's so cool! I was your cupid!
Satoru: Hahaha. Yeah, I suppose you were.
Mayu: We were both cooperating to save you, and well... we got really close in the process, basically.
Mayu: Sort of like, when we... you know, Satoru-kun!
Satoru: Yeah...
Kotori: What?
Mayu: *giggle* Can't tell ya!
*She dodges the question in her usual manner.*
*I almost burst out laughing in spite of myself.*
*But.*
Kotori: Wow, that's mean. I think I deserve to at least hear some things, being the cupid that brought you together.
Mayu,Satoru: Huh?!
*Sh-She's actually pursuing it! None of our other friends ever do that!*
*And considering what we were just talking about, we can't deny her claim!*
Kotori: So what were you referring to?
Mayu: W-Well, um... abhbbhbhbhb.
Satoru: J-Just, um--just normal stuff that couples do!
Satoru: Seriously, Mayu-senpai! Why are you acting so flustered right now?! You flirt brazenly with me in front of all our friends all the time!
*All you're doing is passing on the embarrassment to me!*
Mayu: You don't understand! She's actually being honest!
Mayu: She has no experience, either! She really doesn't know, and that's why she's asking!
Satoru: N-Now that you mention it...
*She's undoubtedly older than me, yet there's a childlike curiosity to the way she's asking us about it.*
Mayu: Plus, when she gets curious about something, she'll pester you for every last detail about it!
Mayu: If I have to explain sex to her...
Mayu: I'll have to reveal every little detail from top to bottom! Ahh, what should I do, Satoru-kuuun!
*There's no way out of this situation; we're completely doomed!*
*She's the principal's daughter and Mayu's best friend, so I knew she'd be different from the rest, but damn, is she formidable!*
*Still, I have no choice but to weasel my way out of this somehow...*
Kotori: I can tell you like each other a whole lot.
Satoru: U-Umm... as I said earlier, basically...
Kotori: Mhm?
Satoru: B-By the way, Kotori-san, isn't it time for your checkup at the research center?
Kotori: You're gonna make me cry.
Satoru: Urk?!
Mayu: S-Satoru-kun, we're just gonna have to do it! I'll explain, Kotori!
Kotori: Go on, go on!
Mayu: Essentially... things like this!
Mayu: *smooch*!
Satoru: Ah?!
*I was wondering what she was going to do, but I really didn't expect the sudden kiss out of nowhere!*
*B-But I get why. A picture is worth a thousand words, so instead of explaining, we can just show her!*
Satoru: (This is definitely better than explaining what sex is in graphic detail... Alright, I'm in!)
Mayu: Mhh, *kiss*... Satoru-kun...
Satoru: *kiss* *lick*!
Mayu: Mhhhh?! *kiss* *slurp*!
*I take the initiative to stave off Kotori-san's further questioning, putting my tongue in Mayu-senpai's mouth and kissing her fervidly.*
Mayu: *kiss* *suck* *kiss* Mh, mhhhh!
Kotori: O-Oh my gosh! Mayu's giving in! She's twitching!
*Please, don't narrate this!*
Satoru: *pant*!
Mayu: Ahh... *pant*... *pant*...
Satoru: Th-That's what she meant!
Kotori: Amazing! You're both sooo mature!
*Her honest reactions are only making this ten times more embarrassing!*
Kotori: I see, I see. Thanks! I get it now.
Satoru: Glad to hear.... phew.
Satoru: M-Mayu-senpai, she's got the picture now, so you can...
Mayu: *pant*... *pant*... Satoru-kun... that kiss was too amazing... You can't just do that to me.
Satoru: ......
Mayu: I'm gonna... lose myself...
Satoru: M-Mayu-senpai! Mayu-senpaaaaaaai?!
Kotori: Couples are incredible...
*After taking Kotori-san to the research center, we went back to the lab and settled down.*
Satoru: Phew...
Mayu: Goodness...
Mayu,Satoru: ......
Mayu: But now that I think about it, Kotori was kind of right. It IS amazing.
Satoru: Yeah... who would've thought that we'd end up in a relationship where we kiss each other like that.
Satoru: You, a researcher stationed at my infiltration destination, and me, a spy on a secret mission...
Mayu: Y-Yeah, but we were classmates at Fuuran way before that.
Satoru: True. That did have a big influence.
Mayu: Mhm. So we're more like, I'd say...
Mayu: Childhood friends that miraculously reunited after many years.
Satoru: It really is amazing.
Mayu: Mhm. And I love you so much.
Satoru: Mayu-senpai.
Mayu: Satoru-kun...
Mayu: *kiss*
*The two of us kiss lightly out of anyone's sight.*
*She touches her lips, savoring the moment, while staring up to me with watery eyes. It's a sight that brings me no small amount of joy.*
Mayu: *giggle* Thanks. I love you.
Satoru: I love you too.
Mayu: I'll make you some coffee.
Satoru: Thanks. Much appreciated.
Mayu: *giggle*
Satoru: Come to think of it, now you'll finally be able to fulfill your promise with Kotori-san.
*It suddenly came to mind, so I bring it up.*
Satoru: At the very least, you'll both be able to graduate.
Mayu: Oh, right. Yeah, we will.
Mayu: Ahaha. It might be an auspicious occasion for Kotori, but I was working as a researcher for most of that time, so it doesn't really feel like a graduation at this point...
Mayu: But...
Satoru: Hm?
Mayu: I absolutely want to keep my promise with Kotori.
Mayu: I got held back for two whole years for this very reason...
*She paces herself back towards me.*
Mayu: But... you know. Um, um... well.
Mayu: My dream isn't... isn't all about following in Kotori's footsteps anymore...
*She then blushes in a familiar manner and stares up at me.*
Mayu: B-Basically, what I'm trying to say is... um...
Mayu: I think! Kotori will accept my decision!
Satoru: ......
*I get it.*
Mayu: I've already repeated two years, so one more year won't--
Satoru: Mayu-senpai.
*I interrupt her before she finishes.*
Mayu: H-Huh?
Satoru: I've decided what I want to aspire for. Or rather... I finally made up my mind.
Satoru: I can't say my pay cut isn't a factor in me wanting to better my grades... but even if that wasn't the case.
Mayu: Y-Yeah?
Satoru: I'm gonna study diligently from now on.
Mayu: ......
Satoru: Up until now, I've never really had a life goal.
Satoru: I just worked as an agent for the SFD, following my dad's orders... So I was never really motivated to study.
Satoru: But it's different now. I've been reunited with you, and we're in a relationship now.
Mayu: S-Satoru-kun?
Satoru: I'll do my best to catch up to you, so I want you to go on ahead... with Kotori-san.
Mayu: Ah...
Satoru: And when I catch up to you... Mayu-senpai.
Mayu: Y-Yes!
Satoru: Will you live with me?
Mayu: Ah!
Satoru: I've found a new goal in life.
Satoru: I want to live with the love of my life.
Mayu: Ngh... Satoru-kun!
*She jumps into my arms, unable to contain herself.*
*She buries her face in my chest...*
Mayu: Yes!
*And nods firmly, sealing the promise.*
Satoru: So, that's the idea. I want to aim to become the kind of person both the SFD and the school can rely on.
Nanami: Surprising to hear that from you... You'll probably have a hard time getting there.
Satoru: I know. I'm not fully convinced I'll be able to do it either.
Nanami: Ahaha. Well, either way, just do your best.
Nanami: Good night.
Satoru: Yeah. Good night.
*I lie down in my bed after returning to my room.*
*Yeah. I gotta do my best, to achieve the future I want.*
Satoru: This might just be the most unexpected change of all, to be honest.
*I get a little sentimental after I turn off the lights.*
*My life has changed in big ways since coming to this school...*
*I found a woman whom I truly love.*
*Thanks to her, I've found a new purpose in life.*
*And I'm not alone. I get to share that dream with another.*
*This is bliss.*
*Had I not come to this school, I never would have found this satisfaction.*
Satoru: *sigh*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Hmm?
*I open my eyes upon hearing sounds coming from my window.*
*Is that... Nanami?*
Mayu: Heeey!
Satoru: Mayu-senpai?!
*I dash to the window and open it wide.*
Mayu: Thanks... Hup! Coming in!
Satoru: D-Did you come down using a rope too?
*That was my initial assumption, but I don't see anything resembling one outside.*
*Actually, her room isn't even above mine, so she couldn't just drop down with a rope.*
*Then how? She didn't seem to have any difficulties doing it whatsoever...*
Mayu: Hm? I just used my ability to make stair-like steps.
Satoru: ......
*That's convenient as hell! Nanami would be so jealous!*
Mayu: I didn't even know I could use my ability to do that either. It's opened up a whole new door of possibilities.
Satoru: Yeah... the way back is a lot easier since you're using stairs, and you can easily make a secret route...
Mayu: The only problem is it's invisible, so it's kind of scary.
Satoru: But... why did you do this?
Mayu: *giggle* You already know.
*She smiles mischievously and straightens her posture.*
*Then proceeds to bow down slowly.*
Mayu: I've come for a nighttime tryst.
Satoru: ......
Mayu: Could you imagine how I felt after hearing you talk so passionately?
Mayu: So, here I am. And it's all your fault, okay?
Mayu: You're the one who's making me come to you at night like this...
Satoru: Pff... ahahah!
*I can't help but burst into laughter.*
*She really is the best girl a man could ask for.*
*I won't get tired of her for the rest of my life.*
Mayu: Wow, don't laugh; that's mean. I went through a lot of effort to do this.
Satoru: Sorry, sorry... but since you're here for a tryst...
Satoru: What are you going to do to me?
Mayu: *giggle* Allow to me to show you...
Mayu: I love you!
*She tackles me with her entire body...*
*Giving all her joy and affection to physical form.*
*I fall backwards onto the bed.*
*.........*
*......*
*...*
Mayu: Ahhh.
*After that, she collapses from exhaustion.*
*I catch her gently... and embrace her lovingly.*
Mayu: Mh... *pant* *pant* Satoru-kun...
Satoru: Mhm. You can sleep in my room tonight.
Mayu: Really?
Satoru: I'm not about to kick out a girl who made love to me so passionately.
Satoru: I'll wipe you clean... hold you all night, and I won't let you go until morning...
Mayu: *pant*... Mhhh... happy to hear...
*We slept snuggled up together the entire night.*
*She looked so fulfilled...*
*And I was probably the same.*
*Our faces might have even stayed that way while we were sleeping.*
================================================================================
*Many months have passed since that memorable morning.*
*Today, on this early spring morning, I'm hurrying towards the school entrance.*
*The air is abuzz with noise, coming from the crowd that's formed in the distance.*
*Some laughing, others sobbing.*
*For today is a special day.*
*It's the last day of school for third-year students.*
*The day we bid them farewell.*
*Graduation day.*
Satoru: Sorry I'm late, you two!
Kotori: Ah, Satoru-ku--
Mayu: You're waaay late!
*Since I fully expected her to leap toward me, I manage to catch her firmly into my arms.*
Mayu: *giggle*
*Once in my arms, I hug her tightly and she hugs me back.*
*While smiling, I peek down and see her eyes drooped in happiness as she looks up at me.*
*It looks like catching her satisfied her enough to make up for my late arrival.*
Mayu: Gosh... You almost had us worried, you know?
Mayu: It wouldn't feel like we graduated if you weren't here to say goodbye to us.
Satoru: Sorry... But I made it, so I'll get to that now.
Satoru: Congratulations on graduating, Mayu-senpai.
Mayu: Thanks, Satoru-kun!
Mayu: I'll be waiting for you.
Satoru: Yeah, I know. I promise I'll catch up to you soon.
Mayu: Then let's seal our vow with a kiss.
Kotori: *giggle* Is that your graduation gift?
Satoru: R-Right. Sorry for ignoring you, Kotori-san.
Mayu: A-Ahaha... Y-Yeah, Satoru-kun needs to congratulate you too.
Kotori: I'm a very patient person, so you can go on.
Kotori: I mean, I did sleep for two whole years waiting for you to save me.
Satoru: I really don't know how to respond when you make those jokes, Kotori-san!
Kotori: Then let's just say that I have the special privilege of getting to watch all of your intimate moments!
Satoru: A little too suggestive!
Mayu: W-Well, if she's okay with it, we might as well, Satoru-kun.
Mayu: So... Mhh!
Satoru: Oh, so you weren't joking about the kiss...
Kotori: Remember how shy and reluctant she used to be?
Mayu: Today is a special day, so it's okay...
Satoru: It feels like every day is a special day.
Mayu: Minor details don't matter.
Satoru: That's blasphemous for a researcher to be saying!
Kotori: We're going to still feel like students for about four years after graduating, so why not?
Mayu: You said it, Kotori.
Kotori: She actually managed to graduate too.
Mayu: Yep. Even if it took me five years.
Mayu: Sooo, now all that's left is to wait for Satoru-kun to catch up to us.
Kotori: My eyes are glued! Go, go!
*It's times like these when the intimacy between best friends shines the most.*
*But right now... I'm the one who wants to get intimate with her.*
Satoru: Alright. Guess all the people around us will just have to deal with it.
Mayu: Ahh!
Satoru: Okay... Close your eyes, Mayu-senpai.
*It wouldn't be quite right to say that I'm not bothered by the fact that people can see us.*
Kotori: *giggle*
*It's just that I want to show someone how happy I'm feeling.*
Mayu: Mhm... Satoru-kun...
*I want her to know that I love her, even if it is a bit embarrassing.*
*And today is a special day: it marks a milestone in our journey together.*
*So I move my lips towards hers...*
Mayu: Mhh...
*And kiss her--symbolizing a new chapter in our lives.*
*Almost as if exchanging a vow, a promise.*
*In their hands, they hold their graduation certificates.*
*Something they worked five long years for...*
Satoru: I'll catch up to you, no matter how many years it'll take.
Mayu: Mhm! But don't keep me waiting too long.
Mayu: Come join me, and then we can...
Satoru: Yeah... We'll drink coffee together every morning.
Mayu: *giggle* It's gonna be so nice, isn't it?
*Separation. Silence. Reluctance. Fear.*
*We've now graduated from all of those phases, with a smile.*
*And soon enough, we'll wake up together every morning, with a smile.*
*I can't wait.*
================================================================================
*A few days later. *
*Early in the morning before class, I received a briefing on the events from several days prior.*
Ryuunosuke: "Once again, I want to thank you. Because of you, the extent of the damage caused by their actions was kept to a bare minimum."
Ryuunosuke: "And Mitsukasa Ayase is completely unharmed as well. A job well done, Levy Six."
Satoru: Thank you. So, did you learn anything about the perpetrators?
Ryuunosuke: "In a way, yes, and in a way, no."
Satoru: That's not much of an answer.
Ryuunosuke: "Well, you can't just politely ask and expect a criminal to fess up."
Satoru: Yeah, I guess they're not amateurs. But why would they want Mitsukasa-san to begin with?
Ryuunosuke: "We're still looking into that, but as of now, we have discovered what organization they're affiliated with."
Satoru: Who are they?
*What he told me was very alarming information.*
*We're dealing with a secret organization of the intelligence bureau that deals in matters concerning Astrals.*
*Furthermore, they're an extremist faction that advocates for regulation of Astrals and astral technology.*
*When living in a city like this, it's easy to forget how just how rampant discrimination against Astrals is across this country.*
*Also, apparently they wanted to use Mitsukasa-san as a sort of "propaganda" to gain widespread support for their policies.*
*I mean... I fully understand what a criminal can do when they have astral abilities.*
*So I'm aware that these negative biases against our kind won't vanish overnight, but that still doesn't mean we can turn a blind eye to these underhanded tactics.*
Ryuunosuke: "At the very least, they're no longer actively targeting her, so you can rest easy now."
Satoru: Thanks.
Ryuunosuke: "With that being said, I hereby relieve you of your mission to protect Mitsukasa Ayase."
Satoru: Understood.
Ryuunosuke: "You did well, Satoru."
Satoru: Thank you.
Ryuunosuke: "However, keep in mind that your spy mission will still continue, so keep studying hard and make it to graduation."
Satoru: Alright.
Ryuunosuke: "I'll call you if there's any new developments."
Ryuunosuke: "But I doubt anything will come soon, so just sit back and relax for now."
Satoru: Okay. Thank you.
*I end the call, then sit down on my bed.*
*If we've dealt a crippling blow to our enemies, it should be safe to conclude that Mitsukasa-san isn't under threat of being attacked anymore.*
*There's also the case of the missing Astrals, which is probably tied to this incident in some way, but I'll let Dad take care of that stuff.*
Satoru: So yeah, we've arrested the people who were after you.
Ayase: Oh, that's good news.
*It's lunch break.*
*I'm giving Mitsukasa-san a brief summary of the report--omitting certain details, of course.*
Ayase: So I can go ahead and assume no one's gonna try and attack me anymore?
Satoru: Sure.
Ayase: Phew... Thank god.
*She heaves a huge sigh of relief.*
Ayase: I mean, I knew you were there to protect me and all, but it was still incredibly stressful.
Ayase: Thankfully that's all over with now.
Satoru: Yeah, finally.
Ayase: Hmm. So I guess this means your mission to protect me is done?
Satoru: Yeah.
*I'd been officially relieved of it.*
Satoru: Still, I'll help if you're ever in danger again. Feel free to tell me if you ever need anything.
Ayase: Will do. Thanks.
Satoru: Alright. I'll see you later.
*With my business taken care of, I should go get something to eat.*
Ayase: Ah--wait a sec.
Satoru: Yeah?
Ayase: What are you gonna do now?
Satoru: Go to the canteens to get lunch. Why do you ask?
Ayase: You know that's not what I meant!
*I don't, actually.*
Ayase: I mean, I thought you came to our school in order to protect me.
Ayase: So what are you gonna do now that your mission's complete?
*Oh, so that's what she was wondering about?*
Satoru: Don't worry. Both me and Nanami are staying till graduation.
Ayase: O-Oh, well good for you. I wasn't concerned or anything.
Satoru: Also, even if I were to run off somewhere, I wouldn't tell anyone about your pads, so you don't have to worry about that either.
Ayase: Thank you so much!
Ayase: If you decided to tell someone on your way out as some sort of "joke," then I'd hunt you down and murder you.
*The expo fair is over, as well as my mission to protect Mitsukasa-san.*
*The only real task at hand is my spy mission, which is essentially nothing but living a normal life as a student here.*
Satoru: Guess I gotta study hard and make it to graduation, like Dad asked.
*My life has always been rather work-focused up to this point, so it's a little hard to adjust to something different.*
*Sure, I learn a lot about astral abilities, but other than that, most of the material I'm being taught here probably won't help me at all in my line of work.*
*So should I really just be kicking it back and taking it easy right now?*
Hazuki: Hm? Ah, Arihara-kun. Why hello there.
*As I'm walking through the hallway lost in thought, I stumble across Nijouin-san.*
Hazuki: What might you be doing here?
Satoru: Just got through talking to Mitsukasa-san. What about you?
Hazuki: I'm currently making my way to the canteens. Have you already eaten lunch yourself?
Satoru: No, actually.
Hazuki: Ah. Would you care to join me then?
*It's been about twenty minutes since lunch break started, and I have no one else to eat with, so why not?*
Satoru: Sure.
Hazuki: Wonderful. I even think I'll show you a special place while we're at it.
*I follow her to the canteen of the first dormitory.*
*Looking around, I see that the place is mostly filled with faculty and researchers instead of students.*
Hazuki: Ah, you chose the duck noodle soup? Quite a nice selection.
Satoru: Your tenzaru soba looks pretty good too.
Hazuki: Indeed. The food selection in this canteen is full of rather simple and refined dishes, which is why many of the academy's faculty prefer it.
*She has a point; the food here seems to favor quality over quantity. I can certainly see why older folks would like this.*
*You don't think about it really, but we students aren't the only ones who eat lunch here. The canteens are open to faculty and researchers as well.*
Hazuki: I often chat with the fine folks from the campus security here.
Satoru: Oh, is that how you got into helping out with their patrols?
Hazuki: Well, it would be more apt to say that I simply listened to their problems and decided to offer my assistance.
Hazuki: Well, that is enough talking, I think. Let us eat.
*I pinch one of the noodles soaked in the hot, savory soup with my chopsticks and bring it to my mouth.*
*The taste of the duck is strong, but not overbearing. It's just right.*
Satoru: Whoa, this is pretty good.
Hazuki: Isn't it? I just love the food they serve here.
Satoru: But don't you usually go to dorm four's canteen?
Hazuki: W-Well, I am a girl for what it's worth, so I'd rather not have people think I have the taste of an old man. I want to be like my peers.
Hazuki: This is my go-to place whenever I must eat alone, you see.
Satoru: Oh, really? So I take it you like Japanese food?
Hazuki: Well, I certainly have nothing against eating western or Chinese food, but traditional dishes are my favorite.
Hazuki: Soy sauce, miso, hot udon noodles, and gorgeous white rice. Truly, that is the perfect Japanese meal!
*The fervor in her explanation makes me chuckle a little.*
Hazuki: Wh-Why are you laughing?! Was there something odd about what I just said?
Satoru: Oh, no no. I just thought it was a little funny 'cause it's such a you thing to say.
Hazuki: Urk. I still get the feeling you're making sport of me...
Satoru: I'm not, I swear. I just think the whole traditional look fits you perfectly.
Hazuki: O-Oh! Well, thank you kindly.
*She eats her sauce-coated tempura shrimp gracefully. I have to say, that looks pretty good too.*
Hazuki: Ah, I almost forget to ask. Do you have any plans for the upcoming weekend, by any chance?
Satoru: Nope, not really.
*I don't have to bodyguard Mitsukasa-san anymore, so quite frankly, I don't know what to do with my free time.*
Hazuki: A-Ah, okay.
Satoru: You have anything planned?
Hazuki: Well, you see, I was just thinking... if you don't mind, I'd like for you to go out with me.
Satoru: Huh?
Hazuki: Th-Th-Th-That came out wrong!
*She's visibly flustered.*
Hazuki: Please don't misinterpret that! I wasn't asking if you wanted to go out with me in a romantic way, or anything of the sort!
Hazuki: All I was wondering was if you'd like to accompany me as I do some shopping, that is all!
Satoru: What kind of shopping?
Hazuki: Next week is my father's birthday, so I need to find a present to give him.
Hazuki: I'd always simply asked my mother for ideas, but this year, I'd like to be a bit more thoughtful with my gift.
Hazuki: The only problem being that I'm not confident in my ability to choose on my own, so I was hoping that having a fellow man along would aid me.
*Hmm. So she wants my advice on what to get her dad for his birthday.*
Hazuki: I don't want to bother you if you have someone else you'd rather spend your weekend with, however. If you have a girlfriend or someone you're close with, feel free to decline.
Satoru: I don't have anyone like that, sadly enough.
Hazuki: You truly don't? I was fairly certain that you were in some sort of relationship with Shikibe-senpai, though.
Hazuki: C-Considering those... lewd things you were doing with her that one time.
Satoru: I told you, that's not what we were doing!
Hazuki: A-Alright then.
Hazuki: But you can decline if you truly don't want to go. It's a bit of a selfish request on my part, I realize.
Satoru: Oh, no. I don't mind it one bit.
Satoru: I thought I'd just be sitting bored in my room all weekend, so I'd be glad to go with you.
Hazuki: A-Ah! Thank you, truly, Arihara-kun!
*She smiles from ear to ear.*
Hazuki: We're set for next Saturday then!
Satoru: Yep.
Hazuki: Ah. You'd better remember to submit your notification to leave the campus, alright?
*Even when she's just talking with a friend, she doesn't forget her duties as dorm manager.*
================================================================================
*Saturday comes, and I ride the lightrail to the shopping mall with Nijouin-san.*
Hazuki: Hrmm. What would he like...
*Our local shopping mall is multi-floored.*
*We've been checking out shops on the floor dedicated to men's stuff, but so far, still haven't found anything.*
Satoru: What about a tie, a necktie, or a handkerchief? Can't go wrong with those.
Hazuki: That is true.
Hazuki: However, I've already given him all of those in years past.
Hazuki: The necktie I gave him three years ago is still his favorite, and the fountain pen I gave him last year he always carries on him.
*Wow. He must really love his daughter.*
Satoru: So I guess that means we're gonna have to think a little out of the box.
Hazuki: Right. Therein lies my problem. Giving him something I'd given him before would be rude, and I simply can't think of anything else...
*So we'll probably want to go with something practical, or something that'll surprise him.*
Satoru: What does your dad do for a living anyways?
Hazuki: He's a police officer.
Hazuki: As was my grandfather. It's something of a family tradition that's been going on for generations now.
Satoru: Now that you mention it, I think Kyouhei mentioned that to me once.
*Something about a honorable and ancient lineage, if I recall? This must've been what he was referring to.*
Hazuki: I didn't exactly go around boasting of it to everyone, but it seems to have spread anyhow.
Hazuki: A number of people are even afraid of me because of it.
Hazuki: It's silly, though. Being the daughter of a police officer doesn't give me the ability to have anyone I dislike arrested, and I'm not going to tattle to my father for every little thing I see--not that he'd be able to do anything even if I did.
Satoru: Well, people do say that the police and their families get special treatment. If anything happened, it'd be easy to cover up.
Hazuki: How dare you! Neither me nor my father would ever do something so despicable.
Hazuki: If I ever caught wind of someone trying to "cover" up some sort of injustice, I'd simply expose them to the world! Hmph.
Satoru: O-Okay, I get it. Calm down.
*We've attracted quite a few stares.*
Hazuki: Urk. My apologies. I got a bit too agitated.
Hazuki: The blind self-interest and greed of a small few in the police force tarnishes the reputation of all officers, so I just get unnecessarily upset when I hear things like that.
Satoru: I guess it happens in a lot of professions.
*You'll always get a few bad apples in any group of people.*
Hazuki: Well, back to the issue at hand. What should I give my father as a present?
Satoru: Hmm, so I have a bit of an idea.
Satoru: Workplaces usually have a bunch of dumb rules about what you can have on you, what you can wear, and so on, so he probably doesn't need anything to use at work.
Satoru: So why not give something he can use when he's off the clock?
Hazuki: What do you mean by that?
Satoru: Y'know, like nail clippers or a coin case.
Hazuki: Ah. I hadn't thought of it from that perspective.
*I can see a twinkle in her eyes.*
Hazuki: Alright! Let's check the stores on this floor one more time!
Hazuki: Ah, I'm so glad that I found something nice for him!
*After looking around again, she finally found a leather coin case and settled on that.*
Satoru: Did my suggestion help any?
Hazuki: Why, of course! I was able to find this fine item solely because of your sound advice.
Hazuki: Truly, I cannot thank you enough!
Satoru: E-Er, don't sweat it.
*She looks awfully cute when she smiles like that.*
*Man, this is kinda weird.*
Hazuki: Oh, would you like something to eat? I'll pay. It's the least I can do to express my thanks.
Satoru: Thanks, but I'm fine. The sentiment is more than enough.
Hazuki: Please, I insist! Gratitude is something which must be expressed in the moment, otherwise it disappears into the wind.
Hazuki: Or would you prefer that I be ill-mannered and crude?
*Her defiant smile says it all; she doesn't take without giving, so saying no to her here would bring her shame. *
Satoru: You and your manners.
Hazuki: It's in my nature. So will you please allow me to thank you properly?
Satoru: Sure. I'll think about what I want while we walk.
Hazuki: Great!
*With that, we make towards the floor where the food court is located.*
Hazuki: Hmm?
Satoru: What's wrong?
Hazuki: O-Oh, it's nothing. Let's be on our way.
*For a moment, something seemed to have caught her attention.*
*Looking in that direction, I see what exactly it was.*
Satoru: What the heck is that?
*It looks like a weird fish with poppy eyes wearing a traditional hakama, and it even has what I assume is a toy katana by its hip. Pretty bizarre.*
Hazuki: Have you truly not heard of him? That's Chinonosuke, the mascot of Washizu city.
Hazuki: The city is largely famous for its academy, but it's also famous for the blackhead seabream harvested on its shores. And the one who trained them to be such exemplary samurai is none other than Chinonosuke!
*She picks up a fish plushie from the stand and keeps rambling.*
Hazuki: See, Chinonosuke is a loyal warrior of justice.
Hazuki: According to legend, he sacrificed himself by becoming the best sashimi dish that ever existed in order to make the lord of opulence change his ways, thus showing him the importance of simplicity!
Satoru: Err, it actually has a legend?
Hazuki: Well, not a real one, of course.
*Impressive.*
Hazuki: Still, do you not think that we could all learn from his undying devotion?
Satoru: Y-You see a lot of that in historical plays, I guess.
*It's a pretty common theme in samurai plays about loyalty and bushido. The forty-seven ronin, for example, is a pretty popular one.*
*Though this is the first time I've heard of a samurai cutting himself up into sashimi to protect his honor.*
Hazuki: Samurai work tirelessly for the community and are always ready to use their weapons to vanquish evil wherever it might appear.
Hazuki: I raise you this notion: are police officers not the samurai of modern times?!
Satoru: Uhh, I guess?
Hazuki: That is precisely why I feel such an affinity for Chinonosuke's loyalty!
Hazuki: Additionally, just look at him. Is he not the cutest thing you've ever laid eyes upon?
*I eye him appraisingly.*
Satoru: ......
Hazuki: Ah--don't think I didn't notice that! Why are you squinting at him like that? He's cute! Cute! 
Satoru: Er... it's a fish, though.
Hazuki: So what if he is? All fish are cute.
Satoru: But their eyes are all big and beady... It's kinda creepy.
Hazuki: Wh-What did you just say?!
Hazuki: Do you mean to imply that I'm some sort of freak for finding enjoyment in admiring my goldfish for hours on end?
*Well, it's definitely not normal.*
Hazuki: W-Well, no matter. This only means that you've yet to learn of Chinonosuke's greatness.
Hazuki: Thus, this stuffed toy is now yours!
*After saying that, she hands me a fairly large plushie.*
Satoru: That's WAY too big for me!
Hazuki: Do not be shy! I bestow upon you this magnificent specimen.
Satoru: Err, that'll look a little tacky in my room...
Hazuki: He's not tacky. He's CUTE!
Satoru: Um, okay.
*Well, I got her upset now.*
Hazuki: Perhaps you have a point. It may be embarrassing for a boy of your age to keep stuffed toys in his room.
Hazuki: When giving gifts, one should always be mindful of the recipient's circumstances.
Satoru: Yeah, I agree.
Hazuki: Very well! I shall settle with giving you this key chain instead.
Satoru: Thanks, I guess...
*I'm getting the fish either way, it seems.*
Satoru: Man, this is pretty good.
*We found a nice shop near the entrance of the mall and I got a chocolate banana crepe.*
*Every bite just melts in my mouth. It's honestly really delicious.*
Hazuki: Are you sure this was all you wanted?
Hazuki: You could have gotten yourself a full meal, like pork rice or curry. I would have perfectly fine with that.
Satoru: Nah, I'm good.
*I just gave her a bit of advice, that's all. I'd feel bad taking anything more.*
Hazuki: I truly do apologize.
Satoru: For what?
Hazuki: Well, I'm not very good at picking up on social cues, so I must have bored you to tears during this whole excursion.
Satoru: I wasn't bored at all.
Satoru: I had fun, plus I got to learn more about you.
Hazuki: Wh-What?
Satoru: Y'know, the whole thing with Chinonosuke.
Hazuki: O-Oh, that. I can't deny that I do like historical plays...
Satoru: He is a bit tacky, though.
Hazuki: No, he is not.
*She remains stubborn about that.*
Satoru: I remember we talked about historical plays and whatnot before, but I don't think you ever told me how you got into them in the first place.
Hazuki: Hahaha. That would be due to my father, in large part.
Hazuki: He is quite a big fan himself. The Oni Detective Crime Files and The Wild Shogun were originally items from his collection.
Satoru: So you used to watch them with him and grew to love 'em yourself?
Hazuki: *giggle* That is right.
*So her father is a police officer, and also is a big fan of historical plays? Sounds about right.*
Hazuki: The two I mentioned just now are about good prevailing over evil, for example.
Hazuki: Their message truly struck a chord with me as a child. I fell in love with them almost instantly.
Hazuki: Back then, my dream was to become a police officer when I grew up.
Satoru: Do you not want to anymore?
Hazuki: I'm an astral user, not to mention a woman.
Hazuki: The police are a very conservative organization. I doubt they would accept someone like me as one of their own.
Hazuki: My father has always told me how hard it is.
*I actually have heard stories about how difficult it is to be hired as a police officer if you're an Astral.*
*Police have the authority to arrest people, so having what are essentially super powers on top of that complicates things. Just imagine what a corrupt officer could do if they had an astral ability.*
Hazuki: I'm nowhere near as perfect as he is.
Satoru: Don't put yourself down like that. I think you have everything it takes.
Hazuki: *giggle* I appreciate it. However, my father truly is a great man. I could never hope to fill his shoes.
Hazuki: He's the deputy commissioner, after all. The highest position aside from the police commissioner themselves.
Satoru: Whoa, that's amazing.
Hazuki: I've accepted that surpassing his legacy is near impossible, so now I'm no longer set on becoming a police officer when I grow older.
Hazuki: Rather, I want to find a job that allows me to make a positive difference in the world and live up to my father's good name.
*A positive difference in the world...*
*I wonder if the work I do qualifies as that, in a way?*
Satoru: You really are such an honest and upright person. I guess your dad must've had a huge influence on you.
Hazuki: To an extent, yes he did, but there is someone who influenced me more than him.
Satoru: Who would that be?
Hazuki: Did I not mention him to you before? The shogun in shining armor, of course!
Satoru: Pfft!
*Oh, I remember now.*
*That person she's talking about... yeah, it's probably me.*
Hazuki: He was no older than I was at the time, yet he stood tall and brave in the face evil, despite the fact that his foes were adults twice his size.
Hazuki: I couldn't help but admire his heroism.
Hazuki: By now, he's likely grown into a wonderful person who continues to help others day in and day out.
*I think you're giving him a bit too much credit, and that's coming from the man himself.*
Hazuki: I'm certain he must enjoy riding his magnificent steed along the sandy beaches whenever the weather is fine like it is today.
Satoru: Err, highly unlikely. I think you've just been watching too many of those shows.
Hazuki: C-Can I not at least have dreams?
*Dreams of what exactly?*
Hazuki: You would most certainly understand what I mean if you watched The Wild Shogun too.
Satoru: Doesn't the lead actor of that show appear in The Tokugawa Records too?
Hazuki: Oh, have you seen it before?
Satoru: Nah, I'm just familiar with the name.
Hazuki: Then allow me to lend you it! I have the full DVD collection in my room. You simply must watch it.
Satoru: O-Okay, but you don't have to get in my face though.
*She apparently didn't even notice it.*
Hazuki: M-My apologies. The topic gets me so worked up that I lose my head at times.
Hazuki: This is essentially my one and only hobby, so I simply wanted to share it with you in the hopes that you might come to appreciate it too...
Satoru: ......
Hazuki: W-Wait, what in the world am I saying?!
Hazuki: Forget all that you just heard.
*Eh, what the hell.*
*If it means that much to her, I guess it wouldn't hurt watching some new stuff.*
Satoru: Nijouin-san.
Hazuki: Y-Yesh?!
Satoru: Would you be willing to lend me some of your DVDs?
Hazuki: Do you truly want to? You don't have to watch them out of consideration for me.
Satoru: I'm genuinely interested.
*I may not know what her fascination with them is, but I am curious to know.*
*Maybe I'll end up seeing what's so great about them if I just give them a try.*
Hazuki: A-Ah, okay then! I'll prepare an assortment of some of my favorites for you!
*The smile on her face is pure and honest.*
Hazuki: I had so much fun today.
*We're on the way back home, and she still seems to be in high spirits.*
Hazuki: My apologies for taking so much time out of your day for this.
Satoru: Nah, it's all good. I had plenty of fun too.
Hazuki: Truth be told, I was a bit unsure at first if this would go well.
Hazuki: I didn't know if we would be on the same wavelength, or if I should have asked someone else to help me.
Satoru: I think you just worry too much.
Satoru: Isn't it usually the man who worries about those things when going out somewhere with a girl?
Hazuki: No, that's the wrong attitude.
Hazuki: While gender equality has come a long way, there are still far too many people who espouse those ideals yet take advantage of inequalities when it benefits them.
Hazuki: In order to achieve a true gender-equal society, we women must be prepared to help shoulder all of the societal expectations that were once only tasked to men.
Hazuki: I don't want to be the kind of selfish, opportunistic person who welcomes sexist traditions that benefit me while decrying those that don't.
*She's really staunch when it comes to her values.*
Hazuki: Ah, forgive me. Could you wait here for a moment?
Satoru: Here? As in right here?
*We're in the middle of the sidewalk.*
*However, she's fidgeting around and looks rather restless for some reason.*
Hazuki: Err, I can wait until we reach the train station, but I kind of have to go...
Satoru: Go where?
Hazuki: U-Urk... I-It's a bit too embarrassing for me to say aloud...
Satoru: Oh, you need to go to the bathroom? There's a coffee shop nearby, so I'll wait over there while you go.
Hazuki: Y-You fool! Why would you say that aloud?!
Hazuki: Have a bit of tact, would you?
Satoru: Err... I guess I should say the "girl's room" instead of "bathroom"?
Hazuki: Y-Yes, that would be better.
Satoru: Sorry about that, Nijouin-san.
Hazuki: Um, I'm not upset or anything. It's just that, well, you know...
Satoru: Yeah, I'll try to think before I speak in the future. I'm guessing that's what you want to say?
Hazuki: Something like that. O-Oh, and by the way...
Satoru: Thanks for forgiving me.
Hazuki: No, err, I-I truly don't mind, so...
Satoru: You're too kind. Look, you can admit it; I know I said something insensitive.
Hazuki: I-It wasn't a big deal, but I really can't wait any longer...
Satoru: Huh? Oh, sorry. Go on to the bathroom then.
Hazuki: Nghhh! You said it AGAIN!
*She rushes into the coffee shop, her face bright red.*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Man, I screwed up big time.
*I totally embarrassed her.*
*Seriously, I need to get better about what I say around women.*
*Nanami got on my case for that not long ago, as a matter of fact.*
Satoru: Ah, there you are.
Nanami: Oh, hi, Satoru-kun. What's wrong?
*It was after school, and I'd just bumped into her in the dorm lobby.*
Satoru: Er, I happened to find a little something while I was sorting through our moving boxes.
Satoru: Is this yours?
*After making sure the coast is clear, I show her a piece of dainty fabric.*
Nanami: Wh-Wha--?! That's... my--
Satoru: It must've gotten mixed in with my stuff while were packing. I figured you might need it, so I wanted to give it back to you as soon as possible.
*The "fabric" in question was a pair of panties. Light pink with white stripes.*
Nanami: Y-You IDIOT! Could you seriously not have found a better way to give it back to me?!
Satoru: I mean, we're the only two here right now. I made sure to check.
Nanami: That's NOT the issue! It's incredibly embarrassing for me to just take it out of your hands like this!
Satoru: Then what do you want me to do?
Nanami: W-Well, I don't know... you could secretly put it in my room while I'm not in there.
Satoru: You want me to break into your room?
Nanami: O-Okay, maybe not that, but you could've put it inside my bag while I'm not looking or something.
Satoru: Yeah, I guess I could've.
Nanami: *sigh*... You really need to have a little more tact around women, you know?
Nanami: You're gonna make your crush hate you if you keep doing stuff like that.
Satoru: I don't have a "crush" or anything like that.
Nanami: Even if you don't, you might get one in the future!
Nanami: My point is that you're bad with girls. Go study some more!
Satoru: She was absolutely right.
*Back when I was at Furan, I didn't have the time for girls.*
*And after Dad took me in, my life was nothing but work. That's all I was ever worried about.*
*However, now part of my mission is to live as a normal school student.*
*Once it's over, though, I'll have to say goodbye to this life.*
*What point would there even be in me trying to learn how to act around girls so I can get chummy with them and get a girlfriend?*
*Do I stand to gain anything from it?*
*I honestly don't feel like I do.*
Satoru: ......
*But whenever I look at Nijouin-san, I feel something fuzzy welling up inside me.*
*She's a very straightforward person, and I have no doubt that she owes it to her parents.*
*It's really rare to find an Astral that's so determined about what they want to do and how they want to live despite society's fear of us.*
*To me, she shines like a beacon of hope.*
*I don't know what it is.*
*But I just kind of want her to like me.*
*And I'll need to take Nanami's words to heart if I want to avoid upsetting her.*
Satoru: Tact, huh?
*I think I'll try reforming myself a little.*
*While musing to myself, I continue to wait outside the coffee shop...*
Hazuki: Ahhhhhhhhhh!
*When suddenly, I hear a high-pitched scream from inside the store.*
Satoru: Wh-What happened?!
*All the customers inside are likewise started by the shriek. It seems to have come from the bathroom.*
*Right as I'm about to run inside, I see Nijouin-san open the bathroom door and rush out.*
*She comes my way looking as grim as a grave.*
Hazuki: Urk...
Satoru: A-Are you okay?
*She's soaking wet to the point that you'd think someone just dumped a bucket of water over her head.*
Hazuki: I was washing my hands, but the faucet just flew off and water sprayed all over me.
Satoru: Seriously?! That's crazy.
Hazuki: I know. When I tried twisting it, it suddenly popped out from the base! Did they build that thing right?
Satoru: The coffee shop doesn't look that old, so I doubt it's some sort of hardware defect.
Satoru: Maybe you used your ability without realizing?
*She can manipulate water, so perhaps that caused it?*
Hazuki: I did not! I'm an innocent victim!
Satoru: But it didn't just break, it literally flew off from the base, right? That doesn't sound like any normal malfunction.
Hazuki: You do raise a valid point, I suppose.
*What the heck happened in there?*
Hazuki: Urk, my clothes are all soppy and sticky.
Satoru: Can't you evaporate the water?
Hazuki: I could, yes, but I would really rather not use my powers in the middle of town.
*Her abilities do have a wide area of effect.*
*If she isn't careful, there could be unforeseen consequences.*
Hazuki: I was having a wonderful day, and now this had to happen and ruin it. Ah, a-achoo!
Satoru: Let's just get out of here before you catch a cold.
Hazuki: Right.
*It's definitely not normal for a faucet to just pop off like that with such force.*
*Whatever the case, there's a good chance her astral ability played some part in it.*
*If so... I should report this to Dad.*
================================================================================
*It's been a few days since I went to the mall with Nijouin-san.*
*I did report the faucet incident to Dad, but his response was just "Don't report little immature pranks to me."*
*To be fair, he has a point.*
*It's possible she just lost control of her ability, but that's mere speculation on my part.*
*All we can do is wait and see if it happens again.*
Satoru: Phew. I think this is good enough.
*I overslept yesterday and skipped my morning jog, so I ran a longer distance today to compensate.*
*Staying fit is essential for the work that I do.*
*It's said that it takes three days to make up for one day of missed exercise, so I can't afford to slack.*
Satoru: Hm?
*All of a sudden, I see something white out of the corner of my eye, which stops me in my tracks.*
*The cameras don't have vision of that area, and you rarely if ever see students there.*
Satoru: Don't tell me those goons are after Mitsukasa-san again?!
*It's either an intruder, or a student using the privacy to do something they shouldn't be.*
*Whatever the case, this can't be ignored.*
Satoru: Let's go check this out.
*I slowly approach the person with gentle, silent steps.*
? ? ?: I know that you are there! Surrender peacefully and no one has to get hurt.
Satoru: (Wha--?!)
*Suddenly, I'm addressed by a stern voice. A cold sweat run down my spine.*
*Did they hear me?!*
Satoru: (No, wait.)
*I've heard that voice somewhere before...*
*I peek out to see the owner of the imposing voice and find that it's none other than--*
Villain Hazuki: Hngh. How did you notice my presence?
Shogun Hazuki: Heh. The moonlight illuminates all of this town's deeds. I see that Edo has a stray dog problem.
Villain Hazuki: Trespassing into my residence in the dead of the night is a grave offense! Who do you think you are, criminal scum?!
Satoru: (What on earth is she doing?)
*My best guess is that she's reenacting a favorite scene from one of those shows behind some trees, and away from the security cameras.*
Shogun Hazuki: Heh. We saw one another but the other day. Surely you've not forgotten my face already, have you?
Villain Hazuki: What?! I-It cannot be! Your Excellency?!
Shogun Hazuki: Your terrible misdeeds will not go unpunished. If you still wish to retain any honor to thy name, then offer up your life now!
Villain Hazuki: Hah... Hahaha! You cannot fool me. Who are you to say that you're my lord? You're naught but a cowardly impostor!
Villain Hazuki: Come, my loyal guards! Apprehend this scoundrel!
*Her passionate acting faithfully matches what I saw out of the lead actor in the show she lent me last time, The Wild Shogun.*
*Damn, she's kinda cool.*
Shogun Hazuki: La-da-da! La-da-da la-da-da la-dah-daaah!
Satoru: (Oh man, she's humming a theme song now.)
*Not even a second later, though, she starts swinging around her umbrella like a sword. *
Shogun Hazuki: Hah! Hyaah! Hnghh!
Shogun Hazuki: Hoh! Heyah! Hnnnngh!
*At first, it feels a little cringey.*
*But eventually, I begin to notice that her sword skills are actually pretty legit.*
*Watching her is so entertaining. Honestly, she wouldn't even appear out of place in one of those shows she loves so much.*
Shogun Hazuki: Hngh! Hyah! Hryaaah!
Shogun Hazuki: Judgment has been dealt!
*Oh, that was the final move.*
*She strikes a pose and theatrically puts the umbrella into its (non-existent) scabbard.*
Hazuki: Phew. That was very satisfying!
Hazuki: Wait--huh?!
*Oh, shit!*
*I was so focused on watching her that I forgot to hide, and her eyes just met mine.*
Hazuki: What?! WHAT?! Wh-Wh-Why are you here?!
Satoru: E-Err, hey there? Good morning.
Hazuki: Ah, good morning to you--Wait, no! Now is not the time for greetings!
Hazuki: D-Did you see all of that? You did, didn't you?!
Satoru: Nope. Didn't see a thing.
Hazuki: YOU LIAR! I saw you avert your eyes! Look me in the eye and repeat that!
Satoru: L-Look, calm down. I only saw part of it.
Hazuki: Ah, okay... So around where did you begin watching?
Satoru: Uhh, I think it was when you said to the enemy "I know you're there!" or something?
Hazuki: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh?!
*She falls to the ground agonizingly.*
Hazuki: That WAS all of it!
Hazuki: Ahhhh! I'll never live down the shame!
Hazuki: I specifically came here because I knew there wouldn't be any passersby and the cameras wouldn't see me! I thought I had privacy!
Hazuki: And it had to be YOU of all people?! I can't go on living--I can't. Death is the only way to rid myself of this shame.
Satoru: W-Wait! Calm down!
Hazuki: It's fine. Have mercy on me. At least allow me to die with a shred of my honor still intact.
*Still on the ground, she writhes in agony.*
Satoru: Please don't joke about something like that.
Hazuki: Urk. But you--you saw me... saw me doing...
Satoru: Don't be embarrassed. That sword fight was really cool.
Hazuki: Do you mean that?
Satoru: Oh, yeah. You were so agile and graceful you almost looked like the shogun from that show.
Hazuki: Y-Yes! Of course I did! I studied that show religiously and did my best to recreate the scene!
Hazuki: So if you recognized it--does that mean you watched it for yourself?!
Satoru: Yeah. It was way better than I expected.
*I've always been under the impression that historical dramas were only watched by old folks, but I couldn't have been more wrong.*
*It's actually high-quality entertainment that anyone of any age can get invested into. Each episode is an hour-long roller coaster of emotions.*
*The more I watched, the more I discovered their distinct appeal.*
Hazuki: Oh, I'm so glad! The shogun was quite cool, was he not?
Satoru: Yeah. Honestly, I think your display just now was on par with his fight scenes in the show.
Hazuki: O-Oh, stop it. You're going to make me blush...
Hazuki: Me? On par with the shogun? I don't even know what to say to that!
*Her face is so bright red you'd think a guy just confessed to her.*
*I didn't expect the comparison to make her so happy.*
Satoru: Just promise me you won't joke about killing yourself because of the shame again.
Hazuki: W-Well, I see that you comprehend the magnificence of the shogun as well, and you didn't ridicule me over it, so I'll live for now.
Satoru: You WOULD kill yourself if I teased you over it?
Hazuki: Why of course! It'd be certain death!
Satoru: You were just reenacting a scene from the show. I don't think it's that big of a deal, to be honest.
Hazuki: Don't you dare! You'd better not tell a soul about this!
Satoru: I won't.
Hazuki: Can I truly trust you?
*Wow... The doubt in her eyes couldn't be more obvious.*
Hazuki: L-Look, alright? Most of what you saw also doubled as mental training.
Satoru: Mental training? For what, even...
Hazuki: Well, in the event that I stumble across some evildoer and conflict cannot be reasonably avoided!
Satoru: Uhh, okay?
Hazuki: After all, the world is teeming with unscrupulous profiteers whose heinous deeds threaten the peace of our nation!
*That sounds awfully specific, but I still doubt any of those moves she was "practicing" would be of any use in a real fight.*
*Though people do tend to freeze in fear when suddenly put in a life-threatening situation.*
*I guess it is important to imagine yourself in those scenarios so that you can minimize the effects of that primal fear, in a sense.*
Hazuki: Ah, I just thought of a splendid idea. Why don't you join me in my training?
Satoru: Err, I'll pass. That's way too embarrassing for me to do.
Hazuki: Hey! You just told me a second ago that it WASN'T embarrassing!
Satoru: Sorry. I'm just... not very good at fighting.
*She still doesn't appear convinced.*
Hazuki: That is a lie for sure. You can't fool my eyes.
Hazuki: The way you conduct yourself has been bothering me for some time.
Hazuki: Everything you do is very meticulous--from the way you observe your surroundings, to the way you interact with them. You don't give the impression of a regular student.
Hazuki: At first I thought that possibly you'd received training in martial arts, but after thinking about it again, that can't be the case.
Hazuki: Essentially, you have a peculiar air about you.
Hazuki: A solider, a member of some secret service, or perhaps even something like a CIA agent. That is how I would describe it.
*Her words catch me completely by surprise, but I manage to keep a poker face.*
Satoru: I feel like you think a little too highly of me. I'm just a bit shy, that's all.
Hazuki: Hmm? Well, no matter. That question isn't of any importance to me.
Hazuki: Would you care to show me a bit of shadow boxing, though, at the very least?
Satoru: For what purpose?
Hazuki: You witnessed me doing something ridiculously embarrassing, it only stands to reason that you reciprocate!
*I guess something like an equivalent exchange.*
Satoru: What if I don't want to?
Hazuki: I will get positively upset.
*She puffs out her cheeks.*
*To be quite honest, it isn't in my best interest to go along with this.*
*I can't afford to have my cover blown, so I should just deny categorically.*
*But... For some reason, I don't want to make her upset.*
Satoru: Just so you know, I never really trained formally, so it's not gonna look pretty or anything.
Hazuki: You will show me?
Satoru: Only a little bit.
*I assume a stance and put up my fists.*
Hazuki: Ohh!
*I'll just pretend I'm fighting those men in black suits from the other day.*
*Imagining them in front of me with their guns drawn, I move in with my fists.*
Satoru: Hmph!
*First, I aim for the torso, then rotate into a front kick and follow up with a backhand blow to the jaw.*
Satoru: Ngh... Take this!
*I finish it out with a roundhouse kick to the neck.*
Satoru: *pant* Was that good enough?
*That performance was an original take on karate that I developed to better suit real life combat situations.*
*It looks pretty plain and boring as a result, in my opinion, but she wanted to see it.*
Hazuki: ......
*She stands completely still with her mouth agape.*
Hazuki: When did you learn to fight like that?
Satoru: Err, I guess when I was a kid? I got in fights a lot. It's kinda hard to remember "when" exactly; I never kept track.
*I never really studied under anyone. It's just a self-made style I picked up after getting in god knows how many fights.*
Hazuki: There's something I'd like to ask you about.
Hazuki: By chance, did you ever save a girl from a group of bad men when you were younger?
*Urk... D-Did that little display jog her memory?*
*Is she now considering the possibility that I might be her childhood hero?*
Satoru: Hmm, I don't remember.
*There's no real reason I can't tell her the truth.*
*Knowing how much of a rascal I was as a kid won't lead to her finding out about my work as a secret agent.*
*But despite that--I still lied.*
Hazuki: Ah. Nevermind then.
*I know exactly why I did: guilt.*
*I'm not the kind of righteous hero she thinks I am.*
*I was a bitter, resentful person back then. I hated anyone and everything.*
*And I took out all that stress and anger on anyone that crossed my path.*
*I didn't fight off those people to "save" her.*
*What they were doing just pissed me off so I wanted to beat the shit out of them.*
*However, if she knew the truth of it... that precious memory of hers would be tainted forever.*
Hazuki: By the way, my father loved the present that you helped me select.
Hazuki: Once again, I truly appreciate it. I never would have found something so wonderful without you.
*She quickly changes the subject before things get awkward.*
Satoru: Don't mention it. I didn't do anything special.
Hazuki: Can I come to you if I ever need help with something again?
Satoru: Sure. I'll gladly help if I'm not too busy.
Hazuki: *giggle* Thank you!
Hazuki: Also, if you liked those samurai shows I lent you, I have plenty more!
Hazuki: Three that I would recommend are The Oni Detective Crime Files, Killer Trio, and The Times of Kintaro! Ah, and if you don't mind older ones, The Edo Files and The Executioners are two very good ones!
Satoru: Cool. I'll watch the ones you recommend first.
Hazuki: Alright! I'll bring them to your room later today.
*She finally gets up, looking much happier now.*
================================================================================
Satoru: *yawn*... I'm so sleepy.
*Yesterday's investigation turned up nothing.*
*I think about the situation a bit as I get ready for my morning jog.*
Satoru: Why did the faucet just pop off?
*My mind immediately wanders to the incident that happened when I went shopping with Nijouin-san.*
*I'm curious as to what exactly happened.*
Satoru: I guess my priority should be getting her testimony.
*I'll be able to see her during my jog, most likely.*
Satoru: Good morning.
*Upon heading out, I find her stretching.*
Hazuki: Ah, good morning.
Hazuki: Have you finished the show I lent you the other day, by chance?
Satoru: Yeah. It was really good.
*The title of the show is Oni Detective Crime Files. It's a historical fiction show where a special detective called Onihara is appointed to crack down on crime in the town of Edo, specifically arsons and robberies.*
*It has tons of fight scenes with thugs, and Onihara is undoubtedly the highlight of the show.*
Hazuki: Oh, you liked it?
Satoru: Yeah. Onihara's character was really inspirational. Stern yet kind.
Hazuki: Indeed. You could even say the mobile investigation units and the special assault teams we have nowadays had their origin in the arson and burglary officials that operated back in ancient Edo.
Hazuki: Despite dealing with ruthless criminals day in and day out, they never forgot their compassion.
Hazuki: It's a truly commendable mindset.
Satoru: Yeah, I agree.
*I decide to cut to the main subject before we get sidetracked any further.*
Satoru: So, uh, can I ask you something?
Hazuki: Hm? What is this about?
Satoru: Do you remember the whole faucet thing that happened when you and I went to get your dad his birthday present?
Hazuki: The faucet? Ahh, when I was at the coffee shop.
Hazuki: That was truly awful.
Satoru: I just wanted to confirm with you again. It didn't just break--it flew off from the base?
Hazuki: Yes. I was just standing in front of the sink, and it popped off when I tried to reach out to it.
Hazuki: My hand wasn't even on it, and it made a cracking noise and popped right off! There really is no other way to describe it.
*I've gleaned two important pieces of information from that.*
*Her hand never came into contact with the faucet, and there was a cracking sound before the faucet flew off.*
Hazuki: Why are you asking me this now, though?
Satoru: It was just bugging me.
Hazuki: Hmm. So if you've been thinking about it, does that mean that you suspect it wasn't an accident, and that there was some sort of astral ability involved?
Satoru: I want it to be a simple accident, but the possibility it's not is pretty high.
Satoru: Were you the only person in the bathroom at the time?
Hazuki: Well, umm, it was a single-occupancy restroom, so yes, I was the only person in there.
Satoru: You're positive?
Hazuki: I am.
Hazuki: But I can only speak for the ladies' room, of course. I don't know if the men's was occupied or not.
*An experienced Astral wouldn't have much trouble using their abilities beyond a wall.*
Hazuki: If the culprit was an Astral, though, they would have had to have been close by.
Satoru: Right...
Hazuki: Hmm. It's difficult to narrow down with the information we have.
Satoru: Yeah.
*Seems like that's about all the information I can get from her. Guess I'll just have to play the waiting game with this case.*
Hazuki: I must say, you seem quite enthusiastic about solving this.
*Very perceptive of her.*
Satoru: I just can't stand to leave a mystery unsolved.
Satoru: Kinda like Onihara, actually.
Hazuki: Ah, that is wonderful! Your zeal is truly commendable.
Hazuki: I can feel your unquenchable desire to arrive at the truth. I must emulate that earnest approach.
Satoru: I'm really not doing anything that commendable.
*Pressing her further would just look suspicious. Better change the topic.*
Satoru: Oh, by the way. I have something to tell you about that Chinonosuke key chain you gave me.
Hazuki: Oh! Have you finally realized his appeal?
Satoru: E-Err, well, Nanami did.
Satoru: I showed it to her, and she was immediately like, "Aww, that's so cute!" I really didn't expect it.
Hazuki: I don't appreciate you finding it so unbelievable, but never mind that. I'm just glad that more people are coming to realize Chinonosuke's cuteness.
Satoru: Well, Nanami's tastes aren't exactly... normal either.
Hazuki: "Either"? Are you implying that I'm weird also?
*She furrows her brows and scowls at me.*
Satoru: I mean, he's kinda... weird-looking. Definitely not cute in the conventional sense of the word.
Hazuki: My love for Chinonosuke is not solely because of his cuteness.
Satoru: Oh, okay.
Hazuki: Chinonosuke's tireless devotion and perseverance are what I love about him. His cuteness is just the cherry on top.
*So she DOES think he's cute.*
Hazuki: Hrngh... It seems that a tiny key chain wasn't enough to make you realize the true appeal of Chinonosuke.
Hazuki: You must understand the magnificence of his kindness, and the grand devotion he displayed with his ultimate sacrifice!
Hazuki: I think it is time that I bestow upon you the extra large Chinonosuke plushie! There is no other way!
Satoru: No, please don't.
Satoru: We've been over this already... A giant plushie is just gonna look plain weird in a guy's room.
Hazuki: It is necessary for you to realize Chinonosuke's magnificence.
Hazuki: The plushie itself is realistically large, and it'll be super fluffy and soft too. I just know that you'll find him adorable like the rest of us in no time!
Satoru: Okay, fine! He's cute! I don't need anything more than the keychain!
Hazuki: Psyche. I was merely yanking your chain.
*She sticks her tongue out and winks.*
*This might be the first time I've seen her act so playful. She's usually so serious. Honestly, it caught me a bit off-guard.*
Hazuki: You kept insulting Chinonosuke, so I decided to get back at you for it.
*Hmm, maybe I was a little too harsh on him.*
Satoru: Sorry, I didn't mean to insult you for liking him.
Hazuki: No, it's fine. To be honest, there are many things I don't see any appeal in that other people do. I know how it feels.
Hazuki: I just need to love Chinonosuke all the more, and not concern myself with what others think.
*She laughs it off and glances at her watch.*
Hazuki: We'd better begin jogging before long, otherwise we'll be late for class.
Satoru: Oh, whoops. It's already that late?
Hazuki: I think we have swimming class today, so perhaps I'll settle for a lighter jog today since we don't have time.
Satoru: Sounds good. I'll join you.
*The two of us begin running side by side.*
Hazuki: Ah, Arihara-kun. Could I borrow you for one moment?
*We're at the pool for today's afternoon PE class. Once we enter free time, Nijouin-san comes up to me.*
Satoru: Sure.
Hazuki: So, I've been thinking long and hard about how to use my ability after the last time you and the others assisted me.
Hazuki: Maybe I can expand its potential by mastering my control of it.
Satoru: What do you mean?
Hazuki: I want to be a positive force for the world and everyone who lives in it. Though, that being said, it needn't be anything grandiose.
Hazuki: All I want is to use my ability to do good.
Hazuki: I've thought of various ideas I'd like to test out. Would you be willing to watch and offer me your advice?
Satoru: Sure. Want me to go get the others too?
Hazuki: N-No, you don't have to. I'm not quite confident enough yet to show them.
Hazuki: I just sort of... wanted to get another person's opinion first.
*She shakes her head.*
Hazuki: Actually, never mind. I should do this myself.
Hazuki: I over-rely on you anyhow... This is your free time, so you should use it for yourself. 
Hazuki: Surely you have things you want to do, right?
Satoru: Don't worry. I wasn't really gonna do anything.
*Sure, I can technically do whatever I want, but given that I lied about my ability, I can't mess around with it like everyone else if I want that to stay a secret.*
*So, if anything, helping out someone else is actually preferred.*
Satoru: Well, you asked me, and it'd be rude to say no. I guess we can mess around together.
*We've been hanging out together a lot these days.*
*She's fun to talk to, and watching her reactions never gets old.*
*So, if possible, I want to spend more time with her.*
Hazuki: Huh? D-Did you say mess around?
Satoru: Hmm?
Hazuki: Mess around together? What do you--Wait! You don't mean...
Hazuki: No, Arihara-kun! We shouldn't do that! It's wrong!
Satoru: Slow down! What the heck were you imagining?!
Hazuki: What?! Surely you know--I mean, when a boy and a girl press their bodies together and... Ahhhhhhhhhh?!
*In her panic, she keeps hopping by the poolside.*
Satoru: Wait--watch out! You're gonna slip and fall!
Hazuki: Arihara-kun!
Satoru: Wh-What?
Hazuki: I'm not ready. I'm not prepared to do those things with you yet!
*Uhh, does that mean she WILL be prepared someday?*
Satoru: That isn't what I meant at all.
Hazuki: Huh? Then what did you mean?
Satoru: Playing around in the pool.
Hazuki: Ah, right! Ahahahah! Of course! How could I have interpreted that as anything different?!
*She wipes the sweat off her forehead.*
Satoru: Pervert...
Hazuki: I-I am NOT! I was not having any untoward thoughts whatsoever!
Hazuki: In fact, I think YOU were the one having perverted thoughts!
*Well, I am a guy, so I do have those thoughts from time to time.*
Satoru: ......
*Her toned limbs and waist, beautifully porcelain skin, and those plump breasts...*
*Then, that long, silky black hair that gives her an air of royalty.*
*Now that I get a good look at her body, she's more beautiful than I thought.*
Hazuki: Wh-What? What are you staring at me for? You're embarrassing me...
Satoru: S-Sorry.
*I can feel my heart beating faster and faster, for some reason.*
*We've always been friends, and I see her just about everyday, but all of a sudden, she looks extremely attractive.*
*Wh-What's wrong with me?*
Hazuki: A-Anyhow. If you want to stick around, then there's something I'd like to show you.
Satoru: Ohh, sure! Show me!
Hazuki: Y-You seem rather pumped up... Oh, well.
*She extends her hands towards the pool, closes her eyes, and focuses on the water's surface.*
Hazuki: ......
*Soon enough, a sphere of water roughly the size of a tennis ball emerges from it.*
Hazuki: Now I do this... And move it with my hand...
*She moves the sphere above the palm of her hand.*
*After that, she forms another sphere from the water and makes them circle around each other.*
Hazuki: I spin them round and round and... there! A water ring!
Satoru: Whoa, that's cool!
*It may just be a rotating ring of water, but it had to have required a lot of precision for her to make it that perfect.*
Hazuki: I'm able to move water of this volume with considerable speed while also maintaining its shape.
Satoru: You've really improved a lot in such a short amount of time.
Hazuki: Haha! That means quite a lot coming from you.
*She lightly taps the ring with her finger, and it falls and mixes back into the water.*
Hazuki: Oh, and that wasn't my only idea. For this next one, I'll require your help.
*She sits by the pool's edge and motions me over.*
Hazuki: I'm going to draw out balls of water from the pool, and I want you to hit them as they come out.
Satoru: You want me to "hit" them?
Hazuki: It will be easier for me to simply show you what I mean.
*She turns to the pool without another word said.*
Hazuki: Hngh!
*A water mass about the size of a fist rises from the pool.*
Satoru: Pop.
*I gently tap it, and then another mass of water raises from the pool.*
Satoru: Hmm... Wait--what?
*But it disappears before my hand can touch it.*
*This almost reminds me of...*
Hazuki: Behold! I call it water whack-a-mole!
*It's pretty fun, actually. And you don't need to go to an arcade to play it.*
Hazuki: How did you like it?
Satoru: It's pretty cool.
*It's simple, but I can see it keeping someone fairly entertained.*
Hazuki: I figured that a game like this would allow me to bring joy to small children using my ability. It's something most of them are bound to be familiar with.
Satoru: Hmm, yeah. Flashy displays are good, but something familiar like this could really help people get more comfortable with astral abilities.
Hazuki: I knew you would see things from my perspective!
Satoru: Well, you said you wanted to make a difference in the world, and inspiring others is a good way to do that.
Hazuki: Indeed. In my opinion, using this unique ability of mine to bring joy to others is the best thing I can do with it.
Hazuki: Consequently, the better I am at using it, the better I can showcase fun games and flashy displays.
*She stands up and takes notice of a pair of students merrily chatting by the poolside.*
Hazuki: That said, I still need much improvement. I can't do much besides these little tricks.
Satoru: That's still amazing. I mean, it's a start.
Hazuki: The reason I was able to relax and focus properly was because you were here with me.
Hazuki: I have a bad case of stage fright. I tend to get nervous and tense, and I even shake like a leaf if it gets too bad.
Hazuki: Failing to communicate the wonderful potential that astral abilities have to change our lives would hurt my message. So any blunder would be counter productive.
Hazuki: For now, I want to focus on mastering my abilities as much as I can.
*She's always working so hard towards whatever she sets her mind to.*
Hazuki: So, umm--and I know this is a bit shameless of me to ask--but would you care to help me a little more?
Satoru: Sure. I'm more than happy to help.
Hazuki: Thank you! I feel much better about things now.
*She smiles, but her expression tenses up right after.*
Hazuki: I'd like to challenge myself a bit with this next one.
Hazuki: To be specific, I'm going to see if I can use my ability to walk on water.
Hazuki: It will require a far more precise control over the water than when I made the ring.
Satoru: Dang, how cool would that be? You'd be like a ninja.
Hazuki: Right?! Ninjas had many different techniques that involved the use of water...
Satoru: ......
Hazuki: Ahem. Apologies for that. I got a bit too excited.
*So she likes ninjas too, huh?*
Hazuki: Time is of the essence, so allow me to continue.
Hazuki: Walking onto a surface of water and not sinking is a bit difficult, so I'll try it from within the water first.
*She hops into the pool and focuses.*
Hazuki: Alright, here goes nothing.
Satoru: Good luck.
Hazuki: Nhhh... Haah...
*With each deep breath, her body rises further above the water.*
Satoru: Whoa, you're floating!
Hazuki: I just need to focus on the soles of my feet and direct the force below!
*Slowly and steadily, she rises to the surface.*
Satoru: You got this!
Hazuki: Ngh, keeping my balance is so difficult... Ah!
*She starts leaning to one side and tries to straighten back up, but...*
Hazuki: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh?!
*The pressure below her feet causes the water to spout, and she's sent flying upwards.*
Satoru: L-Look out!
*She barely avoids hitting the ceiling, but then immediately falls down at full speed.*
*From where she's positioned... she's going to land on the poolside.*
Satoru: (Oh god, this isn't good. She's gonna hit the hard floor!)
*The moment I realize this, my body moves on impulse.*
Hazuki: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Satoru: Nijouin-san!
*I look up and estimate her fall path.*
*Then I spring into motion and dash towards the spot she's set to land.*
Satoru: Nghhhh!
*As she falls closer and closer, I brace my legs for the impending impact.*
Satoru: Ugh!
*I thankfully manage to get into position in the nick of time and catch her during fall.*
Satoru: *pant* *pant*... Are you okay?!
Hazuki: *pant* *pant*...
Satoru: Nijouin-san! Can you hear me?!
*I'm supporting her with my hands, so all I can do is frantically ask if she's alright.*
Hazuki: Nnhh... Ah. Wh-Where am I?
Satoru: Phew. You seem okay...
Hazuki: A-Arihara-kun?
*She looks up at me, still visibly shaken.*
*Her face is mere inches from mine right now.*
Hazuki: Wh-Why am I in your arms?
Satoru: The water blasted you up in the air, and I caught you.
Satoru: You're not hurt anywhere, are you?
Hazuki: N-No, I don't think...
Satoru: Thank goodness.
Hazuki: ......
*She keeps staring at me in amazement.*
*U-Urk... Her face is so close that this is getting really embarrassing.*
Hazuki: Arihara-kun...
Satoru: Yeah?
Hazuki: I believe I've asked you this once before... but I want to make sure.
Hazuki: Did you save a young girl from a group of bad men when you were a kid?
*Her soft lips part and she peers into my eyes.*
*She's so sweet and lovely... I can't lie to her.*
Satoru: I did.
*I know I already decided once to not tell her.*
*But even so, the way she stares into my eyes almost seems to possess me.*
Hazuki: I knew it...
Hazuki: You were my shogun... weren't you?
Satoru: I'm... really no hero or anything.
Satoru: I just remember helping an Astral that was being harrassed by adults once. And maybe that was me...
Hazuki: Ah! Huh? Ngh?!
*Suddenly, she freezes up and her eyes open as wide as they can.*
Satoru: E-Err, are you okay?
Hazuki: Ahh! Ahhhhh?!
*I think she broke.*
Satoru: Calm down! It's okay! It's just me!
Hazuki: A-Arihara-kun? Oh, right...
Hazuki: I thought my shogun was embracing my soul as I journeyed to the afterlife.
Satoru: Well, I am holding you, I guess.
*The commotion is causing everyone around the pool to stare at us.*
*They're looking at me, holding Nijouin-san in my arms.*
Hazuki: Huh? What? Wh-What is going on here?! Why are we like this?!
Hazuki: Why am I in your--?! This is the bridal carry! The legendary number one romantic situation that all girls dream of!
*The heck? What kind of poll is that?*
Hazuki: Wait, no--that isn't important. Y-Your hands are--! Where are you touching me?!
Hazuki: Plus you're shirtless, and our bare skin is touching?!
Satoru: Wait, I had to!
Hazuki: Ahh! Th-This is wrong! Boys and girls of our age shouldn't be cuddling while so scantily clad!
Satoru: D-Don't struggle so much! I'm gonna drop you!
*She starts flailing around, but I do my best to keep a tight grip on her.*
*I'm hugging her so tightly, and I'm a guy, so... I'm starting to become aware of certain things.*
Satoru: Y-Your boobs are... rubbing up against me.
Hazuki: Ahhhhhh! M-My boobs?! M-My boobs are--you?! B-Boobs, you?!
Satoru: I don't know what you're even saying anymore!
Hazuki: Nghhh!
*Her eyes roll into her head as she goes limp on my arms.*
Satoru: A-Are you okay?! C'mon, hang in there! Nijouin-san!
*Despite my best efforts, she didn't come to.*
Hazuki: Nghh...
*I press my face into my cushion.*
*The embarrassment from my little accident earlier in the day just won't go away.*
Hazuki: Ahhh! What have I dooone?!
*Not only did I blunder spectacularly while trying to use my ability, I forced Arihara-kun to clean up after my mess.*
*He saved me from harm--just like he did all those years prior.*
Hazuki: I still can't believe that he's truly... truly the boy that saved me when I was a child...
*I always knew that he and I were around the same age.*
*His features were quite similar to the boy in my memories, as were his mannerisms.*
*So, ever since he and I became friends... I always had a sneaking suspicion.*
Hazuki: However, when I first asked him about it, he denied that it was him.
*Memories can't always be relied upon, and I may have only convinced myself that it was him because I wanted it to be true.*
*That was why I believed him at first when he said that it wasn't him.*
Hazuki: But then why would he change his story and admit to it now?
*Maybe he thought that I would figure out sooner or later? Or maybe he had some sort of change of heart?*
Hazuki: What would that entail, though? What reason would he have had to lie about it the first time?
*If he feels that he doesn't have to keep it a secret from me anymore, does that mean that he trusts me?*
*No, it can't simply be that. It has to be something more intimate...*
Hazuki: Could it be... love? Ah! He must have fallen for...
Hazuki: Wait--why am I having these thoughts?!
*There is NO way that could be it! Simply no way!*
Hazuki: Think about it rationally, Hazuki. What kind of person are you?
Hazuki: Disrespectful, no feminine interests or hobbies, no sense of fashion, and completely and utterly unattractive from every standard of measure...
*My chest aches as I voice what I know to be true.*
Hazuki: Urk, I'm just completely irredeemable as a person.
*No boy would ever be attracted to someone like me.*
*I've received countless love letters from girls, but not a single one from a male. That just goes to show how undesirable I am to male standards.*
Hazuki: Actually, none of that even matters one whit.
*The important part is that he IS the boy from my childhood.*
*He's the one I've always dreamed of, my shining role model.*
*And my hero saved me a second time today.*
*Just like back then, he showed up in the nick of time and effortlessly came to my rescue.*
Hazuki: Arihara-kun...
*The look in his eyes was unclouded. So brave and undaunted.*
*He was so cool.*
Hazuki: *pant* *pant*... Ngh, it hurts...
*Just picturing his face makes my chest feel tight.*
*My heart begins to beat faster and faster, uncontrollably.*
Hazuki: Haha... What was I thinking?
*It was the other way around.*
*He didn't fall in love with me--I was the one who fell for him.*
Hazuki: *giggle* Goodness, this really is embarrassing!
Hazuki: I'm in love? Me, of all people?
*I've never quite been "girly" in the typical sense.*
*Yet all it took was a boy saving me for these feelings to bloom.*
Hazuki: Haha. I suppose I still am a girl at heart.
*I fall down on my bed, a big smile on my face.*
Hazuki: Love...
*Love is something completely alien to me.*
*My mental image of the ideal man has always been the tough, manly shogun from The Wild Shogun, for example, so I could never find a boy that matched my criteria.*
*The only exception, of course, being the boy who'd saved me when I was young. My shogun in shining armor.*
Hazuki: To think that he would appear so close to me, all these years later...
*It has to be the work of fate. I'm convinced of it.*
*My destiny is to become his wife.*
Hazuki: His wife... I would become Arihara Hazuki if I wedded him.
Hazuki: Arihara Hazuki... Hmm. It doesn't have a bad ring to it, if I do say so myself.
Hazuki: ......
Hazuki: Why am I thinking this all through?!
Hazuki: "It doesn't have a bad ring to it, if I do say so myself!" Agh, god! You sound like such an IDIOT, Hazuki!
*I need to calm down. I'm skipping over something important.*
*I cannot marry anyone without them first having my parents' blessing.*
Hazuki: No, that's still very far off! First, I need to know whether or not he even likes me the same way I like him!
*A relationship requires the consent of both parties.*
*With that in mind, my first course of action should be to ascertain his feelings for me.*
Hazuki: A-Alright, no time like the present, so let me just--
*I reach out to my smartphone, but freeze mid-motion.*
*How do I even go about asking him?*
*Needless to say, I can't simply come out and say "How would you feel about marrying me?"*
Hazuki: Kgh... My lack of feminine knowledge is really hurting me now...
*A proper and experienced woman would know how to coax a man into revealing how he feels about her.*
*An awkward mess like me, on the other hand, lacks both the courage and the technique to pull off something like that.*
Hazuki: Th-This is bad. Very bad. The only person I can confide in is...
*Perhaps Mitsukasa-san? She is very feminine. Or alternatively Shikibe-senpai? She seems like she would be very experienced in matters of love.*
*Hmm, wait one moment.*
*Talking to them would mean revealing that I'm in love with Arihara-kun.*
Hazuki: Ahhhhhh! I can't! No way, no way! I could never!
*I roll around on my bed in a fit of embarrassment. I can feel my face getting worryingly hot.*
Hazuki: S-Still, there simply is no way that I can overcome this alone...
*Who in the world do I confide in, though? Someone whom I'm well-acquainted with, who also has experience with men.*
Hazuki: Ah, I can talk to her! How did I not think of her sooner?!
*My strongest ally.*
*She knows me better than anyone, and will always think with my best interests in mind.*
*I decide to call her at once.*
Hazuki: Ah, hello! Mother?! Are you available to talk at the moment?!
Hazuki's Mom: "Oh, Hazuki? You don't call us very often. What's the matter?"
*My mother is gentle, caring, and I know she'll always have good advice for me.*
*Even though I was born an Astral, she still raised me with love and care, just like any other child.*
Hazuki: W-Well, umm, good evening... I was just wondering if everyone was well back at home, you know.
Hazuki's Mom: "Sounds to me like there's something on your mind. Go ahead and tell me."
*It's hardly a surprise that she saw right through me.*
*She always has given me sound advice.*
Hazuki: I-It's somewhat difficult to say. The truth is, there is a person that I'm interested in...
Hazuki's Mom: "Oh, okay. Are they a boy or a girl?"
Hazuki: A boy! Why would you think that it was a girl?!
Hazuki's Mom: "Well, you've often had girls confess their feelings to you, so I figured you might be interested in girls as well."
Hazuki: I am not.
Hazuki's Mom: "No need to worry. I'd fully support you if you wanted to enter a relationship with a girl."
Hazuki's Mom: "LGBT people are starting to gain acceptance around the world these days. If you like girls, don't feel like you need to hide that from me."
Hazuki: For the last time, the person I'm interested in is a man!
Hazuki's Mom: "Hmm, alright. That's just a little normal and uninteresting, though."
Hazuki: Am I not allowed to be normal?
Hazuki's Mom: "Oh, no. I'm just a bit surprised that you've finally fallen in love."
Hazuki's Mom: "Congratulations, sweetie. You've really grown so much."
Hazuki: Nghhh! S-Stop that, Mother! You're embarrassing me!
Hazuki's Mom: "Oh, no need to be so shy. So, tell me: what's he like?"
Hazuki: He's... my shogun in shining armor.
Hazuki's Mom: "So you finally found that boy?"
*My mother knows of that story, and is well-aware of how much that boy meant to me.*
Hazuki's Mom: "Have you already told him that you like him?"
Hazuki: Not yet.
Hazuki's Mom: "*giggle* Well, I guess that makes sense. You wouldn't be calling me if you'd done that already."
Hazuki: Do you think that I'm a coward, Mother?
Hazuki's Mom: "Of course not. All girls get nervous when they fall in love. You're my sweet, adorable little daughter, and I'm very proud of you."
*My mother always speaks her mind very frankly. It can be quite embarrassing for me at times.*
Hazuki's Mom: "So I'm guessing you called me because you don't know how to go about telling this boy that you like him?"
Hazuki: Yes, that is right. What do you think I should do?
Hazuki's Mom: "Good question. I never dated any men outside of your dad, so I may not be the best person to ask."
Hazuki: How did you two begin courting?
Hazuki's Mom: "Well, I invited him to the seaside bar, then told him I liked him and asked if he wanted to go out with me."
Hazuki: S-So making the first move as the woman is an effective approach?
Hazuki's Mom: "Well, ultimately, it depends on who you're dealing with."
Hazuki's Mom: "I could tell your dad was head over heels for me back then."
Hazuki's Mom: "Yet the weeks and months went on, and he still wouldn't ask me out. So eventually I just decided to take matters into my own hands and ask him out."
Hazuki: How did he respond?
Hazuki's Mom: "All he said was 'Okay.' How silly is that? Like, what kind of response even is that?"
*Hmm, it sounds like a fairly crude answer. Quite like my father, honestly.*
Hazuki's Mom: "Since I knew I'd have to take the initiative in the relationship myself, I went ahead and asked him if he wanted to go to a hotel with me."
Hazuki's Mom: "After that, I kept him up all night..."
Hazuki: Urk?! Please, stop, Mother! Too much information!
*I did NOT want to hear about my parents' first night together!*
Hazuki's Mom: "So, back to your question. Basically, you have to tailor your approach to match the person you're dealing with."
Hazuki's Mom: "What kind of person is your Prince Charming?"
Hazuki: He is a shogun, not a prince!
Hazuki's Mom: "I don't see what the difference is, but whatever. What's your shogun boy like?"
Hazuki: Umm, that's a difficult question...
*Now that I think about it, I don't know him very well.*
*How would I describe him to someone else?*
Hazuki's Mom: "Well, for example, what are his likes and dislikes? Where does he come from and how was he raised?"
Hazuki's Mom: "What does he think of his parents? What is his dream job? Have you asked him any of these things?"
Hazuki: Urk... N-No...
*Her asking me this has made me realize.*
*I honestly don't know much if anything about him.*
Hazuki's Mom: "Well, you have to get to know him better before anything else."
Hazuki's Mom: "I think that'll give you a clearer picture of everything."
Hazuki: I see. If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles!
Hazuki's Mom: "I-I don't think he's your enemy, but I see where you're coming from."
Hazuki's Mom: "One thing, though. Your dad will probably care a lot about who he is. You know how his work is."
*She is right.*
*The person I marry will become his son-in-law, which means he'll become family.*
*All family members of police officers must undergo background checks.*
Hazuki's Mom: "But, as for me, as long as you'll be happy with them, I'm not too concerned about who they are."
Hazuki's Mom: "Hazuki. Don't worry about Dad, think about your happiness first and foremost."
Hazuki: Mother... Thank you.
Hazuki's Mom: "Oh, he's back now. Good luck; I'll talk to you later."
Hazuki: Okay. Goodbye.
*She hangs up the call, and I put my phone down.*
Hazuki: So I need to get to know him better first.
*I'm still thinking about what my mother said.*
*Arihara-kun is actually my shogun in shining armor.*
*He's the person I've idolized for so long.*
Hazuki: But it's been so many years since then.
*I'm not the same girl that I was back then.*
*And he's no doubt changed a lot since then himself.*
*What kind of person is he now?*
*Is he a decent person still? Or a habitual liar?*
Hazuki: I would hope he's not.
*Lies hurt people.*
*If he's someone that can just lie to people without compunctions, then he isn't the hero of my dreams.*
Hazuki: But, as far as I know, he's a respectable person.
*He helps me whenever I ask, and he seems to care about his friends.*
*He embodies the same ideals as the shogun I admire.*
Hazuki: Arihara-kun...
*I want to know more about him.*
*What does he like? What does he not like?*
*Where was he raised? What kind of things did he do with his parents?*
*I want to know everything about him...*
Hazuki: Right. I'll find out.
*I need to investigate him.*
*So I can find out whether or not he's suitable to become my husband.*
Hazuki: C-Can I really pry into someone's life like that, though?
*Is it truly okay for me to probe into his life simply because I want to?*
*In the spirit of sincerity, I at least ought to tell him why I'm doing it.*
Hazuki: Wait, I can't do that! He'll find out I'm in love with him if I do that.
*He can't know just yet.*
*If I want to confess, I need to know him better.*
Hazuki: So I'll need to obtain the information I need without revealing my intentions...
*This will be a difficult mission.*
*But I must succeed. My future hinges on it.*
Hazuki: Yes. Let's do this.
Hazuki: I'll see if he's really the man that's to become my husband!
================================================================================
Ryuunosuke: "It's me."
Satoru: Levy Six here. Contact established.
Ryuunosuke: "Copy. Go ahead."
*I proceed to report how our screening of suspects with AIMS bore no fruits.*
Satoru: Among all students, Nijouin Hazuki is the only one that can manipulate water.
Satoru: From what she told me, at the very least, it doesn't seem like she's actively involved in these incidents, though.
Ryuunosuke: "What are the chances that she might be lying?"
Satoru: She's the daughter of a police officer, and a very honest person by nature, so I highly doubt she'd lie about this.
Ryuunosuke: "So you trust her, is what you're saying."
Satoru: Yes.
*I can attest to that.*
Ryuunosuke: "Well, I'll trust your intuition. Try to narrow down the list of suspects as soon as possible."
Satoru: Are we in a rush for some reason?
*Last time we spoke, he said this was a preventive measure, so there was no need to hurry.*
Ryuunosuke: "Well, the truth is, I have some bad news for you and I have some scary news for you."
Satoru: Those sound like the same thing to me.
Ryuunosuke: "Which do you wanna hear first?"
Satoru: Does it honestly matter? But go with the bad news, I guess.
Ryuunosuke: "Our suspect has struck in Washizu once again."
Ryuunosuke: "This time, the water and soda cups exploded during a movie showing, and all the couples and families in the theater had their clothes soaked and damaged."
Ryuunosuke: "Then there was another incident where a subway water pipe ruptured and submerged the ticket booth, causing the whole station to have to be closed for a while."
Ryuunosuke: "Both have been reported as crimes."
Satoru: So the police is getting involved now.
Ryuunosuke: "The situation is escalating, and it's no longer something that can just be swept under the rug anymore."
Ryuunosuke: "Also, with both of these crimes, it's heavily suspected that the person responsible is an Astral."
Satoru: What's the media saying about it?
Ryuunosuke: "The higher ups are pulling some strings, so they'll keep quiet for now."
Ryuunosuke: "But we can only keep that up for so long. Eventually, if these incidents continue, word's gonna get out."
Satoru: So we need to act fast.
Ryuunosuke: "Right."
*Yeah, that's definitely bad news.*
Satoru: I understand the situation.
Satoru: But we couldn't identify any suspects through the AIMS. We need new information if we wanna get anywhere.
Satoru: Do we not have any leads? No videos from surveillance cameras or anything?
Ryuunosuke: "We're working on analyzing video footage, but it's looking pretty bleak."
Ryuunosuke: "Both crimes were committed in busy places at busy times, so there's too many people to narrow down the search. Singling out any one individual would be like finding a needle in a haystack."
Satoru: So that's probably intentional, huh?
Ryuunosuke: "Most likely. Our criminal isn't stupid."
Satoru: That's not good...
*Looks like they have enough brains to cover their steps. It'll be difficult to catch them by normal means.*
Satoru: What should I do?
Ryuunosuke: "We'll be dispatching new personnel to Washizu so we can have more eyes around the city."
Ryuunosuke: "In the meantime, keep searching for potential suspects among the students there."
Satoru: Understood.
*The criminal is taking bolder actions now.*
*And because of that, I have to suspect all students, no exceptions.*
Satoru: So what's the scary news then?
Ryuunosuke: "Someone is keeping tabs on you and digging for information. We haven't been able to identify them, but they seem to be affiliated with the academy."
Satoru: Someone's spying on me?
Ryuunosuke: "We've gone ahead and deleted all connections you have with the agency, so you're in no risk of having your cover blown."
Satoru: Thanks.
Ryuunosuke: "But be aware that this person may try to get closer to you in order to draw out information."
Ryuunosuke: "Don't let your guard down for a moment."
*A person getting closer to me so they can draw out information.*
*One specific person comes to mind. She's certainly been asking me to spend time with her often, and asks me questions to get to know me better.*
*But it can't be her, surely.*
Ryuunosuke: "What is it? Do you know of someone who fits that description?"
Satoru: No. I'll be careful.
Ryuunosuke: "Please do."
================================================================================
*School is now out, and with nothing much better to do, I wander around campus.*
Hazuki: He hasn't gotten many points deducted from his score so far.
*Though I still think that it's impertinent of me, I've continued to investigate into Arihara-kun's life.*
*He not only has the strength to take me down, but is also a quick learner.*
*And he didn't even lay a finger on me while I was asleep and defenseless in his room.*
*What's more, he also enjoys historical shows with me. My favorite things ever.*
Hazuki: He's basically perfect.
*He's my ideal man--no, even beyond that.*
*He's proven time and time again that he is my shogun in shining armor, so much I almost feel ashamed for ever doubting him.*
Hazuki: Arihara-kun...
*Just thinking about him makes my chest feel warm.*
*He is the only person I'd be comfortable entrusting my everything to.*
*There is no longer any room for doubt.*
*The time for me to let out these feelings and confess to him is drawing near.*
*But...*
Hazuki: Urk... I can't do that.
*Whenever I envision telling him that I like him, I feel like crawling into a hole.*
*I can't do such a thing.*
Hazuki: *sigh* What do I do?
*As I get up while heaving a sigh, I catch notice of something.*
Hazuki: Hm?
*A group of students are approaching the main gate while looking around suspiciously.*
*It's said that long-time officers are able to identify criminals at a glance. It's a sort of intuition one gains with experience.*
Hazuki: Their behavior is fishy.
*Perhaps it's due to my father's influence that I also have that intuition.*
Hazuki: Excuse you.
*The two male students stop in their tracks when I call out to them.*
*One is a standoffish-looking kid with dyed, blond hair and a half-unbuttoned shirt revealing a metal chain dangling from his neck. The stereotypical delinquent, in other words.*
*The other one, though, looks more studious. He wears glasses, and is glaring at me with a somewhat gloomy expression.*
*Quite the unlikely duo.*
Hazuki: It's almost evening. Where are you going?
Troublemaker: Why do I have to tell you shit? It's none of your business.
Hazuki: Well, I am a dorm manager, and I've been tasked with guiding students in their daily life here at the academy.
Hazuki: So yes, it is very much my business.
Troublemaker: Tsk, a boot-licker. Just what I needed today.
*The one who looks like a troublemaker appears annoyed and unwilling to talk.*
Hazuki: I know who you are, Watarai. You were suspended some time ago on suspicions of extorting other students who do not go to our school.
*His full name is Watarai Ryouji, a third-year student. He's infamous across the school because of his behavior problems and frequent misuse of his astral abilities.*
*Rumor has it that he was admitted to this school through the Astral protection program.*
Watarai: So what? Quite trying to bring up my past like it means shit!
Hazuki: Your suspension was only one month ago. That doesn't seem like a very long time ago, in my opinion.
Hazuki: But never mind that. You haven't answered my question, so I'll ask you again. Where are you going?
Watarai: Just to the convenience store, geez. I wanna buy something.
Hazuki: Ah, okay. Did you fill out your notification?
Watarai: The hell?
*He's only growing more and more irate, but I'm not concerned with his attitude.*
Hazuki: Your notification to leave. The rules state that you are obligated to fill out a notification form whenever you leave the campus.
Watarai: Oh, right--that shit. Yeah, I did it, so can I go now?
Hazuki: Alright. Wait one second while I confirm.
*I pull out my phone and message the teacher in charge of the permission forms.*
*They respond to my inquiry immediately.*
*Just as I thought, he hasn't filled out a form.*
Hazuki: I checked, and it seems that you haven't filled out a form.
Watarai: I dunno what the hell that's about. I filled out the damn thing, and I know it!
Hazuki: Well, the teacher in charge also informed me that you are still in a "remedial" period, so you aren't allowed to leave campus regardless of whether you fill out a form.
*In other words, he's trying to pull my finger.*
Watarai: Who the hell do you think you are, bossing me around?
Watarai: Kido! This bitch is pissing me the fuck off! Who is she?
*Watarai turns to the other student, who he calls Kido.*
Kido: Her name is Nijouin Hazuki, and she's a second-year. She was appointed dorm manager, and I've heard that her dad is a police officer.
*His response is timid and fearful.*
Watarai: Ah, that makes a lot more sense now. Our little princess here's tryin' to play cop like her daddy. Pfft, fuck off. Go play pretend somewhere else, will ya?
Hazuki: M-My father's occupation has no relevancy to any of this! I'm reprimanding you as dorm manager, nothing more!
*I raise my voice to show him that I'm not intimidated.*
Watarai: Hah! I bet you only got that position 'cuz your dad's a piggy bastard!
Watarai: Think you can just prance all over everyone 'cuz your dad's hot shit? Get off your high horse, bitch!
Hazuki: Do NOT bring my father into this again!
Watarai: Why? It's plenty fuckin' relevant! You're trying to mimic those pigs and act all high and mighty!
Watarai: Think you're better than the rest of us just 'cuz you got some shiny little fuckin' badge!
Watarai: People like you piss me the fuck off more than anyone!
*His harsh language causes me to grit my teeth in frustration.*
Hazuki: You're welcome to hate me and detest me for whatever reason you like. I have no right to demand you think otherwise.
Hazuki: But rules are rules. I will not allow you to leave campus.
Watarai: Okay? I don't give a rat's ass if you "allow" me to leave or not. I'm going to the convenience store whether you like it or not.
*He shrugs and starts walking away.*
*But I quickly block his path.*
Hazuki: You seem to be misunderstanding something, Watarai.
Hazuki: I am not the one who decides whether or not you can leave. The rules do.
Watarai: What, you're gonna stop me? Well, I'm not gonna hold my punches just 'cuz you wanna get on my ass over a trip to the damn convenience store, so you better be ready to back up that bark.
*He cracks his knuckles and approaches.*
Hazuki: I had hoped that we would be able to settle this amicably, but if you insist on making this difficult, then I'll respond in kind!
Watarai: Hah! Don't say I didn't warn ya, bitch. Bring it on!
Hazuki: Kgh, you leave me no choice... Hngh!
*The use of astral abilities is allowed inside the academy strictly for emergency, self-defense situations.*
*If he's going to resort to violence against me, then I must fight back.*
*I create a ball of water from the surrounding air and hurl it against Watarai.*
Watarai: Ngh?!
Hazuki: Do not be afraid. It's only water.
*Even though it is only a ball of water, it has a diameter of about thirty centimeters, and weighs roughly fifteen kilograms.*
*An object of that mass can hurt when hurled at a high velocity.*
*It would be powerful enough to knock out any normal person.*
Watarai: Great, now I'm soaking wet. The hell was that for, you stinkin' bitch?
*However, he withstood the impact with ease.*
Hazuki: What?! How are you unharmed?!
Watarai: You're not the only one with abilities here, princess!
Hazuki: F-Fine, then how about this?!
*I fling water ball after water ball at him in quick succession...*
Watarai: That shit ain't gonna work on me again!
*But he dodged them all.*
Watarai: Fuck off and get outta my way, you stuck-up bitch!
*He gets in position and throws a punch, to which I try to defend myself with my umbrella.*
*However, he's much stronger than I anticipated.*
*I'm blown back and thrown to the ground with a single blow.*
Hazuki: Ngh!
*That punch took the wind out of my lungs.*
Hazuki: Why is my water having no effect on him?!
Watarai: My astral ability makes me stronger! You might as well be splashing me with a kiddy water gun!
*He slowly approaches, anger and rage radiating from him.*
Watarai: Well, you sure talked big just to fall flat on your ass. Are you ready for what's comin' to you?
Hazuki: Ngh...
*Fear and trepidation begins to grip me.*
*I wanted to stand up to bullies. That was why I learned Aikido and trained every single day.*
*In the end, though, I was no match for a brawny man.*
*I convinced myself that I'd be able to overcome anything so long as I could control my ability perfectly.*
*In the end, though, I was no match for someone with a more advantageous ability.*
*All I want is to do what's right... Everything I do, I do because I believe that it will make the world a better place.*
*But reality... reality is harsh.*
Watarai: What're you shakin' for, bitch? All bark and no bite, eh?!
Hazuki: Ngh... Ahhh!
*I don't have the power to stand up for my beliefs.*
*I'm still the same little girl who could do nothing but sob when a group of adults with ill-intentions surrounded her.*
*Nothing about me has changed in the slightest.*
Watarai: Hmph! It's too late to go playin' the victim! Take this, you bitch!
*All I can do is cower and tremble in fear...*
Satoru: Ngh!
Watarai: Wh-What?! Where the hell'd you come from?!
*Phew! I made it just in the nick of time.*
*Just as he was about to hit her, I slipped in between them and caught his fist.*
Hazuki: Huh? Ah! Arihara-kun?
Satoru: Are you hurt?
Hazuki: N-No...
Satoru: Thank goodness.
*After hearing that she's okay, I turn back to the guy.*
Satoru: What kind of person would raise a hand against a lady? That's not very nice.
Watarai: Kgh! You stopped my punch at full power? What kind of freakish ability do you have?!
*He begins putting even more force into his fist.*
*But I push back with the same amount.*
Watarai: Don't tell me you have an ability like mine too!
*I push with all my might to create some distance between us and Nijouin-san.*
*One step back, then another.*
Watarai: Ngh!
*Sensing that he's at a disadvantage, the guy steps back and takes his distance. But he still seems ready to pounce.*
Satoru: Who is he?
Hazuki: Ah, h-he's a third-year, and his name's Watarai Ryouji. He was trying to go out to the convenience store without permission to leave campus, so I, um, tried to stop him...
*Ah. So he must've snapped when she admonished him and lashed out.*
Satoru: You can tell me what happened later. I just want to know one thing right now.
Satoru: What should we do with them?
Hazuki: U-Umm... if possible, stop them from leaving?
Satoru: Can I use force?
Hazuki: I-I suppose.
*That's what I wanted to hear.*
Satoru: Hey, you. Didn't you wanna go to the store? Go on. Be my guest.
Watarai: Huh? What the hell are you saying?
Satoru: Oh, come on. Do I have to spell it out? I can't stop you with force unless you rebel.
*I try to keep a calm demeanor, but I'm seething inside.*
*The reason for that is simple.*
*This bastard tried to hurt Nijouin-san.*
Watarai: Fuckin' hell. What's with all you fuckers tryin' to play hero today?! Where do you rats even come from?!
Satoru: Well, I'm the shogun in shining armor, so I kind of have to play the hero.
*I clench my fists and turn to him.*
Satoru: The only way my anger will be quelled is if I see scumbags like you down on the ground.
Watarai: Try me, you sonuvabitch!
Satoru: Phew...
*I take a deep breath once the commotion is over.*
*Watarai fell down after three well-connected punches. A bit anticlimactic, all things considered.*
*The other student watched, and the blood drained from his face as he turned tail and ran.*
Satoru: Man, what a mess.
Hazuki: Huh? Oh, r-right.
*She's been looking pretty cross the whole time. It's no wonder this whole incident has got her feeling bad.*
Satoru: Don't let it get to you too much.
Satoru: They were in the wrong for trying to break the rules. You aren't to blame for pointing that out.
Hazuki: I agree.
*After that curt response, she falls silent.*
Satoru: Then why the long face?
Hazuki: I'm useless.
Hazuki: I tried to stand tall and fight for what I thought was right, only to get beaten to the ground while someone else came in and saved me.
Hazuki: Nothing's changed since the incident where you saved me. I haven't grown one bit.
Hazuki: I'm worthless...
*She starts tearing up.*
Hazuki: I don't have the power to do anything. My fixation on righteousness was only a reflection of my inflated ego.
Hazuki: But worst of all, I forced you to come and here and clean up after my mistake!
Hazuki: If I can't do anything on my own, then I should just close my eyes, cover my eyes and mouth, and do nothing at all!
*She bites her lips as the tears start rolling down.*
Satoru: I think you're a very admirable person, Nijouin-san.
Hazuki: I am not!
Hazuki: If I have to get outside help to settle fights that I started on my own, then what good even am I?!
Hazuki: I'm useless, incompetent, and meddlesome!
Hazuki: I know that it's true! I'm never of assistance... to anyone.
*The tears roll down her face and spill onto the ground.*
Satoru: Don't say that.
*I clench my fist in anger.*
*I just can't accept what she's saying. I refuse to.*
*She's serious, honest, and always tries to do what she thinks is right.*
*And... that's what I love about her.*
Satoru: You didn't do anything wrong.
Satoru: You did what you thought was right, and there's no reason to be ashamed of that.
Hazuki: But I made you come in and save me...
Satoru: It's no skin off my back, really.
Satoru: I want to help you. It makes me happy.
*I'm truly happy.*
*I was pissed at that guy for trying to hurt her, but I was able to keep her safe, and nothing feels better.*
Hazuki: Arihara-kun...
Satoru: I believe in your sense of justice. So I don't think there's anything wrong with continuing to do as you have been.
Satoru: Feel free to lean on me if you ever need help. I'll gladly lend a hand.
Hazuki: Can I really lean on you?
Satoru: Of course.
*She looks up at me through tearful eyes, so I try to speak as gently and as comforting as I can to her.*
Hazuki: Arihara-kun...
*It might be rash of me to promise her this.*
*But this conviction of mine comes from the heart, so it can't be wrong. At least, that's what I believe.*
*I can still recall the fight I once had with my father.*
*He had discovered that I broke a plate that my mother treasured very much.*
Hazuki's Dad: Hazuki, tell the truth. You were the one who broke it, weren't you?
Hazuki: No...
Hazuki's Dad: You might not have known, but that wasn't just any old plate you broke. It was a very expensive Mysel piece of tableware.
Hazuki's Dad: It's an important memento from our wedding day.
*I knew that. I knew it was valuable--but above all, I knew how much it meant to my mother.*
*That was why I simply couldn't fess up to what I'd done.*
Hazuki's Dad: All criminals start by telling lies, Hazuki. Be honest with me.
Hazuki: I don't remember...
Hazuki's Dad: Hazuki!
*I was so afraid that I closed my eyes.*
*My father was never forgiving of misbehavior. Keeping silent was the only choice I had in that situation.*
Hazuki's Dad: If you're going to feign ignorance, then so be it. A liar is no daughter of mine.
Hazuki's Dad: I don't want to see you here. Go away.
Hazuki: Ngh!
Hazuki's Mom: Hazuki, where do you think you're going?
Hazuki: To the park!
*I picked up my umbrella and ran out of the house.*
Hazuki: What's his problem?!
*I could do anything. I got the best grades in school, I could cook, I could wash dishes and clothes, I could go shopping alone.*
*Even my Aikido sensei praised me all the time.*
*I was just as capable as any grown-up.*
*But all my father did was yell at me all the time. He never took notice of my accomplishments.*
Hazuki: Why doesn't he pay attention to me?!
*I stomped my feet in anger as I kept walking around the city.*
*Eventually, I arrived at a convenience store.*
*I was told to not go alone, but I didn't care. I could do anything on my own.*
*In front of the store, I saw something happening...*
Guy A: C'mon, you sack of shit! Get outta there!
Store Clerk: I-I'm sorry! Please, don't hurt me!
*A few scary-looking men dragged the convenience store worker outside of his store.*
Guy B: I spilled all the damn coffee on me 'cuz you didn't tell me how to work the stupid machine!
Guy B: And you have the gall to ask me to pay?! What kinda crook are you?!
Store Clerk: I'm sorry. You don't have to pay for anything, so please, just let me go...
*The store clerk apologized to the three thuggish men.*
*But they seemed less than willing to let him off the hook.*
Guy A: That ain't gonna cut it, pal. If you're so sorry, then how about you repent. Know what I mean?
Store Clerk: Repent... by doing what?
Guy C: Huh? You never heard of reparations? We're telling you to put your goddamn money where your mouth is!
Store Clerk: B-But I--!
*Three bad men were ganging up on and oppressing one weak, helpless man.*
*I'd seen many a situation like this in the samurai shows I watched with my father.*
*At times like these, the Wild Shogun would always come in and defeat the bad guys.*
*But this was the real world.*
*No hero would come to save this man, and I panicked over what to do.*
Hazuki: I-I have to do something!
*This was urgent.*
*I opened my umbrella and mustered up my courage.*
Hazuki: Ahh?!
*My nerves got to me and my water balls fizzled out.*
*All it did was draw their attention to me.*
Guy B: What was that?
Guy C: Probably one of those Astral freaks, don'tcha think?
*The mention of "Astral" only enraged them further.*
Guy A: Hmph! Fuckin' mutants.
Guy A: I hate those Astral asswipes!
*They left the clerk and approached me instead.*
Hazuki: Wh-Why?
*I was so scared I could barely form words.*
*Eventually, the men had surrounded me.*
Guy C: What's a freak like you doin' here? Huh?!
Guy B: You alone? Man, what kinda parent lets one of these damn mutants wander the streets alone? This world's going to shit.
*I thought I was capable of anything on my own, but that was nothing more than a wishful fantasy.*
*I couldn't do anything.*
*I was just a weak little girl pretending she was some hero...*
Hazuki: Ngh... *sniffle*...
*Reality hurt, and the tears kept coming.*
*All I could do was cry for help in my mind.*
Hazuki: (Please... Someone... Save me! Mister Shogun!)
*I wished with all my heart.*
Boy: Hey, quit picking on her.
*Then--he appeared.*
*My shogun in shining armor.*
Hazuki: Arihara-kun...
*I truly believe that I'm useless.*
*Driven by a sense of justice that I couldn't uphold on my own, I ended up picking a fight that I couldn't settle on my own. And, once again, someone had to come in and save me.*
*I'm still every bit as naive and childish as I was back then.*
*But despite all of that, he still encouraged me.*
Satoru: You didn't do anything wrong.
Satoru: You did what you thought was right, and there's no reason to be ashamed of that.
Hazuki: But I made you come in and save me...
Satoru: It's no skin off my back, really.
Satoru: I want to help you. It makes me happy.
Satoru: I believe in your sense of justice. So I don't think there's anything wrong with continuing to do as you have been.
Satoru: Feel free to lean on me if you ever need help. I'll gladly lend a hand.
Hazuki: Can I really lean on you?
Satoru: Of course.
*He said that he would be happy to help me whenever.*
*How do I interpret that?*
Hazuki: Does it mean that he likes me?
*He wouldn't say that if he didn't, at least. Though that doesn't necessarily mean he likes me romantically either.*
Hazuki: Right. It has nothing to do with that.
*My feelings are already solidified.*
*I like him. I want to entrust my everything to him. What I lack is simply the courage to communicate that.*
Hazuki: I'll tell him how I feel.
*He said it himself. I should do what I think is right. So I'll do just that.*
*It's time to move forward.*
Hazuki: Alright. I'll confess to him!
*I clench my fists and steel my resolve.*
================================================================================
*It's been a few days since the incident between Nijouin-san and that troublemaker.*
*I got a little curious, so I decided to dig into the guy, Watarai's background.*
*Like she said, he's a third-year, and he was admitted to the school through its Astral protection program. His ability allows him to increase his physical strength.*
*Before coming here, he apparently committed numerous crimes ranging from theft, to even assault and extortion using his abilities.*
*Later, it was discovered that his father had been forcing him to commit those crimes because of his ability, and he was taken under the custody of the academy.*
Satoru: He was just dealt a bad hand in life, I guess. Being used by your own parent must be hard to come to terms with.
*He mellowed out after coming here, but he routinely gets in trouble for minor infractions.*
*Rumors spread about his background among the teachers and students, and they've all already branded him as a miscreant.*
*In that sense, he's the closest thing to a suspect there could be in this academy.*
*Just in case, I looked back into his record to find out if there were ever any incidents involving water.*
Satoru: His ability has nothing at all to do with water, though.
*But when I checked his alibi, I found out that he hasn't been allowed to leave campus for a long while.*
*And even if he could, you can't destroy faucets and sprinklers from a distance with his physical ability.*
*He's not the person we're looking for.*
Satoru: Still no leads...
*Well, no use dwelling on it. I gotta keep looking for suspects.*
Hazuki: Can I have a moment, Arihara-kun?
Satoru: S-Sure.
*While I'm deep in thought, Nijouin-san calls out to me.*
*She's been acting odd ever since the incident.*
*She won't look me in the eye, and stutters whenever we talk. It's not normal.*
*I thought it would stop at some point, but it hasn't. Did something happen to her?*
Hazuki: I can't exactly talk to you about it here. Would you like to take a walk with me?
Satoru: Okay.
*There's a cool breeze outside. Autumn is making way for winter already.*
Satoru: So, what is it?
Hazuki: ......
*She keeps walking silently, brows furrowed.*
*It feels like she's preparing for something...*
Hazuki: Alright. No one will bother us here.
*We cross the courtyard, and eventually, she stops at a somewhat secluded place.*
Satoru: Err, this isn't about another duel, is it?
Hazuki: In a sense, it is.
*She takes a deep breath and stares straight at me.*
Satoru: Uh, you've been acting a little weird. Is everything okay?
Hazuki: If you would like to know the answer to that, then please answer these questions first.
Hazuki: Are you currently dating anyone?
Satoru: No?
Hazuki: Are there any girls that you would like to date?
Satoru: Err, not really, I guess?
Hazuki: Do you not have a crush on anyone?
Satoru: I don't think I do, at least.
*I was too focused on getting by day to day as a kid, and I became too busy with spy work after meeting dad.*
*Only after coming to this school have I ever had the time to relax and think about things like girls.*
Hazuki: Alright.
*After that, she pulls out a piece of paper and hands it out to me.*
Hazuki: I don't have the courage to say it to you, so I'd like you to read this letter, if you will.
Satoru: It's for me?
*She nods and hands me the note.*
*Her hands are trembling slightly.*
*The stationary has a cute, pretty design, and it's sealed with a heart shaped sticker. There's only one thing this could be.*
*This is a love letter.*
Satoru: Alright. I'll read it when I get back--
Hazuki: I-If at all possible, I'd like you to read it here and respond!
Hazuki: I know that I'm being quite demanding!
Hazuki: But I won't be able to keep my calm until I receive a response. I don't care if you reject me, I just want an answer.
*She seems so incredibly serious about this that I find it hard to say much of anything.*
*I should read this and answer sincerely.*
Satoru: Okay. I'll read it.
*Dear Mister Arihara Satoru,*
*Allow me first to extend my best wishes to you during these cool autumnal days.*
*I would also like to express my thanks for all that you have done for me in recent times.*
*Now, let me get to the main subject for which I write this letter. I want to convey that which I cannot express verbally.*
*As you may be well aware, I am a careless woman that has many faults and shortcomings compared to the average woman.*
*I do nothing but blunder continuously in my foolish attempts to make a change I cannot sustain.*
*Despite that, however, I have been blessed to meet a wonderful, kind, and supportive person.*
*That person is you, Arihara Satoru.*
*Your caring heart and modesty have stolen my heart. I am infatuated with you. I love you.*
*Imperfect as I am, however, my capabilities are limited in scope.*
*If you would be so kind as to have me, I swear to serve you with all of my being until the day that I die.*
*With that, I would like to humbly ask whether or not you would be willing to enter a romantic relationship with me.*
*Yours Truly.*
Hazuki: I wasn't sure what tone to use when writing it, so I simply wrote it like any other letter.
Satoru: ......
*After reading it, I'm a little overwhelmed.*
*This is hardly a normal love letter, by any standard.*
*It feels like I received some letter from a girl who lived in the Edo period...*
Hazuki: Urk... W-Were you able to read it fine?
Satoru: Er, yeah.
*She used a lot of fanciful language, but the message can be summed up as: "I love you. Please go out with me."*
*I could feel my heart beating as I read the letter. Those words were serious.*
Hazuki: That letter contains all of my heartfelt feelings. I wouldn't change a single letter of it.
*She was right--this is a duel, in a sense. She's laying her feelings bare and asking me to respond.*
Hazuki: So please, give me your answer.
*I fully understand how strong her feelings for me are.*
*I'm so happy I'm shaking...*
*My heart feels like it's about to burst. I want nothing more than to take her in my arms right here and now.*
*I want to let my emotions free and tell her how I feel about her.*
Satoru: ......
*But--she's serious. Serious enough to pledge allegiance to me for the rest of her life.*
*Which is why I can't act impulsively and answer how I want to, deep down.*
*I'm here on a mission, and I have to keep that in mind.*
*If I get into a relationship with someone, it'll create a rift at some point between us, and it could also get in the way of my duties and responsibilities.*
*No matter what, I'll be forced to hide numerous things from her.*
*Should I really go out with her considering all of that?*
Satoru: I'm sorry. I need time to think.
Hazuki: *giggle* Alright.
Satoru: I'm sorry I can't provide you an immediate answer, but I promise I won't keep you waiting too long.
Hazuki: That's fine. I was the one being too demanding. My apologies for that.
Hazuki: Thank you, Arihara-kun. Whatever happens, I hope we can still be friends.
Nanami: Oh, hi.
*After parting ways with Nijouin-san, I ran into Nanami while mulling over her confession.*
Nanami: Whoa, you look even worse than usual. Is everything okay?
Satoru: ......
*Sharp as ever. She's definitely my sister.*
*My response, or lack thereof, to Nijouin-san's confession is still weighing on my mind.*
Satoru: I'm just struggling with something. Think you could give me your opinion?
Nanami: You hardly ever ask me for advice, so something must've really gone wrong.
Satoru: Is it that odd?
Nanami: Well, you usually just act the way you want to, regardless of what anyone else thinks. And honestly, you've never struck me as the type of person to get seriously stressed out by stuff.
Satoru: Hey, I have problems too, you know? It's not like I have an answer to every situation.
Nanami: Color me surprised.
Satoru: You're the only one I can turn to when it comes to work-related problems.
Nanami: Hmm. So what's on your mind?
*She stares curiously into my eyes.*
Satoru: Just speaking hypothetically, but like... do you think we're allowed to have love lives?
Nanami: Uhh, I think it's dealt with on a case-by-case basis. I'm not too familiar with how our organization works with regards to all of that.
Satoru: Well, for example, what if a civilian were to fall in love with me during a spy mission?
Nanami: Ahahaha! Dream on, buddy.
Satoru: I'm serious.
Nanami: Huh? So there's a girl you want to go out with?
Satoru: Yeah, kinda.
Nanami: So is the feeling mutual, or is it just a crush?
Satoru: Well, she confessed to me.
Nanami: Hahaha. You're such a joker.
Satoru: I'm not kidding.
Nanami: ......
*Is it really that unfathomable that a girl would like me?*
Nanami: Hm... Well, I noticed you've been hanging out a lot with Nijouin-senpai these days. This must be about her.
Satoru: What do you think?
*My job is to infiltrate and carry out my duties in secrecy. I'm not allowed to fall in love and leave more traces of my presence than I need to. That's my view on it, at least.*
*But I want another opinion, which is why I'm asking Nanami.*
Nanami: Hmm. I've never been in a relationship, so I don't know what to say.
Nanami: But, personally, I think you should follow your heart.
Satoru: So you'd be okay with me dating her?
Nanami: You can't keep relying on me to take care of you forever.
Nanami: I'll support you dating someone if I see that they're capable of looking after you.
Satoru: Thanks. That means a lot.
*I just have one concern, though.*
Satoru: She's one of the suspects of the investigation we're conducting right now.
Satoru: So should I really become involved romantically with her?
*If the superiors found out, they'd no doubt accuse me of mixing work and private life.*
Nanami: Do you think she could be the criminal?
Satoru: Not a chance! There's just no way someone as honest and upright as her would ever commit a crime.
Nanami: If you're that certain about it, then I think it's safe to remove her from the list of potential suspects.
Satoru: From my perspective, maybe, but I doubt Dad would think the same.
Nanami: So you'd give up on her if Dad said no?
Satoru: Well...
*No matter what I'm told, my feelings won't change.*
Nanami: If something doesn't work, you make it work. That's the big brother I know.
Satoru: Yeah. You're right.
*If she's a suspect, all I have to do is clear her name.*
*I just need to find the true criminal and catch them.*
Nanami: Why don't you think over it a little more? Also, I think you should talk to Dad about it too when you feel ready.
Satoru: I'll do that. Thank you.
Nanami: *giggle* We'll celebrate when you finally get yourself a girlfriend. Hang in there until then.
================================================================================
Kyouhei: Phew, that was good.
*Kyouhei's lunch for today consisted of deep fried mackerel, a bowl of pork with rice, and Hakata-style pork ramen with a double serving of noodles.*
Satoru: I really don't know how you eat so much.
Kyouhei: I'm a growing boy. My body demands food, and I give it offerings.
Satoru: It's a miracle you're not obese.
*Where the hell do all those calories disappear to? It's downright mind-boggling.*
Kyouhei: By the way, you've been hanging out with me an awful lot as of late. Why's that?
*I used to have lunch with him all the time before, but we have been growing a little distant as of late.*
*The reason being... well, I think that's obvious.*
Satoru: Well, I just thought I ought to spend more time with my bosom buddy.
Ayase: I agree.
*Wondering who that was, I turn around to see...*
Satoru: Whoa, what are you doing here? I don't think I've ever seen you here before.
Ayase: Am I not allowed in this canteen?
Kyouhei: Of course you are. I bet even you feel like pigging out sometimes. We all do.
Ayase: Sadly, I'm not here for lunch today.
Ayase: Can I borrow you for a bit, Arihara-kun?
Ayase: Alright. We should be good now.
Satoru: Did you run into some sort of trouble?
*Considering she brought me all the way to the student council room and locked the door behind her, it must be something serious.*
Ayase: Yeah... in a sense, I guess. Though it's not necessarily my problem.
Satoru: What do you mean?
*I was certain she brought me here due to an issue of her own.*
Ayase: How's life been going for you?
Satoru: What's this question for?
Ayase: I'm just, well... asking if you're enjoying life here, I guess.
*It's weird for her to beat around the bush like this.*
Satoru: Can you save me the time? If you need something, go ahead and get to it.
Ayase: Okay. I'll cut to the chase, like you want. Do you like Nijouin-san, yes or no?
Satoru: Pfft?!
*That sure came out of left field.*
Satoru: Wh-Why are you asking? That's none of your business.
Ayase: You don't get to decide that--I do. So hurry up and answer.
Satoru: I'm... not gonna answer that one.
Ayase: Hey, you're the one who told me to get to the point already. Why're you playing dumb on me now? What kinda game is this?
Satoru: Why do I have to disclose personal information like that to you?
*It doesn't make sense that she'd stick her nose into this matter all of a sudden.*
Ayase: Quit whining and answer me already, geez.
Satoru: No, thanks.
Ayase: Oh? So you wanna be a wimp? Only wimps keep secrets.
Satoru: Sure, I don't care.
Ayase: Do you like me then?
Satoru: Not really.
Ayase: The fact that you answered that within a split second really pisses me off...
*Then don't ask.*
Ayase: Alright then. Do you like Nijouin-san?
Satoru: Who knows...
Ayase: *giggle* So you evade that question? Very suspicious.
Satoru: What are you trying to do, interrogate me?
*For whatever reason, it feels like she's trying to fish out every bit of information she can regarding my relationship with Nijouin-san.*
Ayase: You remember when we all three ate lunch together a couple days ago?
Satoru: Yeah.
*That was the last time I ate lunch with Nijouin-san.*
Ayase: I'll spare you the details, but basically, she came to me and told me some stuff, and I agreed to help her.
Ayase: So that's why I'm asking you all this.
Ayase: Tell me honestly. How do you feel about her?
*I think I see what's going on here now.*
*Nijouin-san went to her for advice, and now she's acting as a sort of mediator.*
*Though I don't know how much she told her.*
Ayase: C'mon, talk with me. I might be able to help.
Satoru: She probably already told you this, but she asked me out a few days ago.
Satoru: And I haven't given her a reply yet.
Ayase: Why not?
Satoru: You know that I'm no ordinary student. I came here to carry out a specific task.
Satoru: Even though I've completed the mission with you, I still have other stuff to do.
Satoru: And if my identity is ever exposed, I'll be gone from this place the next day.
Satoru: I don't have the right to get into relationships like the rest of you. It's not what I'm here for.
Ayase: ......
Satoru: Thankfully, she told me that I should prioritize my own life.
Satoru: So I'm planning to turn her down eventually.
*I grit my teeth. It's the last thing I want to say.*
*But there's no other way.*
*If she figures out I'm an undercover investigator, I'll be done for.*
Ayase: You've been yapping a whole lot, but you still haven't given me a clear answer.
Satoru: What do you mean?
Ayase: I asked you a yes or no question.
Ayase: Do you like her, or do you not?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: I like her, sure.
Satoru: And I really mean that.
*This is the first time I've outright admitted it.*
*I always felt like there'd be no turning back once I said it, so I never did.*
Ayase: So you DO like her! Why the heck're you turning her down?!
Satoru: Were you not listening to me? I have to hide my identity.
Satoru: But she's not the type of person who'd be okay with that. She's so sincere, serious, and she hates liars!
Satoru: How do you expect me to date her?! Am I just supposed to lie to her face all the time?!
*I regret raising my voice at her as soon as I finish. I didn't mean to vent my anger on her.*
Satoru: Sorry for shouting. You're not to blame for any of this.
Ayase: It's fine. I understand.
*She smiles and keeps talking.*
Ayase: I know you got a lot going on.
Ayase: But I just want you to know one thing. She's very serious about you.
Satoru: I know.
*I could easily surmise that from the letter she gave me.*
Ayase: No, you don't.
Ayase: You don't realize a single thing. You mean the world to her!
Ayase: She told me that she has no eyes for anyone but you--that you're the only one she wants. You saved her, and you're her hero.
Ayase: But apparently she'd convinced herself that you'd never be interested in a girl like her. She cried herself dry that day.
Ayase: If she was able to put her own feelings aside and tell you to prioritize your own life, then personally, I think that's only proof of how selfless and caring a person she is.
Ayase: She's been putting your freedom over her own feelings, and now she's suffering all alone 'cause of it.
Ayase: Were you aware of any of that?
*I'm surprised by all of this.*
*She talked to me as if nothing happened, and I didn't notice anything out of the ordinary.*
*But it was all a facade to not worry me.*
Ayase: I don't know all the details of your situation, so I won't tell you what to do.
Ayase: But her feelings for you are a lot deeper than I think you give her credit for.
Ayase: So I just want you to take that into consideration when you decide what to do.
Satoru: Judging from Watarai Ryouji's ability and the fact that he has an alibi, it's highly unlikely that he's behind the crimes.
Ryuunosuke: "Alright."
Ryuunosuke: "We've been working on the video analysis like I said, but we still haven't identified any potential suspects."
Ryuunosuke: "We've also assigned agents to search the city, but there haven't been any water-related incidents since they were dispatched."
Ryuunosuke: "Whoever this fellow we're dealing with is, they're no idiot, that's for sure."
Ryuunosuke: "As much as I hate to admit it, we're probably not gonna be able to do much until they strike again."
Satoru: So we're pretty much at a roadblock.
*I want to catch this criminal ASAP to clear Nijouin-san's name, but this is turning out to be easier said than done.*
Ryuunosuke: "Anything else to report?"
Satoru: No.
*I was planning to tell him about Nijouin-san, but I just couldn't muster up the determination to.*
Ryuunosuke: "Is that the truth?"
Satoru: Well, life is going swimmingly for me over here, at the very least.
Ryuunosuke: "Alright. I have one more update for you."
Ryuunosuke: "I mentioned last time that there was someone snooping around for information on you. We've figured out their identity."
Satoru: Who is it?
Ryuunosuke: "The Nijouin family."
Satoru: Wh-What?! Are you serious?!
*What's going on? Why would she do that?!*
Ryuunosuke: "When we looked into it, we traced the request back to the police superintendent, Nijouin Masafumi, the father of your classmate."
Satoru: Her father did it?
Ryuunosuke: "Apparently the Nijouin family has given financial contributions to the academy and thus has some leverage there. That's why our preliminary investigation pointed to the academy."
Ryuunosuke: "But when we dug a little deeper, we found a connection with the police department, and that's when it all came together."
Satoru: Do you know why?
Ryuunosuke: "According to the information we got, he wanted to dig into the background of the man that his daughter is infatuated with."
Satoru: Wait... What?
*My head goes blank for a second.*
Ryuunosuke: "The Nijouins are an affluent family, so it stands to reason that they'd be wary of who their daughter wants to socialize with."
Ryuunosuke: "So, you'll be happy to know that I leaked some info to 'em. Arihara Satoru is an excellent and upstanding young man with a good personality and bright aspirations for the future."
Ryuunosuke: "It's my job as your father to make sure your love life goes well."
Satoru: ......
*I don't know what to say.*
Ryuunosuke: "Don't you have something you want to tell me?"
Satoru: Er, um... can I really?
Ryuunosuke: "Can you what?"
Satoru: Can I... date her.
Ryuunosuke: "The fact that you're an undercover agent for our organization is strictly confidential information. Even if that person is your romantic partner, that doesn't change."
Ryuunosuke: "And you can't just quit, so you'll have restrictions on your life for the foreseeable future. That's just something you'll have to come to terms with."
Ryuunosuke: "Normally, we'd consider the possibility that you're being ensnared into a honey trap, but considering it's the Nijouin family we're dealing here, that shouldn't be an issue."
Satoru: S-So I really can?!
Ryuunosuke: "You know what I told you."
Ryuunosuke: "I want you to experience a normal life while you're over there."
Ryuunosuke: "If you wanna find yourself a girlfriend, then I won't interfere."
*This is like a dream come true. Is he really giving me the go-ahead to date her?*
Ryuunosuke: "Well, that's all. Do you have any questions?"
Satoru: No.
*It's all so perfect that I don't know what to say.*
Ryuunosuke: "Alright. Now I have one last request for you."
Satoru: Sure. What is it?
Ryuunosuke: "When are you gonna give me my first grandkid? The sooner the better, so don't take too much time."
Satoru: Shut up.
Ryuunosuke: "Hahaha! I'm just pulling your leg, kid. Good luck."
*Stay classy, Dad.*
Satoru: Thanks, Dad.
================================================================================
Satoru: Ngh, five o'clock...
*I wake up much earlier than usual today.*
Satoru: It wasn't a dream.
*Nijouin-san confessed to me, I accepted, and now she and I are boyfriend and girlfriend.*
*Though it still feels a little surreal.*
Satoru: She's my girlfriend...
*That scene from yesterday keeps popping up in my mind.*
*Her surprise, her shyness, her happiness, and her tears...*
*I unintentionally break out into a smile.*
*What's gonna happen when I see her again? I've never experienced anything like this, so I'm a little lost.*
Satoru: What am I grinning like an idiot for?
*I tap my cheeks and stop daydreaming.*
*It's earlier than usual, but I change clothes and get ready to go running.*
Satoru: Ah?!
*Upon opening my door, I see Nijouin-san standing right there.*
Hazuki: Good morning!
Satoru: H-Hey. How long have you been out here?
Hazuki: About thirty minutes.
Satoru: That's a long time to be waiting. You could've just knocked or something.
Hazuki: But then I might have interrupted your sleep.
Hazuki: It would be a different matter if we'd agreed to meet at a specific time, but I came here without informing you beforehand, so I couldn't do such a thing.
*I don't know if this is sweet or creepy.*
Satoru: You don't have to worry so much.
Hazuki: No, I must. Even in a relationship, courtesy is key. Taking things for granted isn't good.
Hazuki: A-Also... no matter how badly I want to see you, I can't wake you up for no reason.
Satoru: You wanted to see me?
Hazuki: Why of course I did! You are my... my b-boyfriend now!
Satoru: Y-Yeah, I guess I am. I'm glad I get to see you first thing in the morning too.
Hazuki: Right. Now, about that.
*She blushes and presents to me a box wrapped in a cloth with a traditional pattern.*
Hazuki: This is a boxed lunch. If you'd like, feel free to eat it for lunch.
Satoru: Wait, did you make this?
Hazuki: Urk... Umm...
*She nods shyly.*
Hazuki: T-Tell me if it isn't to your liking.
Hazuki: It might not compare to the canteen food, but I put a lot of... love into it.
*This is the first time I've ever had a girlfriend to cook me food.*
Satoru: Thank you. I really appreciate it. Let's have lunch together then.
Hazuki: Yes, let's do that!
Satoru: I feel kinda bad. You're doing so much for me, but I'm not doing anything in return.
*After finishing our jog, we do some stretching.*
Hazuki: Don't worry about it. I do these things because I want to.
Satoru: I still feel kinda bad that I can't give you anything in return.
Hazuki: Listen well now.
Hazuki: I decided to accompany and support you yesterday.
Hazuki: You are the person I deemed worthy of receiving all my attention, care, and trust.
Hazuki: And that is why I'll dedicate my whole being to you. It's only natural to do that for my partner.
Satoru: R-Really?
*She makes our relationship seem a little... serious. Are relationships between kids our age usually this heavy?*
*Still, she nods confidently.*
Hazuki: Of course it is true. No person would ever date someone that they deem unreliable.
Hazuki: And if I trust you, I need to be ready to entrust you with my life.
Hazuki: Which is why I am prepared to do anything for you. That is what brings me joy.
Satoru: Then I guess I need to dedicate my everything to you too.
Hazuki: No, you are free to do whatever you want.
Hazuki: That is just how I show my proof of my love for you; it's my decision. You don't have to hold yourself to the standards I hold myself to.
Hazuki: You can express your love for me in any way you wish.
Hazuki: Wait, what are you making me say?!
Hazuki: A-Anyhow! I-I'm merely doing what I want, so please don't worry about it.
*She looks at me resolutely.*
Satoru: ......
*Right. She's a serious, honest, and upright girl.*
*I decided to go out with her because of those qualities.*
*But if my true identity is discovered...*
Hazuki: Is something the matter?
*She's puzzled by my silence.*
Satoru: It's nothing. I was just a little moved by how deeply you care for me.
Satoru: Thank you. I'll do my best to be a man worthy of your love.
Hazuki: *giggle* You're perfect enough as you are.
*She looks very content as she smiles.*
Hazuki: A weak and foolish person like me can hardly hold a candle to someone like you.
Hazuki: If anyone has to try in this relationship, it would be me.
*Finally, it's lunch time.*
Kyouhei: Hey, Satoru, let's go have lunch. I'm so hungry I could eat a bear, man.
Satoru: Sorry, I already have plans.
Kyouhei: Whoa, that's new. Who're you eating with? A girl?
Satoru: Yeah. It's Nijouin-san.
Hazuki: Y-Yes!
*As soon as I call her name, she stands up and replies.*
Kyouhei: Oh, that's fine. I'll tag along too--
Satoru: Sorry, I promised her it'd be just the two of us.
Kyouhei: What? You're eating "alone"? That sounds kinda scandalous to me.
Hazuki: E-Excuse you?! W-We are not going to do anything of the sort!
Kyouhei: Hm? Your lunch boxes look really similar. The colors are different, but the pattern's the same.
Hazuki: Um, that's just because, well...
Kyouhei: Ahh, okay! I get what's going on here. You two have fun together.
*Quick on the uptake, I see. He exits the classroom giving me a thumbs up on the way out.*
Satoru: Well, he's pretty nice and understanding.
Hazuki: Urk, I'll need to wrap them with differing patterns from now on...
Hazuki: Is this place alright?
Satoru: Yeah. Let's get to eating. I'm really excited to try this.
Hazuki: *giggle* Seeing the joy on your face makes it all the more worthwhile.
*She smiles for me.*
*It's such a beautiful smile that I end up captivated for a second.*
Satoru: ......
Hazuki: Hm? What is it?
Satoru: Err, it's nothing.
*I can't say that I was distracted by her smile; that's too embarrassing.*
*She's got me completely beat... I can't believe just a smile was enough to make me space out.*
Satoru: Alright, let's see what we have.
*I excitedly open the boxed lunch.*
Satoru: Wh-Whoa.
*Well, it looks quite... meat-y.*
Hazuki: *giggle* Help yourself. I'll help myself to my lunch as well.
*Her lunch is similarly full of meat.*
Satoru: ......
Hazuki: ......
*There's a number of barbecued beef ribs sitting atop a bed of rice.*
*Aside from that, there are some pieces of karaage and pork shabu-shabu with sauce.*
*It's a full meat course.*
Satoru: There's... a lot of meat.
Hazuki: Ahhhhhh! Curses! I forgot to make it balanced and just threw in dishes that I like!
Hazuki: Urk... This meat-filled lunch doesn't look pretty at all...
Satoru: I-It's fine! I love meat!
Hazuki: No, save me the pity...
Satoru: I'm being honest. It's a very manly-looking meal.
Hazuki: Manly... Urk...
*Oh, now I've done it.*
Satoru: I really don't care about what's in it. I'm just happy you prepared food for me.
Hazuki: R-Really? 
Satoru: Plus I'm in the mood for meat today. You really know me well, huh?
*Perhaps reassured by my smile, her mood immediately brightens.*
Hazuki: R-Right! Men's bodies require the energy that meat provides! I... think!
Satoru: I guess you like meat a lot too?
Hazuki: Yes, you could say that. I like eating meat at restaurants, but I also like cooking it myself.
Hazuki: With a boxed lunch, the food won't be eaten right away, so that changes the cooking process a bit.
Hazuki: I regret forgetting to make a balanced meal, but I do have confidence in my meat-cooking skills, if nothing else.
Hazuki: I put great care into making sure the meat wouldn't get hard or stale.
Satoru: Hmm. Let's give it a try then.
*I bite into the ribs first.*
Satoru: Ngh...
Hazuki: Ngh?! I-Is everything alright?!
Satoru: It's so good!
Hazuki: A-Ah. Phew, thank goodness.
*She exhales in relief.*
Satoru: It's like an explosion of flavor with every bite. And it's so soft and juicy I can't believe it's beef.
Hazuki: That would be because I dipped it in a special sauce made from grated apples last night, and I also let it thaw to room temperature before cooking it instead of doing it right out of the fridge.
Hazuki: The trick is to use high heat for a short cooking time.
*Okay, now let's try the shabu-shabu. Although I don't think this is something you normally find in lunch boxes...*
Satoru: Whoa, this is amazing!
Hazuki: *giggle* You exaggerate so much. Not that I don't appreciate the praise.
Satoru: Oh, I'm serious.
Satoru: The soft texture and the sour taste of the sauce make such a great combination, and the pork itself is also really sweet.
Satoru: I just don't have the words. It's too good!
*The shabu-shabu serves the purpose of being a palette-cleanser for the oily chicken. She really thought this through.*
Hazuki: Pork shabu-shabu is good if you want to avoid the meat getting stale, and it's also quite delicious.
Hazuki: You need to be very careful with temperatures; don't cook it too quickly, and don't let it cool too much. It's a tricky dish to master.
*She's really knowledgeable when it comes to cooking, and she can actually do it too.*
Satoru: I'm surprised you're this good at cooking.
Hazuki: I-It isn't anything special. Most girls can cook to some extent.
Satoru: Well, you know a lot about the process and the ingredients. You could probably even give a lecture on certain stuff.
Hazuki: All I did was look up recipes for dishes I liked and learn how to cook them through experience.
Hazuki: It's no big accomplishment.
Satoru: Maybe, but you made it specifically for me this time, and that makes me really happy.
Hazuki: *giggle* They often have food depictions in The Oni Detective Crime Files, right?
Hazuki: Back in those days, ingredients spoiled quickly, and it was difficult to even get your hands on quality ingredients in the first place.
Hazuki: But nevertheless, Onihara's wife always does her best in order to put delicious food on the table for her husband.
Hazuki: That determination truly left a mark on me.
Hazuki: I always dreamed about serving my husband delicious food, if I ever got one.
Satoru: And I'm the only person you've ever felt that way about?
Hazuki: Wh-Why of course! This is my first time cooking food for someone else...
Satoru: Well, this is also my first time receiving a homemade lunch from my girlfriend, so thank you.
Hazuki: Arihara-kun...
Hazuki: I didn't think you would be so pleased. It makes me so happy.
Hazuki: But I think I'd like to take more time and make something more becoming of a lady next time and thereafter.
Satoru: I'm fine with these meat-only dishes, to be honest.
Hazuki: B-But I want you to see me in a more feminine light...
Hazuki: Wait, wh-what am I even saying? Ahahahah! Ahh...
Satoru: Oh, you don't need to worry about that. I think you're already very feminine and cute.
Hazuki: Huh? Wh-Wha, wha, wha?!
Satoru: I mean it. I've always thought you were cute for the longest time.
Hazuki: ○×△□☆!
*While emitting a series of strange sounds, she presents a piece of chicken to me.*
Hazuki: A-A-A-Arihara-kun!
Satoru: Y-Yeah?
Hazuki: Surely that amount of food isn't enough to fill a healthy man's stomach?! You can have some of mine, if you'd like!
Satoru: Huh? S-Sure, thanks.
*I try to pick up a piece of chicken with my chopsticks, but she shakes her head emphatically.*
Hazuki: Not like that. Here, allow me to feed you.
Satoru: Err, but...
Hazuki: Please! I really, really want to!
Hazuki: Feeding your boyfriend comes in at number eight in the ranking of romantic situations that all young girls dream of!
Hazuki: Now that we're a couple, this is something we must experience at least once.
Satoru: I don't know about that...
*I feel like she's mentioned that weird ranking thing once before.*
*Oh, well. It's my duty as a boyfriend to give her what she wants.*
Satoru: Okay. We can do it if you want.
Hazuki: Here, open wide.
Satoru: Ahhh...
*I open wide and take a bite of the chicken by the tip of her chopsticks.*
*Hmm... Couples do some pretty embarrassing stuff.*
Hazuki: *giggle* You had your mouth open so wide it was adorable. You looked just like a little kid.
Satoru: Wow. Why are you making fun of me? You're the one who forced me to do it.
Hazuki: I-I'm not trying to disparage you! I meant it when I said you looked adorable!
Satoru: I kind of doubt that...
Hazuki: I mean it! Just seeing it caused my heart to skip a beat.
Satoru: Alright, then it's my turn now.
Hazuki: Huh?
Satoru: Come on, open wide now.
*She realizes I'm trying to feed her and instantly freezes in place.*
Hazuki: N-No, I think I will pass.
Satoru: Well, I think I have a right to do it too.
Hazuki: Y-Yes, you do, of course.
Hazuki: But I think this is strictly something that the girl should do for the boy.
Satoru: Then I'm the girl and you're the boy.
Hazuki: Why am I the boy?!
Satoru: Look, come on. Just open your mouth.
Hazuki: N-Ngh...
Satoru: Open wide for me.
Hazuki: A-Ahhh...
*She blushes and opens her mouth... but before she gets a bite, I quickly pull out the chopsticks.*
Hazuki: Ah! Stop it! Why are you teasing me like that?!
Satoru: Haha! You're just so cute when you get mad.
Hazuki: Urgh. That's cheap of you! How am I supposed to get mad when you look like you're having so much fun?
Satoru: Sorry, my bad. I'll give it to you now, so cheer up.
Satoru: Here, say ahhh.
Hazuki: Ahhh... *munch* *munch*... *giggle* It's very good.
Satoru: Well, of course it is. You were the one who made it.
Hazuki: Yes, but it's approximately ten times tastier when you give it to me!
*So she says, with a huge smile on her face.*
*After school, Nijouin-san offered to help me study, so we came to my room again.*
Hazuki: You seem to be making good progress. You really are a fast learner, aren't you?
Satoru: Oh, no way. It's all thanks to your guidance.
Hazuki: I haven't done all that much. Your capacity to learn is just naturally high.
Hazuki: You have both the brain and the brawn. You're truly invincible, and very worthy of being my shogun!
Satoru: Huh?
Hazuki: Never mind that.
Hazuki: I'm personally quite jealous of how prolific you are at everything.
Satoru: I think you're pretty good both physically and mentally too.
Hazuki: Hardly. I realized how inadequate I truly was from meeting you.
Hazuki: When I was a little girl, I wanted to be a police officer when I grew older so I could punish the bad guys. Just like the shogun and Onikin.
Hazuki: That dream is still more or less the same for me now.
Hazuki: I want to work for the benefit of society and do my part to not let evil take root.
Hazuki: But I've now realized that, in reality, such a thing will be difficult for me to accomplish.
Hazuki: I'm not as strong as my father or you. Neither physically nor mentally.
Hazuki: And becoming a police officer as an Astral is very difficult. They only hire the best of the best.
Satoru: Yeah, it seems that way.
*An equal employment act was enacted for Astrals a few years ago, so it's illegal to discriminate against them because of their powers.*
*But the imbalance is still quite marked in the police force and other special occupations.*
Hazuki: Oh, I have a great idea!
*Her eyes twinkle and she sidles up next to me.*
Hazuki: I can become the wife of a police officer! Say, does that sound like something you would be interested in doing?
Satoru: Err, I'm an Astral like you, though...
Hazuki: Someone as amazing as you should have no problem getting accepted! I'll even help you study.
Hazuki: If we work hard together, I just know that we can make it happen!
*She's talking quite excitedly about this plan of hers.*
Satoru: Wait a minute. Let's put the whole becoming a police officer thing aside for now.
Hazuki: But why?
Satoru: Well, uhh, you keep talking about becoming my wife. Are you going to marry me?
Hazuki: Oh, umm... I'd certainly like to. W-Would you not want me as your wife?
*Wh-What the heck? We've only been dating for a day and she's already proposing to me?!*
Satoru: No, that's not what I'm saying... I just mean it's probably a little soon for us to be thinking about stuff like marriage.
Hazuki: R-Right! I'm the one being too hasty. Apologies. Forget I said anything.
Hazuki: But... I would love to marry you one day.
*She glances at me out of the corner of her eye. What an adorable thing.*
Satoru: By the way, I've been meaning to ask about something.
Hazuki: Y-Yes? Is this about how you don't want me as your wife?
Satoru: No, that's not it.
Hazuki: Then what is it?
Satoru: Since we're dating now, I was just thinking about potentially switching to first names.
Hazuki: P-Perhaps we should. If I take your last name, I'll also be Arihara, so calling each other by our last names will be inconvenient.
*Yeah, I think it's a little too soon to be worrying about that.*
Hazuki: What would you have me call you instead?
Satoru: Just Satoru is fine.
Hazuki: D-Dropping all honorifics right away? Th-That's a bit of a tall order.
Satoru: Can I call you... Hazuki then?
*Hmm, it really is a bit embarrassing.*
Hazuki: Y-Yes, please do...
Satoru: Try saying my name.
Hazuki: S-Satoru-san!
Satoru: Now try it without the "san."
Hazuki: Urk. Satoru...
Satoru: Good job.
Hazuki: Kun.
Satoru: Hm?
Hazuki: S-Satoru... Sato, Satoru-kun!
Satoru: Come on now.
Hazuki: Ahhh! I can't, I can't! I have to use an honorific when addressing you!
Hazuki: P-Please allow me to use Satoru-kun! I beg of you!
*She puts her hands together and begs as her face turns red.*
Satoru: Alright. Just try getting more used to it slowly and steadily.
Hazuki: A-Alright. O-One more time... S-Satoru-kun.
Hazuki: Zzz... Zzz...
*She begins dozing off.*
*I said I was gonna stay awake a little longer after we finished studying, and she decided to stay and keep me company.*
*It seems like she intends to stay here until I go to bed. *
Hazuki: Nhh... Ehehe, Satoru-kun... Zzz...
Satoru: Hey, wake up.
Hazuki: Ah... Ahh!
Satoru: If you're tired, you should go on to your room so you can sleep.
Hazuki: B-But...
Satoru: Do you wanna do something?
Hazuki: Huh? Well, I do, but let's not talk about that.
*What is she talking about?*
Hazuki: What I mean is that I think it would be rude of me to go to sleep before my husband.
Hazuki: An ideal wife must sleep after her husband and wake up earlier. That is how it should be, no?
Satoru: Well, you're not my wife yet.
Hazuki: I know that. It is just something I aspire towards.
Hazuki: Don't you think I should be learning these habits sooner rather than later?
Hazuki: That's why I want to ingrain them into my mind now.
*She's a little intense...*
Satoru: But it's really late, and you look really sleepy.
Hazuki: Th-This is nothing! I will not fall sleep until you do!
Hazuki: I'm awake... Really... Zzz...
*She seems determined, but I can see her nodding off already.*
Satoru: Are you sure you wanna do that?
Hazuki: Hunh?
Satoru: If you fall asleep here, I might get the wrong idea.
Hazuki: What do you mean?
Satoru: Welll... I might think you're tempting me.
Hazuki: U-Um... do you mean "tempt" in the lewd sense?
Satoru: I'll leave that up to your imagination.
*I flash her a sly grin.*
Hazuki: H-HUUUUUH?!
*She's fully awake in a second.*
Hazuki: W-We've only been in this relationship for a day! I-I need time to prepare myself for those things...
Hazuki: But if you really wish to, I-I would be willing!
Hazuki: N-No, wait! I-I'm nyot readyyyy!
*She panics and backs off.*
Satoru: Pfft. Haha! I was just joking. Relax.
Hazuki: Huh? Wh-What? You were only joking?!
Satoru: Now be a good girl and go on back to your room so you can get some sleep.
Hazuki: N-Ngh... Okay. I'll leave for today.
Satoru: Good night, Hazuki.
Hazuki: Agh, curses! I feel you bested me--I don't know why, but I do! I'll get payback for this someday, I swear!
*She leaves, visibly flustered and embarrassed.*
================================================================================
Satoru: Ready to get going, Hazuki?
Hazuki: Yes. Just give me one moment to pack my things.
*School is out now, and I have nothing to do, so I leave with Hazuki.*
Satoru: Oh, right. Tomorrow's Saturday. You got anything planned?
Hazuki: I recorded a rerun of the sequel to Killer Trio that aired early in the morning, so I'll be watching that.
Satoru: Don't you own that on DVD already?
Hazuki: Why of course.
Satoru: Then why don't you just watch that?
Hazuki: You don't seem to understand, so here, I'll explain. The aspect radio of old shows is 4:3.
Hazuki: But modern televisions can go up to 16:9, so there's more space in the margins.
Hazuki: I need to see what's in those new details!
*I'm still confused, I'm afraid to say.*
Hazuki: During broadcasts, that leftover space in the margins is usually covered in ads and weather reports, right?
Satoru: I guess. So, what about it?
Hazuki: When you see it in the moment it feels so realistic!
Satoru: I mean, these shows take place in old time periods, so I'm not sure "realistic" is the word...
Hazuki: Why must you be like that? I thought you of all people would get it!
*All I know is that her passion for these shows is really strong.*
Hazuki: Let's watch the recording of the rerun together. You need to understand how it feels firsthand.
Satoru: Uhh, it's a Saturday, Hazuki. Do you really want to spend our weekend watching TV? Let's go out somewhere and do something.
Hazuki: Hm? Do you have something to do?
Satoru: Well, not really. But we're a couple now, right?
Hazuki: Ah, so that's what you meant.
Hazuki: Y-You are asking if I'd... like to go on a date?
Satoru: Yep.
Hazuki: Y-You are right. I shouldn't be watching reruns of television shows like some old timer!
Satoru: I mean, we can watch it if you really want to.
Hazuki: No! We must do as our fellow youth do! By going out, taking pictures, and eating at the seaside bar!
Hazuki: And after that, we'll... *giggle*
Satoru: Uh, I think we're a little too young to enter bars.
Hazuki: Ah, that is true.
*Why is her idea of a date so specific?*
Hazuki: Regardless, we should go out and experience the town tomorrow! Make sure to fill out your permission form before the end of the day.
Satoru: Alright.
Hazuki: Hm? Wait. What should we write as our reason for leaving campus?
Hazuki: We can hardly say that it's for a date... Oh goodness, this is a problem!
Satoru: Can't we just say we're gonna do some shopping?
Hazuki: Urk. I don't want to feel like I'm tiptoeing around the rules... but I suppose in this case, we have no other choice.
*She's just the person I'd expect to worry about that.*
Chisaki: Oh, I spot two lovebirds!
*We run into Mibu-san on our way to the dorm.*
Hazuki: S-Stop that! You'll give everyone who can hear you the wrong idea.
Chisaki: Isn't it the truth, though?
Hazuki: Even if it is, I would really prefer you to act with a little more decorum and discretion.
Chisaki: Sorry, I don't know what those words mean.
Hazuki: All I am asking is that you make no mention of us being a "couple" or "lovebirds" in public.
Chisaki: Okie dokie. I'll try not to.
Satoru: Are you really going to, though...
Chisaki: Well, it's hard, alright? When girls talk, ninety percent of the time it's about boys. 
Hazuki: What?! I-Is that truly the case?!
Satoru: I'd say with you, Hazuki, that ninety percent is for historical shows.
Hazuki: Yes, I may talk about them often, but you're blowing it out of proportion!
Chisaki: That sounds great, honestly. I had to listen to my friend fret about relationship woes all day.
Hazuki: Wh-What kind of problems are they having?
Chisaki: *giggle* Curious, are you? Well, I guess it makes sense to be. You're a new couple.
Hazuki: I-I told you not to say that!
Satoru: Can we talk inside the dorm, please?
Hazuki: So, what was your friend concerned about?
*They settle down in the lobby and keep talking.*
Chisaki: You guys are both Astrals, so it probably wouldn't apply to your situation.
Chisaki: With my friend, she's a non-Astral, but her boyfriend's an Astral.
Hazuki: Hrm.
Chisaki: Things are going great between them right now, but marriage might present a few issues if they ever decide to.
Satoru: Yeah... A lot of older people might not be okay with a non-Astral marrying an Astral.
*The younger generation is generally very accepting of Astrals, but their parents, on the other hand, are still a bit intolerant.*
*A lot of them would be disgusted if their grandchildren turned out to be Astrals.*
Hazuki: What an awful prejudice. Everyone knows that abilities aren't transmitted genetically.
Chisaki: Yeah, it's real silly. But some people just can't be convinced otherwise.
*Despite the progress that modern science has made, there's still plenty of people that judge based on their bigoted world-views and perceptions.*
*That's especially true of the older generation, since they grew up in different times.*
Chisaki: So, yeah. That's the problem. Neither of them really knew what to do, and it's making it hard for them to take their relationship to the next step.
Hazuki: What do you mean specifically by that?
Chisaki: Oh, well, you know. Sex, and stuff like that?
Hazuki: Wha--?! W-Watch your mouth! We're in an academy facility right now!
Chisaki: Huh? Are you one of those people that doesn't believe in premarital sex?
Hazuki: Urk, w-well...
Chisaki: I sympathize with you, Arihara-senpai.
*She offers me a little bow.*
Satoru: Don't worry. I'm prepared.
*I always assumed Hazuki would be a bit prudish.*
*So it doesn't really come as a surprise to me.*
Hazuki: W-Wait! I never said that I was against it!
Hazuki: A-As long as you're dating with the intent to marry, um... I don't see the harm.
Chisaki: Your idea of love is pretty... overbearing.
Hazuki: O-Overbearing... So I'm an overbearing woman...
*Can't really deny she is sometimes.*
Chisaki: But yeah, their relationship's kinda gone sour because of all this.
Chisaki: She was asking me if they should break up or not.
Satoru: Hmm...
*There's a lot of obstacles in the way of a romance between an Astral and a non-Astral. It won't work unless they see eye-to-eye.*
Hazuki: Do they love each other?
Chisaki: Oh, you bet! They were just as passionate as you guys not too long ago!
Hazuki: Then they mustn't break up.
Hazuki: What they need to do is come together and discuss their future until they arrive at an agreement on what to do.
Chisaki: Easy to say. She wouldn't be so worried if she could do that.
Hazuki: Then bring them to me.
Hazuki: I will mediate between them.
Chisaki: Huh? I don't want to bother you with my friend's problems, though...
Hazuki: I'm not one to stick my nose into others' private business and tell them how to live.
Hazuki: However, if they clearly love one another, then their future hinges on this!
Hazuki: With such a serious predicament, there should be no reason to hesitate.
Hazuki: You don't need to worry about me. I'll make time to talk to them whenever.
*She seems really serious about this.*
Chisaki: Whoa. You have a really big sense of responsibility, huh?
Hazuki: No, I wouldn't quite say so...
Satoru: I think she just wants to help others, and doesn't want to let an opportunity to do so slip by.
Hazuki: Ah, yes. That's it.
Chisaki: Looks like you know all about your sweetheart! I'm proud of you, Mister Boyfriend.
*It's kinda embarrassing when she puts it like that.*
Chisaki: Alright. I'll try pitching the idea to my friend when I see her next.
Chisaki: I'll tell you later if she's up for it!
Hazuki: Thank you. I will do everything in my power to help them.
Satoru: Good for you, Hazuki.
Chisaki: But why are you doing all this?
Chisaki: My friend and her boyfriend are complete strangers to you. What do you get from all this?
Hazuki: I'm not doing it for any benefit of my own.
Hazuki: If someone is struggling, I want to lend them a hand. That is my personal creed.
Chisaki: Whoa...
Hazuki: Wh-What is it? Why are you looking at me like that?
Chisaki: Oh my god. You're SO cool, Nijouin-senpai!
Satoru: Isn't she? I couldn't be prouder to call myself her boyfriend.
*She spares no effort to try and better this world and all those who live in it.*
*That's why I fell in love with her.*
Hazuki: S-Stop it. I'm just doing this because I want to.
Chisaki: Oh, why don't you start a consultation service or something? Have you ever thought about that?
Satoru: What do you mean?
Chisaki: Hmm, something like a club where people can come and freely discuss their problems?
Satoru: I think the academy has counselors already.
Chisaki: Well, things need to get really bad before you go see a counselor. And all the sessions with them are recorded.
Chisaki: I've also heard that Astrals are often looked into for research while they're on counseling.
Chisaki: It's just not the kind of person you'd go to to talk about your love life. You know what I mean?
Satoru: I guess that makes sense.
Chisaki: So if you created a place where people could go for those less-serious problems, I think it'd be a big hit!
Chisaki: Plus I bet people would trust the dorm manager with their problems.
Satoru: That idea doesn't actually sound half bad.
*I'm sure she could do a lot for others by giving advice like that.*
*She gets to help others, and others get advice. It's a win-win.*
Hazuki: Hmm. I'm not so sure about that.
Satoru: You don't like it?
Hazuki: I do want to help people in trouble.
Hazuki: But if I start giving consultations, I'm certain people will think I'm haughty and want to meddle in people's lives.
Chisaki: You shouldn't pay that much attention to what other people think.
Satoru: I agree.
Hazuki: And if something problematic happens because of it, it might end up reflecting badly on Satoru-kun, or heaven forbid, my father.
Hazuki: That is what I'm more afraid of.
Chisaki: Oh, right. Your dad's a big shot in the police, right?
Chisaki: I can definitely see why you'd be worried.
*Just like Hazuki says, she should avoid potential problems if she can.*
*But then what about her own wishes? Would she want to do this if she could?*
Hazuki: But your friends are a special case, so tell them that they're free to talk to me if they would like.
Chisaki: You got it. Thanks again for doing this!
================================================================================
? ? ?: ......
*I get out of the dorm, and head to this abhorrent school again.*
*This damned place is rotten and corrupt at every single level.*
*They pretend that their goal is to spread awareness about astral abilities and raise their students to become productive members of society.*
*But that's nothing more than a front.*
*The academy uses its position to get financial contributions from sponsors and donors. It's all an elaborate money-making scheme.*
*And we're the zoo animals they use to keep the curious onlookers coming and dumping cash in their pockets.*
*That's the only reason they're willing to admit people with problematic pasts, or those with these unique astral abilities. We're just tools to them.*
*What does the school even do for the students it uses to fleece money out of its donors?*
*If you look at one of their pamphlets, you'd learn that they have programs to facilitate employment in the future, or that you can become an astral researcher, but that's just what they want you to think.*
*"We do not discriminate based on whether one has an astral ability or not."*
*All these companies might tout that nonsense, but that's only so they can "pretend" they don't. Discrimination against Astrals is still alive and well in every level of society.*
*In particular, those who've gotten in trouble because of their abilities in the past. They're branded criminals for life, their futures stunted. And this shithole of an academy is happy to turn a blind eye to that.*
*All information concerning our astral abilities is given to the police, where we're categorized and put on a list.*
*Once they know we have abilities at all, any run-in we have with the law--no matter how trivial--is immediately exacerbated, and we're judged unfairly.*
*The police confiscate various weapons from public citizens in order to prevent crime.*
*Guns and knives, of course, but it doesn't stop there. Useful tools like Swiss army knives and even screwdrivers are also regulated heavily.*
*It doesn't matter who the person is, whether they're a law-abiding citizen or not.*
*Any person in possession of a weapon that could be used to commit a crime is immediately branded a potential criminal.*
*That's why our abilities are such a thorn in the side to those pigs.*
*Despite the fact that we have these mysterious and potent powers, they can't take them away from us.*
*So, instead, they automatically assume we're guilty, no matter the situation. They blatantly said that to my face.*
*"You were born a criminal."*
*I tried telling them I was innocent over and over again, but no one cared to listen to my side of the story.*
*Just remembering it all makes me seethe with rage.*
*The police aren't some "arbiters of justice," like they preach.*
*They just want to find someone to assign blame to so they can close cases and move on. It doesn't matter how many lives they ruin in the process.*
*In that sense, we Astrals are the perfect scapegoats.*
*They use us to wipe their noses, and once they're done with us, they dump us in the academy where they can squeeze even more out of our lives.*
? ? ?: Justice, my ass.
*There's even a student at this academy that comes from a family that's profited off the suffering of Astrals.*
*Now she's even got a boyfriend, and walks around the school with that dopey face of hers, like all is right with the world. Just thinking about it makes me sick to my stomach.*
*She'll probably have an easy life after she graduates here, free of worry, while I'll be forced to trudge through the mud like all the people the police have chewed and spat out.*
*Why is she any better than me? What did I ever do? Why is this world so unfair?*
*I'll make her pay, I swear on it.*
? ? ?: Nijouin Hazuki... You'll see.
*I won't rest until you're brought down from your ivory tower and covered in mud like the rest of us!*
*Morning classes are over, and now it's time for lunch.*
Satoru: What do you wanna do today? Eat together just the two of us?
Hazuki: I'll do whatever you want to do, Satoru.
Kyouhei: Hmm?
Satoru: What're you staring at us like that for, Kyouhei?
Kyouhei: Oh, nothing. I just noticed that Nijouin-san called you Satoru, so I was wondering what happened for that switch to happen.
Hazuki: Ah!
Kyouhei: Oh-hoo? She's blushing madly now! Whatever could this mean?
Hazuki: Ngh!
*She's not doing a very good job of hiding this...*
Ayase: Suou-kun?
Ayase: You'll never be popular with women if you can't learn to respect someone's privacy.
Kyouhei: Urk... That'd suck.
Satoru: It's okay. I'm sure you'd still be popular among guys, if you catch my drift.
Kyouhei: Well, I don't want that!
Hazuki: Urk... I'll stop calling you Satoru then!
Satoru: You can call me that if you want. Don't let it embarrass you.
Kyouhei: Sorry, Nijouin-san. I wasn't trying to tease you or anything.
Hazuki: It's alright. I'm not upset at you.
Hazuki: There's nothing unbecoming about our relationship, so I have nothing to be ashamed of. Isn't that right?
Satoru: I think you're pretty cute when you get embarrassed, though.
Hazuki: N-Ngh, you big dummy! You say one thing, and now you say the other! Which is it?!
Kyouhei: Ugh... I can't bear to watch this...
Satoru: Are you gonna eat with us, by the way?
Kyouhei: Hell no! You think a single man like me wants to share a table with a pair of lovebirds like you two?!
Hazuki: A-A pair of what now?!
Kyouhei: I don't wanna be a third wheel, so I'll just go eat by myself. Bye!
*He leaves without another word said.*
Hazuki: Hrmm. Are we really that unbearable to be around?
Hazuki: Perhaps we should start exercising some restraint...
Satoru: Eh, it's not like we're doing anything bad. I don't see the need.
Hazuki: But engaging in excessive displays of affection in public will probably land us in trouble with those in charge of overseeing behavior within the academy.
Hazuki: I think we need to be mindful of our--
*I hear an explosion sound nearby, and white blurs of something appear around us and warp the surrounding air.*
Satoru: Hazuki!
*I immediately cover her and turn my back to the sound.*
Hazuki: Wh-What just happened?!
*I see a big red object rolling along in the corner of my eye.*
*It's a fire extinguisher.*
Satoru: We need to get away from here!
*I grab her arm and run down the hall.*
*Students scream as they escape from the scene. It looks like we weren't the only ones in the vicinity of it.*
Hazuki: *cough* *cough*... I-I breathed in a little of it.
Satoru: We'll be safe here. Take deep breaths now.
*The chemical components inside fire extinguishers don't have harmful effects on the human body, so breathing in a little of it shouldn't cause complications.*
*That's not the problem, though.*
*I try to recall the exact moment it went off.*
*Hazuki and I were the only two people close to it. It couldn't have been activated manually by someone.*
*So, what? It malfunctioned? No--there's simply no way.*
*The statistical probability of a fire extinguisher breaking and going off on its own is astronomically small.*
*Which means someone deliberately set it off.*
Satoru: (It's them!)
*My intuition is tingling. This has to be the work of that mystery criminal behind the incidents across town.*
*He causes a scene, but stops short of actually injuring others. It's the same as all the others.*
Satoru: (But you made a grave mistake pulling one of your little pranks here in the academy, buddy!)
*I can now claim with certainty that the culprit is someone connected to the academy.*
*There are surveillance cameras all over the buildings. Examining the footage should narrow down the search.*
*But something else is bugging me.*
*This time, it seems like the culprit was specifically targeting either me or Hazuki.*
*Which raises the possibility that the faucet incident weeks ago was also meant to target her.*
Satoru: (I'm gonna find you, whoever you are...)
*If they're really trying to hurt Hazuki, I'll make them regret it.*
Satoru: Sorry for calling you here out of the blue.
Nanami: Don't worry about it. So is Nijouin-senpai okay?
Satoru: She's in the infirmary resting right now, but she'll be fine.
*I switch out the sim card and call Dad.*
*We need to take swift countermeasures now that the culprit has struck again. That being the case, I got Nanami to come here so she could be present for the discussion.*
Ryuunosuke: "I'm here."
Satoru: Levy Six speaking. I have an update.
Satoru: Today, a crime was committed on school grounds, and we have sufficient reason to suspect that it was perpetrated by the criminal we're looking for.
Ryuunosuke: "Copy that. Tell me what happened."
*I proceed to relay to him everything that transpired.*
Satoru: So that's why I think we're dealing with the same criminal in this case.
Ryuunosuke: "The result of our investigation determined that most of the incidents shared one thing in common: appliances exploding due to high internal pressure."
Ryuunosuke: "The fire extinguisher could've been tampered with in the same manner."
Ryuunosuke: "The only question is who did this, and how."
*We witnessed the fire extinguisher explode before our very eyes.*
*So it's safe to assume that our criminal can apply his astral abilities remotely.*
Ryuunosuke: "We might be able to find some sort of lead by analyzing the school's security camera footage. Can you do that?"
Satoru: What do you say?
*I turn to Nanami, who's quietly listening in on the conversation.*
Nanami: Hrmm. We'd need to perform advanced analysis and study the behavioral patterns of all people caught on footage fifteen minutes before and after the incident.
Nanami: After that, we'd need to make a list of relevant suspects and narrow it down to at least ten via the AIMS database.
Nanami: Then we'd need to tail each of them, get a grasp on their abilities, and hopefully find a suspect...
Satoru: Levy Nine says it'll be done.
Nanami: Umm, Onii-chan? That's not what I said!
*I can leave all the nitty gritty work to Nanami.*
*The important part is that we have the tools to narrow down the suspects.*
Ryuunosuke: "Do you need us to provide anything?"
Nanami: Once we have the video feed, we'll need you guys to analyze it.
Ryuunosuke: "Alright. I'll leave everything to you two then. Good luck."
Satoru: Thanks.
*I hang up and quickly replace my SIM card.*
*Sadly... I have no messages or missed calls from Hazuki.*
Satoru: Okay, let's get started. What do we do first?
Nanami: First, we'll need to extract the video footage from the server in the security room. I'm doing that now.
Nanami: Once we have the data, we'll have to send it to the analysis team, and it'll probably take until morning for them to look over it.
Nanami: If the results are good, then we can go ahead and infiltrate the lab and compare it with the AIMS database.
Nanami: So you won't be able to do much until tomorrow.
Satoru: Alright...
*I won't let anyone put Hazuki in danger's way again.*
*The sooner we catch this criminal, the sooner we can get back to our daily lives.*
Nanami: I know how you feel, but rushing things won't get us anywhere.
Satoru: Is it that obvious?
Nanami: Very obvious.
Satoru: Okay. I'll be careful.
*Haste makes waste, or so they say.*
*If I let impatience get to me, I could end up making some sort of blunder and ruining everything.*
Nanami: I think it's pretty clear that the criminal was targeting you two this time.
Nanami: I'm just as upset about that as you are.
Nanami: I'll do my best, so just have some patience.
Satoru: Thanks, Nanami.
*While I appreciate her concern, I feel a bit pathetic as her older brother for having to have her cheer me up.*
*I need to keep it together so I don't worry her too much.*
================================================================================
*The analysis results arrived the next day, just as Nanami predicted.*
*AI was used to identify anyone who displayed a special interest in the fire extinguisher or acted suspicious around the scene of the crime.*
*Ultimately, it narrowed down the potential suspects to sixteen candidates.*
*A little more than Nanami suggested at first, but we can still filter it through the AIMS database.*
Satoru: Nothing out of the ordinary here.
*Since we're going to be infiltrating later today, I have to do a preliminary check of the positions and orientation of the surveillance cameras.*
*I haven't noticed any changes since the incident yesterday; everything seems to be the same as the last time I checked.*
Hazuki: Oh, Satoru.
*As I'm walking down the sidewalk, I bump into Hazuki as she leaves the dorm.*
Hazuki: What are you doing here so late?
Satoru: Just taking an evening stroll. How about you?
Hazuki: I'm about to meet up with the security guards and do some rounds of patrolling with them.
Satoru: Oh, what for?
Hazuki: Well, you saw what happened yesterday, and we still haven't caught the person responsible.
Hazuki: That being the case, I decided to talk to the guards about strengthening security and reinstating patrols on campus.
*This is going to be a problem...*
*I already had a run-in with her and her water wires once on an infiltration mission, and it wasn't fun.*
Satoru: I know you're concerned and want to do something to help, but I don't think that's a good idea.
Hazuki: Why is that?
Satoru: That fire extinguisher went off in front of us. I think there's a chance they were specifically targeting us.
Satoru: If you started doing patrols at night, you'd just be playing right into their hands.
Hazuki: That would be perfect for me, actually. I'd be able to catch the criminal as soon as they came for me.
Satoru: You shouldn't underestimate them. What if they're someone as strong as Watarai?
Satoru: Thankfully I was around that time, but you can't always rely on luck to bail you out.
Hazuki: I-I suppose you do make a fair point.
Satoru: I'm worried about you, Hazuki. I don't want you to put yourself in harm's way.
Hazuki: ......
*I feel a little conflicted.*
*It's true that I'm worried about her, but at the same time, I don't want her to impede my mission.*
*In this line of work, there are times when you have to lie to someone who trusts you so the mission isn't jeopardized.*
*Sometimes we even have to take advantage of that trust to accomplish objectives. That's the hardest part of the job for me.*
Satoru: I think you should leave this to the people being paid to do the job and look out for yourself this time.
Hazuki: Thank you.
Hazuki: It makes me so very happy that you're concerned for my wellbeing.
Hazuki: But I'm the daughter of a police officer.
Hazuki: And a police officer must be prepared to put themselves in harm's way to apprehend a criminal and protect the safety of others.
Satoru: You're not a police officer, though.
Hazuki: I know that. But I have the same aspirations and values that my father does.
Hazuki: I want to make the world a better place. A place where people can smile and live their lives free of worry.
*Her ambitions are lofty.*
*But I still have to take advantage of that sincerity of hers.*
Satoru: Alright, but I want to go with you.
Hazuki: You want to patrol the campus with me?
Satoru: Yeah. It'll be like a night time date.
Hazuki: O-Oh. But if you're with me, I'm certain that I'll be too focused on you to pay attention to what I should be doing.
Hazuki: And then we'd no longer be patrolling... Ah, this is a horrible quandary!
Satoru: Well, I guess we shouldn't patrol together, but I'd still like to at least be close enough to know where you are.
Satoru: That way I can rush to help in case of an emergency. See what I mean?
Hazuki: Ah, yes! That would be very reassuring!
Hazuki: Would you like to come meet with the guards now so we can decide on patrolling routes?
Satoru: Yeah, let's go.
*Sorry, Hazuki.*
*By the time our meeting with the guards is over, it's already dark out.*
Hazuki: That took a little longer than I expected. I apologize for making you sit through all that.
Satoru: Don't sweat it.
*I was able to gleam how their patrolling patterns work from the meeting, and now I know what the holes in their net are.*
Satoru: We have patrol duty tomorrow, so we better rest well today so we're in top form then.
*During the meeting, I asked for Hazuki's shift to be scheduled for tomorrow.*
*That'll make my infiltration today easier.*
Hazuki: D-Do you have any plans after this?
Satoru: No, why?
Hazuki: Um, well, since I have to patrol tomorrow, I thought it would be nice if we could relax and spend the rest of the day together.
*Oh, I see what she wants now.*
*I'm glad she wants to spend time together, but I have a mission to do, so unfortunately, I can't spend my evening with her.*
Satoru: Sorry. I'm a little tired, so I'm probably gonna take a nap.
Hazuki: O-Oh, okay. That meeting was a bit long, so I understand.
Hazuki: I apologize for trying to keep you up. Go and get your sleep.
*I hate that I have to trick her like this, and that smile is only making the guilt hurt more.*
*I'm sorry, Hazuki...*
Satoru: What about tomorrow?
Hazuki: Yes, but I have to patrol tomorrow...
Satoru: Then how about I spend time with you until your shift starts?
Satoru: We can hang out during all our breaks, and after school too, if you want.
*That's the least I can do for her.*
Hazuki: W-Would you really?
Satoru: Of course. We can do whatever you want.
Hazuki: Thank you so much. You're such a kind person, and I'm so proud to call you my shogun.
*I wish I was as good a person as she thinks I am...*
Satoru: I'll send you a message when I wake up tomorrow.
Hazuki: Alright! I'll be looking for it.
================================================================================
Hazuki: Nothing out of the ordinary. Good.
*It has been a few days since I started doing nightly patrols.*
*Nothing has happened, and in fact, the academy has been quieter than ever.*
*Just like the previous time, I laid out water strings and focused on them to detect any intruders.*
Hazuki: Perfect. Nothing here either.
*I followed Satoru's advice and placed them in the blind spots that the surveillance cameras don't cover.*
*There should be no person able to break through this security net.*
*I've only been tasked with patrolling around the dorms and school building. The full-time guards are taking care of the rest of the campus grounds and the research building.*
Hazuki: I wonder if he's asleep already?
*When we met earlier this evening, he said he was tired so he'd be going to bed early.*
*He's been very tired these days, but I wouldn't dare bother him more than I already do. No matter how close we are, it's always important for people to have their space.*
Hazuki: A hedge between friends keeps relationships green, as they say.
*True gratitude is not imposed.*
*First you have to respect the other's personal space and not overstep boundaries. Trying to impose your good intentions on other people is no way to earn gratitude.*
*He is a person deserving of respect, which means I shouldn't try to pry into his life so much.*
Hazuki: I love him, of course. But still...
*Perhaps I overthink things sometimes.*
Hazuki: ......
*I find myself in front of the dorm.*
*Of course, my patrol path dictates that I keep going...*
Hazuki: Well, I doubt anyone will mind if I take a quick detour.
*Once I started thinking about him, I just got this sudden urge to see him.*
*I'll just go say hello, check on him, and return to work.*
Satoru: Okay, let's go over it one more time.
*After hearing Mayu-senpai's theory, I informed Dad that we could be dealing with an astral ability with a delayed effect.*
*Apparently, the possibility was so slim that it escaped even him.*
*He was seriously regretful that he didn't consider it before.*
*Moreover, the delayed effect is just an addition, not the astral ability itself.*
*Which means that it wouldn't show up in the AIMS database unless the person in question reported every minor detail of their ability.*
*Now we took that into consideration and studied the footage three days prior to each incident.*
*Of course, the same was done with the fire extinguisher footage.*
Nanami: "Our goal is to get all three days worth of video footage before the incident."
Satoru: Isn't three days, uh, a little excessive?
Nanami: "Well, that's why I brought the repeater for this job."
Satoru: You mean that box and the parabolic antenna?
*She dropped off a bag with a repeater inside earlier today. I think she requested it from HQ.*
Nanami: "You'll want to install the repeater into the circuit, and then we can retrieve all the data we need."
Nanami: "If you make a mistake, the circuit will trip and we'll get caught, so be careful."
Satoru: Will do.
*From what she explained to me, I need to cut some cables, wedge the repeater into the circuit and reconnect as fast as I can.*
Nanami: "Accessing the cables in the faculty room is our safest option."
Nanami: "No one goes in there at night, and the guards barely check that area."
Satoru: Alright.
Nanami: "It'll probably take about an hour to download the data. Once it's done, remove the repeater and withdraw."
Nanami: "The repeater's designed to work fast, so it's pretty big. Someone's bound to notice if you leave it there overnight."
Satoru: So I'll be staying inside the faculty room for that one hour time span? Got it.
*That's the gist of it.*
Satoru: I'm ready.
*I activate my optical camouflage and take a deep breath.*
Satoru: Let's do this.
*I proceed forward with caution.*
*Thankfully, this time, there's a hole in the net of Hazuki's water strings meant to make my infiltration job easier.*
*I pretended to give her advice on where to put them, and left a blind spot for me to use.*
Satoru: (Sorry about that, Hazuki.)
*I'm completely deceiving and using her now.*
*The lingering guilt eats at me, but what's done is done.*
*I sneakily maneuver past the surveillance cameras and water strings.*
Nanami: "Isn't she on patrol duty today?"
Satoru: Yeah.
Nanami: "Want me to find out where she is right now?"
Satoru: No need. I memorized all her routes for today already.
Satoru: Phew...
*She's responsible for patrolling the outside perimeters, so once I'm inside the building, there'll be no need to look out for water strings.*
Nanami: "This is Levy Nine. I've disabled the surveillance cameras in the staff room. You have three minutes."
Satoru: Levy Six. Copy that.
*I continue creeping towards the faculty room while being alert of my surroundings.*
Satoru: This is Levy Six. I'm in the faculty room and looking for the cables now.
Nanami: "There should be a forty-centimeter-long square access port on the right wall. You can get in from there."
*I follow her instructions and find the access point before long.*
*After opening it, I find a number of pipes and cables neatly arranged.*
Satoru: Levy Six here. I found the cables. There's a bunch of 'em; they look like spaghetti strands.
Nanami: "Do you see one that's thick and grey?"
Satoru: There are six grey ones, all with the same width.
Nanami: "Seriously? That's not what the blueprint says. Don't tell me they added them in later?"
Satoru: So only one of these six is the right one... Are we feeling lucky today?
Nanami: "They should have tags to assist maintenance personnel. Check them out, Levy Six, and see if they tell you anything."
Satoru: They all have barcodes printed on them.
Nanami: "Bingo! Send me the images."
*I send her a picture, and it doesn't take long for her to identify the cable.*
Satoru: Alright. Let's get cooking.
*I take out the antenna and the repeater from my backpack and install them.*
Nanami: "The reconnection can't take longer than one minute; keep that in mind."
Nanami: "Security will notice if it's cut off for too long."
Satoru: Urk. That's a tight time limit.
*To be honest, I'm not too confident, but I'll just have to do it.*
Satoru: Levy Six here. I'm starting now.
Nanami: "Hmm, hm, hmm! Hm, hm, hmm! Hm, hm, hmm! Hmm, hmm, hmm!"
*It's been about forty minutes since I inserted the repeater into the circuit and reconnected.*
Satoru: Levy Six here. I'm dying of boredom.
Nanami: "The speed of download is going smoothly, so it should all be done in another ten minutes or so."
Satoru: So ten more minutes of listening to your humming...
Nanami: "What are you trying to say? That I suck?"
Satoru: No, just that it might put me to sleep like a lullaby.
Nanami: "Ugh... That was a really creepy thing to say..."
*Wow. That stings...*
Nanami: "Hm? Wait a minute."
Satoru: What is it?
Nanami: "You're kidding. What is she--? This doesn't make sense! Why is she--?!"
*Her tone tells me it's something urgent.*
Satoru: What happened? What's the situation?
Nanami: "Onii-chan. I think Nijouin-senpai might be inside the school right now."
Satoru: Hazuki is?
*That's odd. She isn't supposed to be patrolling inside the building.*
*Why would she be here?*
Satoru: You're sure about this, Levy Nine?
Nanami: "A surveillance camera recorded her entering the building about ten minutes ago."
*Right at that moment, I catch a glimpse of something shining out of the corner of my eye.*
*It's a water droplet on my shoe, reflecting the light from the red emergency exit sign at the other end of the room.*
Satoru: W-Wait, she isn't--?!
Satoru: Ngh!
*I activate my optical camouflage, hide behind a desk, and eye the doorway through a tiny gap.*
Hazuki: ......
*No doubt about it. It's Hazuki.*
*She approaches the access point I opened without a moment of hesitation and stares at the repeater and antenna I'd installed.*
Hazuki: So this was your objective.
*It's over.*
*Now that we've been found out, retrieving the repeater would be pointless.*
*I might be leaving evidence behind, but I can still exit the room if I'm careful.*
Hazuki: Hiding is futile. I know that you're here.
Hazuki: Arihara Satoru.
Satoru: Ngh?!
*I'm left speechless.*
Hazuki: You might think I'm bluffing, but unfortunately for you, I have undeniable proof.
Hazuki: I witnessed some warped, transparent figure leaving your room earlier.
*What?! She saw me from the very beginning?!*
Hazuki: At first, I thought that some crook might have broken into your room. I earnestly wanted to believe that was the case.
Hazuki: But the more I followed you... I realized that it was you.
Hazuki: The figure managed to evade all of the security cameras and my water strings.
Hazuki: So easily, in fact, that it was as though they knew where they were to begin with.
*She slowly paces around the faculty room.*
Hazuki: What shook my conviction was the fact that you triggered a water string I set up, seemingly randomly.
Hazuki: You'd evaded my entire security net up to that point. Why that single string in particular?
Hazuki: The answer was simple. Because it wasn't planned in the net layout you taught me.
*She stops and surveys the room.*
*Then, a few water balls form and begin floating above her head.*
Hazuki: Would you please come out already? I don't want to have to make this difficult.
*Avoiding her and escaping... would be difficult, to say the least.*
*Sadly, it doesn't seem like I have a choice now.*
Satoru: Okay. You win.
*I deactivate my camouflage and come out with both hands up.*
Hazuki: Optics stealth camouflage... I'd heard about it from my father, but never have I seen it with my own two eyes.
Satoru: Listen, Hazuki. I...
Hazuki: I don't want to hear any excuses out of you.
*Her harsh tone is like a slap to the face.*
Hazuki: You seem familiar with infiltration techniques, and you have stealth equipment. Were you trying to hack into the laboratory's server and retrieve data?
Hazuki: This doesn't seem like some mere petty prank. Who are you, and what is your purpose here?
Satoru: I can't say.
Hazuki: I'm your girlfriend! Why do you keep secrets from me?!
Satoru: I know, but it's still something I can't tell you no matter how much I love you.
*No matter what, I can't reveal the existence of our organization.*
Hazuki: Then why did you tell me you were tired and wanted to rest? What was that?!
Hazuki: Did you lie just to deceive me?!
Satoru: I'm sorry.
Hazuki: What is that supposed to mean!? I trusted you!
*Tears start welling in the corners of her eyes.*
Satoru: What are you going to do about me?
Hazuki: I'll report you to the authorities. I'm not the one who's to decide your fate.
*She sends a withering glare my way.*
*I have nothing to say to her; I can't. Even if it makes me seem cruel and heartless.*
Satoru: I know I'm in no position to ask for anything, Hazuki, but will you allow me?
Hazuki: Speak.
Satoru: Could you pretend you didn't see anything here?
Hazuki: Hah! You misjudge me.
Hazuki: You want me to be swayed by emotion just because you're my boyfriend? What kind of person do you take me for?!
Hazuki: Laws are laws, and crimes are crimes, no matter who you are!
Satoru: Is that your pride as the daughter of a police officer talking?
Hazuki: Call it what you want.
*Yeah, I knew she'd say that.*
*Even if it hasn't been long, she is my girlfriend.*
Satoru: So, what do you want me to do?
Hazuki: The principal will probably want to question you later. Go to your room and stay there until then.
Satoru: Alright. Bye, Hazuki.
Hazuki: Farewell.
================================================================================
Ryuunosuke: "Good news, you two! We've found our culprit!"
*Dad sounds very cheerful, and for good reason.*
Satoru: Seriously?
Nanami: Would it kill you to act more professional, Dad?
Ryuunosuke: "Wow. You guys were all smiles last time we talked. Why so gloomy?"
*It's been two days since Hazuki caught me red-handed the faculty room.*
*I fully expected the principal to summon me, but nothing of the sort has happened so far.*
*If I had to speculate, I'd say that Hazuki still hasn't reported me to anyone.*
*Nanami was also listening in our conversation at that time, and she agrees that this the worst possible scenario we could be in.*
Satoru: Just tell us about the person you identified.
Ryuunosuke: "Hmm. Well, fine."
*Even with things as they are, we can't let the criminal roam free.*
*If I'm going to have to leave this school, I want to at least finish this before I do.*
Ryuunosuke: "We took into consideration the possibility of a delayed astral ability and performed analysis of the footage three days before the incidents."
Ryuunosuke: "After analyzing the footage from Washizu City and the one you sent, we were able to narrow down the suspects to one person."
Satoru: Who is it?
Ryuunosuke: "Just as we suspected, the person in question is a Kikka Academy student."
Ryuunosuke: "He's a third-year, and his name is Kido Naoki. His astral ability is atmospheric pressure manipulation."
Satoru: That's an odd ability.
Ryuunosuke: "It seems he can manipulate the air pressure of spaces as small as your fingertip. Also, he happens to be able to use a delayed effect."
Satoru: I see. So he causes changes in air pressure which appear to onlookers like water explosions?
Ryuunosuke: "Right. His ability can account for all the crimes committed thus far."
*This Kido guy has caused quite a stir.*
*He can create those high pressure spaces inside water pipes and liquids, so it wasn't readily apparent that it wasn't the water itself causing the explosions.*
*Also, the fact that he was able to create those high pressure spaces inside water cups tells me he has very precise control over his ability.*
*He's extremely familiar with it, and can use it to its maximum potential.*
*Those kinds of people are the worst criminals.*
Ryuunosuke: "But one question remains."
Ryuunosuke: "If he controls air pressure, he could have used it in many more ways. Why did he stick to water-related pranks?"
Nanami: Maybe he wanted to use it to camouflage his ability?
Ryuunosuke: "Hmm. That's very possible."
*We were completely fooled.*
*Since all the incidents were water related, we assumed the criminal must have been able to control water.*
Nanami: How were you able to get so much information about him without the AIMS database, though?
Ryuunosuke: "Because Kido Naoki has a criminal record."
Satoru: What was he charged with?
Ryuunosuke: "There are a myriad of separate offenses, but most of them are theft-related."
*Show me a liar and I'll show you a thief, as they say. Theft is where most criminals start.*
*All the most infamous criminals started by committing minor misdemeanors.*
Ryuunosuke: "According to the police database, the series of crimes he committed were forced upon him by his father, according to his testimony."
Ryuunosuke: "But his father denied the claims, so Kido was indicted and sent to a special juvenile detention facility for abusing his abilities."
Ryuunosuke: "Some time later, though, the school took notice of his situation and admitted him because of his background."
*So he entered the academy through the same astral protection program as Watarai.*
Satoru: So he started to dabble in crime again even after being given a path to redemption? Some never learn, I guess.
Ryuunosuke: "That's what you'd expect, but from looking at the details surrounding his case, I get the feeling he was treated quite unfairly."
Ryuunosuke: "It smells to me like he was falsely accused and the prosecution just took the easy way out and placed the blame on the Astral."
Nanami: Seriously? Isn't that, like, really bad?
Ryuunosuke: "If he really was blameless, this wouldn't rehabilitate him. On the contrary, it's no wonder he's lashing out."
*Our father is an extremely kindhearted person. He took me in back when I was a kid with violent tendencies that nobody wanted to deal with.*
*That's why I can feel some sympathy for Kido.*
*Still, we obviously can't let him continue down this path.*
Satoru: So, what do we do about him?
Nanami: The police has already gotten involved, haven't they? We probably don't need to do anything.
Ryuunosuke: "Well, it's a tricky matter."
Ryuunosuke: "He's using his astral ability to commit crime, and that can't be allowed."
Ryuunosuke: "But he's not injuring anyone, so if they caught him and tried to build a case against him, there's not much they could get him for besides property damage and causing a public disturbance."
Ryuunosuke: "And the delayed effect makes proving anything extremely difficult. Unless he makes a full confession, he probably won't get convicted."
Satoru: So what? We just let him be?
Ryuunosuke: "No. He needs to be punished, otherwise these pranks will continue."
Ryuunosuke: "I trust that you know what to do, Levy Six?"
Satoru: Just give him a stern warning, like I did to the guy behind the fake currency?
Ryuunosuke: "Bingo."
*I like where this is going. If I can get permission to deal with him directly, I'll be able to let out all my pent up anger on him.*
Satoru: Well, the sooner the better. I'll get working on that tonight.
Ryuunosuke: "Sounds good to me. Just keep in mind that he's still only a suspect. Get a confession if possible."
Satoru: Understood. I'll try threatening him, and see what that does.
*I want to settle this before I have to leave the academy.*
Ryuunosuke: "Well, that's all I have to report. Is there anything new on your end?"
Ryuunosuke: "Oh, you started going out with that girl from the Nijouin family, didn't you? How's that going?"
Satoru: Err, about that.
Nanami: Onii-chan.
*I guess I have to tell him.*
Satoru: Things are actually... kind of in a bad place.
Ryuunosuke: "What? You better not have broken up already!"
Satoru: Not quite. It's worse.
Ryuunosuke: "Hmm. Well, I know how much of a blockhead you can be, so I'm not too surprised you're having problems."
Satoru: She caught me during a mission.
*He stays silent for a moment, obviously at a loss for words.*
Ryuunosuke: "Wh-What? How long ago was this?"
Satoru: During my infiltration to get the surveillance camera footage three days ago.
Ryuunosuke: "That was two whole days ago. Why didn't you mention it when you sent the data?!"
Satoru: I'm really sorry.
Nanami: I-I didn't tell him to. Please don't get angry at him.
Ryuunosuke: "*sigh*... So what's the situation like now?"
Satoru: I expected the principal to summon me shortly after that judging by what she said, but nothing has happened so far.
Satoru: I think she might've had second thoughts and not have reported me yet.
Nanami: He also left without retrieving the receiver, so if it was discovered by someone, I think we would have heard.
Nanami: My guess is that Nijouin-senpai hid it somewhere.
Ryuunosuke: "Makes sense. She's probably torn over whether to tattle on her boyfriend or keep quiet."
*He lets out a huge sigh.*
Satoru: What should we do?
Ryuunosuke: "If this goes public and the academy discovers our involvement, you'll be withdrawing immediately."
Ryuunosuke: "So start packing your things now, just in case."
Satoru: Understood.
Ryuunosuke: "However, that's only in the event that the academy learns."
Satoru: What do you mean?
Ryuunosuke: "If you can get Nijouin Hazuki to cooperate and keep her mouth shut, you can continue your mission and stay at the academy."
Nanami: So we won't have to leave if he talks with her and manages to reach an agreement?
Ryuunosuke: "Think you can do that, Levy Six?"
Satoru: It'll be highly unlikely.
*Her seriousness and devotion to justice weren't cultivated overnight.*
*I doubt I'll be able to convince her to look the other way and pretend nothing happened.*
Ryuunosuke: "So you don't think you'll be able to win her over?"
Satoru: I can't--and I wouldn't want to.
*I love her because of her honesty.*
*Tainting that purity and turning her into a liar just to save my own skin would be wrong.*
Satoru: Well, she might understand if I explain the truth to her.
Satoru: Can we tell her about the organization?
*If I tell her and beg for forgiveness, maybe I'll have a chance.*
Ryuunosuke: "She's the daughter of a high-ranking police officer, and under no circumstances can I allow information about us to be leaked to the police."
Ryuunosuke: "Try as best as you can to keep it a secret... but if all else fails, I'll permit you to tell her."
Ryuunosuke: "Keep in mind that if you don't manage to earn her cooperation, the organization will suffer heavy damages."
Ryuunosuke: "If you do tell her about it, be prepared to get her to swear secrecy no matter what you have to do. Okay?"
*He really is kind and understanding...*
*Even knowing I've put the whole organization in jeopardy, he still forgave me.*
*It might be the wrong thing to do as chief, but as a father, I greatly respect him.*
Satoru: Thank you. I'll do everything I can!
Nanami: I'll help you too, Onii-chan.
Ryuunosuke: "Alright. Levy Six, Levy Nine: Your mission is to warn Kido Naoki to change his ways and persuade Nijouin Hazuki to stay silent."
Nanami,Satoru: Roger!
*I change into my stealth suit and stretch my limbs.*
Satoru: Okay. I'm ready.
Nanami: Be careful, Onii-chan.
Satoru: Didn't I tell you not to come?
*Like always, Nanami climbed down to my room using a rope.*
Nanami: Well, I feel guilty. It was all my fault that Nijouin-san caught you last time.
Satoru: No it wasn't.
Nanami: But if I noticed she was there sooner, you would've had time to escape!
*She's been apologizing ever since it happened for the same reason.*
Satoru: She saw me come out of this room. No matter what I did, she would've caught me sooner or later.
Satoru: You don't need to keep blaming yourself.
Nanami: I still want to see you off tonight.
Satoru: Alright.
*She takes my hand and mutters what seems to be a little prayer.*
Nanami: Please, let nothing happen to you.
Satoru: With your backup, nothing can possibly go wrong.
Nanami: This time, I promise I'll have your back.
Satoru: Thanks. I'm counting on you.
Nanami: Okay. Be safe out there, Onii-chan.
Satoru: ......
*I activate the camouflage and sneak into the room of my target--Kido Naoki.*
*It's past lights out time, so the room is dark.*
Satoru: Sleeping like a baby.
*I slowly approach the bed and pull the blankets away.*
Kido: Huh?
Satoru: Rise and shine, pal. I have a few questions for you.
*I kick him out of the bed and pin him down on the floor.*
Kido: Agh! Wh-What?! What the hell's going on?!
*As he tries to get up, I put his arm into a lock and press my weight down on it.*
Kido: Aghhhh! F-Fuck, that hurts! You're gonna break my arm!
Satoru: Oh, don't worry. It'll take a lot more to break. Though maybe I will if you don't answer my questions.
Kido: Wh-What do you want?!
Satoru: I'm a hero of the night, and I'm here to punish a naughty kid who's too old to be playing pranks.
Kido: Wh-What?!
*He leans and tries to peer into my eyes, the fear apparent in his face.*
Kido: Th-There's no one there? Where are you?!
Satoru: There are some people who don't quite like what you're using your ability to do. If you refuse to cooperate right here and now, you might not live to see another day.
Kido: Wh-What people? Who the hell are you?!
Satoru: I'm the one asking the questions here.
Kido: Ngh!
*I punch the floor next to his face.*
*This should scare him enough to not pull another one of those pranks ever again.*
*But before I leave, I have to get the confession Dad asked for.*
Satoru: Answer me. A while back, there was an incident where the glass cups inside an Italian Restaurant at the mall shattered. Was that your doing?
Satoru: Then there were the destroyed sprinklers in a fashion store, and the cups in the movie theater, and the water pipes in the subway. 
Satoru: And finally--the fire extinguisher here at the academy. Those were all done by you, weren't they?
Satoru: You manipulated the air pressure with your ability, didn't you?
Kido: I-I don't know what the hell you're talking about!
Satoru: We're also aware that you used your delayed effect ability to fake an alibi. All the surveillance camera footage points to you being the culprit. We have evidence.
Kido: Ngh!
Satoru: Give it up. You're the one who instigated all of those incidents, weren't you?
*I put more weight on Kido's arm to make him talk.*
Kido: You're with the cops, aren't you, you fucking bastard?! 
Satoru: I said I'm the one asking the--
Satoru: Ngh, agh?!
*All of a sudden, I see a bright spark--and the next thing I know, my vision is gone.*
*It only takes a second for the excruciating pain to hit my nerves.*
Nanami: "O-Onii-chan?! What was that scream?! Are you okay?!"
*Did that son of a bitch just create a high pressure explosion in front of my eyes?*
Kido: Let go of me!
Satoru: Ugh!
*While I'm stunned from the pain, he pushes me away and stands up.*
*Then, I hear him run away.*
Nanami: "Onii-chan! Please, answer me!"
Satoru: Levy Six, here! He fought back, and now I'm blinded!
Nanami: "A-Are you okay?! Do you need me to go there?"
Satoru: No, stay there!
*I can't say I'm fine, but at least my vision is back.*
Satoru: This is Levy Six. The target has escaped from his room. Levy Nine, track his movements with the cameras!
Nanami: "G-Got it! But what are you gonna do?!"
Satoru: I'll go and catch his ass!
*I get up and rush towards the door.*
*I head out to the hallway, but he's nowhere to be seen.*
*Dammit, where did he go?!*
Nanami: "Onii-chan, you should probably withdraw!"
Satoru: If I retreat, he'll think he's invincible and do more daring stuff. After that, it'll be difficult to teach him a lesson.
*The only way to make him repent is to beat it thoroughly into him.*
Nanami: "But the cameras will record you chasing him!"
Satoru: Hmm, that would be bad. Cut off all the cameras connected to the security room. Jam them all. 
Nanami: "What?! There's no way someone won't notice that!"
Satoru: Just do it, Levy Nine.
Nanami: "Nghh, fine! By you're responsible for this, okay?!"
Satoru: Where did he go, Levy Nine?!
Nanami: "He's heading towards the school building."
Nanami: "Oh god, the the security room's a mess. We really shouldn't have done this..."
*She must be watching the scene going on there.*
Satoru: Just make it look like a group of hackers is attacking their servers or something.
Nanami: "I mean, I CAN do that, but it sure as heck isn't going to be easy!"
Satoru: I'm at the front of the academy. Where's Kido?!
Nanami: "Um, I think he's heading to the pool."
Satoru: Why would he go there?
*I enter the pool room, and sure enough, there he is.*
Satoru: Alright, I found him. Don't communicate with me from this point forward.
Nanami: "Got it. Be careful, though."
*I know.*
Kido: Who the hell are you, and why are you after me?!
*He immediately raises his voice once he says that the door has been opened.*
*Thanks to my camouflage, though, he can't see me. He can only search around aimlessly.*
Satoru: Man, that was mean of you to do back there. Now I'm gonna have to hurt you.
*I wanted to make this as painless as possible, but it won't be so easy now that he struck back at me.*
*My only option is too roughen him up some until he can no longer move.*
Kido: You're the one who barged into my fucking room and assaulted me! Do you hate my guts that much?!
Satoru: Well, think back on all the things you've done and you might find the answer you're looking for. Why do you keep causing trouble around Washizu City?
Kido: That... That's none of your damn business!
Satoru: Would I be here if it wasn't?
*I slowly circle the poolside, getting closer and closer to him.*
Satoru: This all started when you made a bathroom sink faucet explode in Nijouin Hazuki's face.
Satoru: Why did you do that? Do you harbor resentment towards her?
Kido: You bet I do. I hate that bitch with every fiber of my being!
Satoru: Oh, do you now? Why don't you tell me about it?
Kido: My dad was a deadbeat piece of shit. Once he learned I was an Astral, he immediately began thinking how to best use me.
Kido: And he found that he could rake in a pretty penny by getting his little boy to steal, threaten, and rob.
Kido: How's that for a dad? Made his own son a criminal for life.
Satoru: He does sound like an irredeemable piece of shit.
Kido: And worse, he'd beat me if I said no, so I had no choice but to do what he wanted.
Kido: But it didn't go on for long. My old man was a dumbass, so he got caught in less than a year.
Kido: Well, luckily for him, he wasn't an Astral.
Kido: So they knew an Astral had been committing the actual crimes and put me in handcuffs alongside him.
Kido: I tried telling them again and again that I only did it because he threatened to beat me if I didn't, but they wouldn't hear any of it, and treated me as his accomplice.
Kido: Those fuckers presumed me guilty since I'm an Astral!
Kido: After that, the police did what they did best, and framed me for the crime, despite the fact that I was a minor.
Kido: If my dad was a shitbag, then the cops were the fucking kings of shit! They're heartless bastards, each and every one of them!
*So Dad was right on the money.*
*Even though they were false accusations, they branded him an accomplice and locked him up.*
*That explains his deep-rooted hatred for the police.*
Satoru: Well, police officers come in all colors. Some are shitbags that don't do their job properly, and some are good people who want to help others.
Satoru: You got dealt a bad hand in life, sure, but what does Nijouin Hazuki have to do with that?
Kido: She's the daughter of a police pig, and prances around just like she's one of them. She acts like she's above the rest of us and everything she says and does is right. It pisses me off.
Kido: What makes her so special? Am I supposed to kiss her feet because she's the daughter of a big bad police officer?!
Kido: Me and Watarai are worthless scumbags in her eyes.
Kido: But that's not a goddamned excuse for her to look down on us like she's some sort of perfect being!
Kido: She acts just like those pigs. She's the very symbol of the fucking arrogance and contempt those bastards have for us!
*Well, that's that.*
*He hates the police with every fiber of his being, and by extension, Hazuki, since she's the daughter of a police officer.*
Satoru: So that's why you hate her?
Kido: Yeah, you bet! I wanted the police to think someone with a water ability was behind it all so they'd suspect that bitch!
*There was a point in time when I did consider her, so he wasn't far from his goal.*
*He's pretty smart, I'll give him that.*
Satoru: So? Have you gotten that anger out of your system now?
Kido: Hah, please. I won't be satisfied until she's expelled from this school!
Satoru: So the academy was gracious enough to admit you despite your record, and you want to take out your rage on a young girl?
Satoru: If what you did becomes public, the academy won't be too happy either.
Kido: You think I give a shit about this place? The administration is just as guilty for appointing the daughter of a police officer as dorm manager. Talk about nepotism.
Kido: They think they're "noble" for having that Astral protection program or whatever? Fucking please. That's just the front they put up to garner favor and get handouts from their wealthy friends.
Kido: Me and Watarai are fucking zoo animals for them to suck money out of their donors!
*He looks inoffensive and serious, but I see he's a pretty smart guy.*
*Although he's applying that bright mind towards the wrong place.*
Satoru: Man, you're one self-righteous son of a bitch. Is that all you have to say?
Kido: What the fuck's your problem? You're the one who started this! You think you have any right to lecture me after you assaulted me in my damn room?!
Kido: You're the same as those pigs, and the same as Nijouin Hazuki. You're just a heartless prick who thinks you're better than the rest of us!
Satoru: Well, I am better than you. You're the one who put yourself in the position you're in now. Don't blame me for that.
Kido: What?!
Satoru: Sure, you may have been admitted to this academy as a publicity stunt to entice donors to give money.
Satoru: But even if that is true, so what?
Satoru: Return the favor and use this school to your benefit. Take advantage of them to find happiness in life.
Satoru: Yet all you've been doing is skulking around in the shadows, trying to mess with people because you're mad.
Satoru: Grow up, why don't you?
Kido: Shut up!
Satoru: Your life sucks because you want to remain a poor little victim.
Satoru: Don't hold grudges against the people that decide to live productive lives just because you're jealous.
Kido: Shut up... What do you think you know about me?!
Kido: You don't know how everyone looks at us rejects from the Astral protection program, do you?!
Kido: They spread nasty rumors about us, avoid us like the plague, and talk shit to our faces! Even the teachers look at us like we're criminals!
Kido: You don't know a single damn thing about what I've gone through!
*All of us are living here in the academy because of our abilities.*
*It's a terrible thing to eye our fellow Astrals with prejudice because they've had a bad life.*
*I understand why Kido feels alienated, but still--his actions are wrong.*
Satoru: Good. I wouldn't want to sympathize with you.
Satoru: If I was in your shoes, I would never stoop so low as to try and ruin an innocent person's life, no matter how much I suffered.
Satoru: You've crossed a line, and that can't be excused.
Kido: Shut up!! Who do you think you are to judge anything I do?! You don't even show your face!
Satoru: Fine. I guess talking won't get us anywhere!
*I project outwards in the most menacing tone I can muster.*
Kido: Careful now! If you try anything, the cameras will capture it all!
Kido: The guards should be on their way here already. You won't get your hands on me!
Satoru: If you're waiting for the guards, I'm afraid you'll be waiting forever.
Satoru: They're too busy trying to get those cameras running at all. They won't come to your rescue.
Kido: Wh-What?!
*He's obviously shaken up.*
*I guess he came here because he thought the cameras would help him.*
Kido: You can mess with the cameras?! Who the fuck are you?!
*I'm not answering any more questions.*
*He's no idiot. He's probably trying to figure out my position from the direction my voice is coming from.*
*The poolside is about fifty meters from end to end, and Kido is standing right in the middle. I'm twenty-five meters away from him in a straight line.*
*If I run, I can close the distance in seconds.*
Satoru: Ah?!
*After covering fifteen meters, I feel something really off around my ears.*
Satoru: Ngh?!
Kido: Haha! You fell right for it!
*Numerous explosion sounds ring inside my ears, and I gradually lose my balance.*
*It looks like I fell for his high pressure bombs again.*
Satoru: (Shit, he must've seen through my optical camouflage once I got closer!)
*The impact from the compressed air breaks my communication device and blows it out of my ear.*
*And I'm brought down to my knees after the blow above my head. Did he just concuss me with air pressure?*
Kido: My ability has a pretty short range, so I wouldn't be able to cover all the angles you could've attacked from in normal terrain.
Kido: That's why I came here. You can only approach so many ways in a closed room.
*He actually considered that when choosing where to run to?*
*This guy really is smart.*
Satoru: Ngh!
*A second later, my camouflage wears off. Perhaps the impact messed with my suit.*
Kido: Huh? Are you the guy that beat up Watarai? Ah, I see now! You're that broad's boyfriend!
Kido: After how high and mighty you talked, you're just pissed that someone doesn't like your girlfriend? Damn, I bet you feel so cool trying to beat up people while hiding your face!
Kido: What was your name again? Arihara Satoru?
Kido: Now that I know who you are, your little game is up. You're such a sad piece of shit it makes me laugh!
Satoru: Ngh!
*I really didn't imagine that he'd recognize me.*
*At this point, I can't expect to deter him from committing further crime through intimidation. I lost.*
*But thankfully enough, I got the confession out of him. Nanami should have a recording of the conversation we had just now.*
*With that, I can at least call the mission a success. I know I should withdraw... but I just can't.*
Satoru: Yeah, that's right. I'm here because you were messing with my girl.
*He's under the mistaken assumption that I came here to avenge her.*
*So be it then. I'll let him think that.*
*If I withdraw here... I won't be able to take this chip off my shoulder. I'll punish him just like he thinks I want to.*
Satoru: You don't know a damned thing about her. You don't know how much she stressed about things.
Satoru: She's always thinking about how she can make this world a better place and help others. To her, other people's problems are her problems.
Satoru: I don't know a person more humble and honest than her. Did you even try to understand her before pulling all this?
Kido: Hah, I don't give a damn about her.
Kido: Let me ask you: did she ever try to understand the plight of people like me?
Satoru: If you opened up to her, I guarantee she'd try to help you. That's how she is.
Kido: Yeah, I bet she would! Go take your bullshit somewhere else!
Satoru: I'm speaking the truth.
Satoru: You don't trust anyone around you. No one will help you when you can't trust them.
Satoru: You'll remain miserable and unhappy as long as you keep hiding and trying to throw stones at those trying to better their lives.
Satoru: Honestly, it's about time you grow up.
Kido: Wh-What the hell do you know?!
Satoru: What are you even getting out of these dumb pranks? Where the hell do you think you're gonna end up after this is all said and done?
Satoru: I know you're smart! Stop wasting your life doing all this petty shit!
Kido: Shut up! Shut up! Shut up already!
Kido: No matter what you say, you can't stop me!
Satoru: We'll see about that, pal!
*I use my ability to accelerate as fast I can to stop him, but as soon as I move...*
Satoru: Argh?!
*I eat a direct blast against my right eye and ear, and the pain paralyzes me.*
Kido: Hah! You're all bark and no bite.
Kido: My ability is barely powerful enough to break cups, but against humans, now that's a different story.
Kido: If I aim for the eyes or ears, I can bring down anyone!
*The only thing I can infer from his attacks is that the extent of his range is ten meters.*
*Get any closer than that, and he can do whatever he wants to you.*
Satoru: Nghh!
*The pain is making my head feel like it's splitting. Maybe I shouldn't have tried to use my ability.*
Kido: You think pretty highly of Nijouin Hazuki, don't you? Well, I guess you are her boyfriend.
Satoru: Hate to disappoint you, pal, but we might not even be a thing anymore.
*I grind my teeth and manage to get up despite the pain.*
*I can't stand straight, and my view's warping. Did he get my inner ear with his attack?*
Kido: Haha! You're seriously out here white-knighting for a girl that dumped you? Man, that's just sad!
Satoru: Shut up!
*My blood is boiling. The pain is making my head throb.*
*None of this would've happened if Kido hadn't decided to meddle in our lives over this stupid grudge.*
*Hazuki wouldn't have found me out, and our relationship wouldn't have been ruined.*
*It's all this motherfucker's fault!*
*My mind's a maelstrom of emotions right now: anger, regret, sadness.*
*The mission doesn't matter anymore.*
Satoru: We'll settle this right here and now, Kido!
Kido: Hahaha! Big words coming from the guy who can't even walk straight!
Kido: You can't even touch me.
Satoru: We'll see about that!
Kido: Sure, but try not to fall into the pool, alright? I'm not jumping in to save you from drowning.
Satoru: Bring it on!
*What happens to me doesn't matter.*
*I'm not about to walk away and let this smug little asshole win!*
*I funnel all the power into my muscles and get ready to run.*
*But then...*
? ? ?: To work tirelessly for the betterment of this world!
*All of sudden, a voice echoes across the spacious room.*
Satoru: Wh-What?!
? ? ?: To smite evil wherever it may lurk!
Hazuki: To vanquish darkness and bring forth light! Mine name is Nijouin Hazuki!
*That's... Hazuki. No doubt about it.*
Kido: N-Nijouin?
Hazuki: Indeed. I am the one and only Nijouin Hazuki!
Satoru: What are you doing here?
Hazuki: I have come to talk!
*Both Kido and I are bewildered by her sudden appearance.*
*Her whole performance was just so goofy I don't even know what to say.*
Satoru: A-Anyways, what was that about?
Hazuki: Oh, my entrance speech? Well, I'm glad you asked! It's the famous catchphrase of Kintaro from The Times of Kintaro that he uses when he arrives to save the day!
Hazuki: I didn't mess it up, did I?
*I'm speechless.*
*Well, I guess it helped me cool my head off.*
Satoru: How did you know we were here?
Hazuki: I saw Nanami-kun running out of the dorm, so I gave chase and asked what was going on.
*I glance at the entrance and see Nanami apologetically holding her hands together and bowing.*
*She probably got worried after the communication cut off and tried to rush over.*
*Which is when Hazuki saw her.*
Hazuki: She gave me a brief summary of the situation at hand.
Hazuki: The exploding fire extinguisher, and all the other various incidents around Washizu City... Kido Naoki--they were all your doing.
Hazuki: Do you have anything to say in your defense?
Kido: Hah! So what if I did?
Hazuki: So what?! What you're doing is wrong!
*Her reaction stuns the both of us. I wasn't expecting her to respond so assertively.*
Hazuki: You should NEVER inconvenience others with your astral ability!
Hazuki: Talk with the teachers tomorrow and go apologize to all of the establishments you troubled.
Hazuki: I'll go with you if it's too hard for you to do alone. I'll even apologize to them along with you.
Hazuki: It's time for you to stop this mischief.
Kido: What if I don't want to?
Hazuki: But why? Why are you doing this?
Kido: Because you piss me off!
Kido: You wanna go "apologize" with me?! Cut the fucking goody two shoes act!
*Hazuki is clearly hurt by Kido's aggressive tone.*
Satoru: She really means that, Kido.
Kido: Huh?! The fuck are you on about? You're telling me that condescending tone just comes naturally to her? She's just fucking stupid then!
Satoru: Yeah, she is stupid.
Hazuki: Excuse you?! Satoru, that was uncalled for!
Satoru: But that's just who she is, and it's precisely what makes her so lovable.
Hazuki: Wh-What? Being stupid makes me lovable?
*She starts fidgeting around.*
Kido: It doesn't matter. You can't force me to do anything.
Hazuki: So you mean to say that you won't stop your mischief?
Kido: What do you think? In fact, I'll do worse now--and no one will stop me!
Satoru: If you keep this up, you'll be getting a friendly visit from the police before long.
Kido: So what? Let them try. I'd like to see them enforce their rotten laws on me!
*So he actually picked up on how hard it'd be to convict him? He's really smarter than any of us imagined.*
Hazuki: Is there no way we can convince you otherwise?
Kido: Nope.
*They both glare at each other, each one on their side of the pool.*
Hazuki: That's unfortunate. It seems I have no choice then.
Kido: What are you gonna do?
Hazuki: I would much prefer to be able to sit down, discuss our differences, and reach some sort of mutual agreement.
Hazuki: But if you refuse to budge, then I don't think we'll be able to see eye to eye, no matter how much talking I do.
Hazuki: You leave me no choice but to enforce my own justice.
*She extends one hand towards the pool.*
*And then..*
*The ground trembles, and the pool's water starts rippling.*
Kido: What?!
Hazuki: Kido Naoki. I hear that you are a victim of crimes committed by the negligence of indolent police officers.
Hazuki: Sadly, there are lazy and arrogant people among their ranks. I'm truly sorry that you had to suffer because someone decided to scapegoat you.
Hazuki: Your anger is justified. If you'd like, I'll take the blame for it.
Hazuki: Take all your hatred out on me if that will make you feel better!
*The growing waves are drawn to the center of the pool.*
*The water gathers, forming a huge mass.*
Hazuki: However!
Hazuki: You cannot and must not make innocent people the target of your anger! That is wrong!
Hazuki: What did they ever do to you?! You're lashing out at random, without care for whether or not the people you affect ever did you wrong!
Kido: W-Wait! What are you doing?!
*The huge mass of water floats in the center of the pool.*
*If I had to guess, I'd say its diameter is over ten meters. The water level of the pool dropped to less than half its capacity.*
Hazuki: Your frustrations are justified, but your actions are not!
Hazuki: Reflect on your wrongdoings and vow to change your ways.
Hazuki: If you still insist on going down that path... then I'll bring down the hammer of justice on you in stead of the heavens!
Kido: S-Stop fucking with me! I'm not gonna bow down to you!
*He still talks defiantly, but he's visibly shaking.*
*Makes sense.*
*I doubt he can do anything about that huge water mass with his air pressure abilities.*
Hazuki: So be it.
Hazuki: Kido Naoki. I'll wash away the wickedness tainting your heart!
Kido: W-Wait, don't!
Hazuki: Prepare yourself for judgment's decree!
*She launches the veritable water bomb, and it swallows Kido as soon as tries to escape.*
*The following wave of water upon its impact on the floor almost washes me and Hazuki away.*
*It ended up turning the inside of the room into a mess, so we had a bit of... cleaning up to do.*
Satoru: Do you feel better now?
Hazuki: Yes.
*After being hit, Kido Naoki was left floating on the pool. We rescued him and the guards came along and took him.*
*Hazuki explained the situation, and they believed her without question.*
*Nanami went back to her room, and now we're the only ones here.*
Satoru: My clothes are all wet, though.
Hazuki: Urk. I sincerely apologize!
*We both got caught in the aftermath of her attack.*
Hazuki: I should know better than to get that heated... I definitely overdid it.
Satoru: You think so? I feel pretty fresh now.
*Seeing Kido's face contort in abject fear as he realized there was no way out was truly something.*
*Hazuki really did clean away all the anger that I felt towards him.*
Satoru: That little entrance speech of yours was great. Feels like it was made just for you.
Hazuki: I-I just didn't know what to do when I saw you two fighting, and that was the first thing that came out of my mouth.
Hazuki: In hindsight, though... Urk. Why did I do something so cringeworthy!
Satoru: I might start calling you Female Kintaro from now on.
Hazuki: No! I do not need such an embarrassing nickname!
*She's back to her usual self. I'm so glad.*
Satoru: So, why did you even come here at all?
*I already know she heard we were here from Nanami.*
*But she didn't have to come here.*
Hazuki: I'm sorry, Satoru. I owe you an apology.
Satoru: What for?
Hazuki: I forgot my own words and did something truly awful to you.
Satoru: What words?
Hazuki: I swore when I became your girlfriend.
Hazuki: I would entrust my everything to you, and I would serve you until the end of my life.
Satoru: But I lied to you. I used you. You had every reason to be upset with me.
Hazuki: No, I didn't.
Hazuki: Even if you deceived me, I should have believed in you always.
Hazuki: That is what it means to serve someone with your whole being.
Hazuki: Yet I stubbornly clung to my pride and agonized over what to do.
Hazuki: I'm sorry, Satoru! Please forgive me!
*She bows her head.*
*How good-natured can a person be? The extent of her kindness never ceases to amaze me.*
Satoru: Please, don't. I'm the one that should apologize.
Satoru: I'm sorry I lied to you. I'm sorry I couldn't say the truth!
Hazuki: No! I'm the one in the wrong here.
Satoru: No, it's me!
Hazuki: ......
Satoru: ......
Hazuki: Pfft!
*We stare into each other's eyes, then burst out in laughter.*
Hazuki: *giggle* We're so silly, aren't we?
Satoru: We really are.
Satoru: I am sorry, though. I couldn't go public about what I was doing.
Hazuki: Nanami-kun mentioned it to me, so I more or less figured that was the case.
Satoru: What did she tell you?
*I know Nanami is aware of just how important it is for us to keep our identities secret, but I just want to make sure.*
Hazuki: She said that you two are part of an organization that assigns duties for you to carry out.
Hazuki: She also told me your target was Kido Naoki, and that you were stealing the academy's data in order to track him down.
Satoru: Yeah, that's the gist of it.
Hazuki: You two are almost like secret agents who work behind the scenes to eradicate evildoers!
Hazuki: I find that SO cool!
Satoru: I-I guess you could say that.
*I should've expected a reaction like this, to be honest.*
Hazuki: I knew it deep down. You couldn't be a villain.
Hazuki: But my faith in you wavered.
Satoru: No, you were right. What I was committing was a crime. I broke the rules and lied to you.
Satoru: Would you still trust me in spite of that?
*She breaks into a smile.*
Hazuki: Back when I was little, I couldn't understand why the heroes in the shows I watched would sometimes forgive people who did bad things and let them escape.
Hazuki: Father said it was human nature, but that wasn't a satisfying-enough answer for me.
Hazuki: Now, though, I think I have a better grasp of what he meant.
Hazuki: Crimes are crimes, and rules are rules. We can't bend them as we please. 
Hazuki: Still, the people enforcing the rules are human too. And no one is above making mistakes.
*Right. Kido was a victim of the folly of human nature.*
Hazuki: If a just man is imperfect, that makes those do wrong just as imperfect.
Hazuki: The idea that we should condemn and antagonize each other for our flaws is, well, a flawed idea of justice.
Hazuki: In that case, who is fit to judge man?
Satoru: Human nature...
Hazuki: Yes. I think that, at the end of the day, what keeps our world turning is compassion.
Hazuki: What you did was in violation of the law, and it wasn't good. There can't be any doubt about that.
Hazuki: But if, in doing so, you put a stop to Kido's wrongdoing and allow him a chance to reform himself, then I think that makes what you did an undeniably positive thing.
Hazuki: One has to be able to look over the trees to see the forest.
Hazuki: I believe in you, and I'm certain you won't use your power for evil.
Satoru: Hazuki...
Hazuki: But there was a point at which I doubted you.
Hazuki: I would fully understand if you no longer wanted to be with a partner as unfaithful as me.
*She casts her gaze to the ground solemnly.*
*So I gently put a hand over her chin and raise her face.*
Satoru: Do you still love me?
Hazuki: Why of course! There's no one for me but you. You're the only man I want!
Satoru: I love you too, Hazuki. I love your honesty, and your yearning for justice is the most precious thing ever.
Satoru: That's why I agonized so much when you confessed to me.
Satoru: I knew that if I dated you, I'd have to keep secrets from you, which led me to believe I had no right to be with you.
Hazuki: Oh. So that's why you asked for time to think before you responded.
Satoru: I wanted to be as honest as you were being with me.
Hazuki: Why so?
Satoru: Because I loved you. Of course, I've come to love you much, much more after today.
Hazuki: Wh-Why is that?
Satoru: You forgave my dishonesty.
Satoru: And even after learning who I truly am, you still loved me.
Satoru: You're the only girl for me, Hazuki. I don't want anyone but you!
Hazuki: Satoru!
*Our faces slowly come together, and we lock lips.*
Hazuki: Ahh, nhh... Satoru, Satoru... Nh, ah... *kiss*
Hazuki: Ahh, I'm so sorry... Nhh, forgive me... Ahh, nhhh...
Satoru: What are you talking about? I'm the one who hurt you!
*We embrace passionately and make out, as if to make up for all the time we spent apart.*
Hazuki: Ahh, *kiss*... Ahhh, *slurp* nhh, ahh...
Hazuki: Mgh, nhh, I love you, Satoru. I don't want to let go of you ever again...
Satoru: I know... I'll always keep my arms around you...
*We gaze into each other's eyes as we mix our saliva.*
Hazuki: Ahh, nhh... Nhh, ahh, *kiss* ahhh...
Hazuki: *kiss*... Satoru...
Satoru: I love you.
*Just seeing that begging look on her face is causing my heart to beat like crazy. I can't keep this heat in check.*
Hazuki: *giggle* I can feel your erection.
Satoru: I-I can't help it. It's been so long since I last got to be with you.
Hazuki: Right. I also missed you dearly. Hugging like this, um... gets me in the mood.
Satoru: Oh? In the mood for what?
Hazuki: Well... Agh! Stop trying to embarrass me; I'm not saying that.
*She sways her hips and turns away from me.*
Satoru: Don't worry. I wanted to have sex too.
*I place my hand on her thigh and slowly move it between her legs.*
Hazuki: W-Wait! I have a proposal!
Satoru: Okay?
Hazuki: I did something awful to you, so I want to apologize.
Satoru: It's fine. I mean, I feel like I did worse to you.
Hazuki: Come on, just give me this. Would you please?
*What is she trying to do?*
Satoru: Err, sure, but what are you gonna do to me?
Hazuki: *giggle* Just wait patiently like a good boy.
*She then begins unbuttoning her shirt.*
*.........*
*......*
*...*
================================================================================
Hazuki: Sorry for making you wait.
Satoru: Oh no, it's all good.
Hazuki: Ngh! It's getting so chilly out.
Satoru: Yeah, winter's fast approaching.
*It's been a month since the incident at the pool.*
*The school was placated by Hazuki's fervent appeal, and they limited Kido's punishment to a letter of apology and one month suspension.*
*He actually admitted to his wrongdoings fairly readily. Maybe Hazuki's passion inspired him a little, who knows?*
Satoru: So, how's Kido doing?
Hazuki: Very well! You wouldn't recognize him if you saw. One month and he already looks like an entirely different person.
*Hazuki is allowed to speak with Kido on a regular basis alongside his assigned counselor.*
*At first, things were a bit unfriendly, but I hear they've grown fairly casual with each other now.*
Hazuki: He's even got himself a girlfriend as well, and from how often he asks me for advice, I'd say he's taking their relationship quite seriously.
Satoru: What? Isn't he suspended? How the heck did he get a girlfriend?
Hazuki: Come on now, what's the harm? Let's not snoop there.
*She's really in a good mood today.*
Satoru: You know, you've changed as much as he has, Hazuki.
Hazuki: Oh? How so?
*She used to be so rigid in her ways that it made her hard to relate to for a lot of people.*
*But I think after the whole thing with me and Kido, she's softened up in a good way.*
Hazuki: Also, my community service is almost over. Finally, I'll be free again!
*Thanks to the huge water explosion she caused, Hazuki was also punished. She was asked to write a letter of apology as well, and assigned one month of community service.*
*Well, I can't exactly deny that she DID go a bit overboard back then.*
Satoru: Sorry about all that. It was largely my fault you got in trouble...
Hazuki: Are you seriously apologizing again? I've told you time and time again that I don't blame you.
*Unlike the two of them, I faced no real repercussions for what happened.*
*Because nobody besides them and Nanami ever learned of my participation there. Even when the guards came to take Kido, Hazuki took care of things so that they didn't notice me.*
*Most surprising of all is the fact that Kido didn't tattle on me to them.*
*She never told me the details, but I knew she must have worked hard to convince him not to.*
Hazuki: I'm your girlfriend. It's only natural that I support you in times of need.
Satoru: Thanks, Hazuki. I love you.
Hazuki: S-Stop that! You can't just say those things out of nowhere, and in public at that!
*She fans herself with her hands.*
Hazuki: See? You've gotten my head all hot now.
Satoru: Well, glad you're not feeling cold anymore.
Hazuki: It is not! I'll have you know, I was scolded by the teachers for excessive displays of affection on campus.
*Apparently rumors about me and Hazuki being super lovey-dovey in public spread around the school, and she got admonished for it.*
Satoru: Well, we're not forbidden from going out, so we can still be together.
Hazuki: Well, yes, but we should be exercising an appropriate amount of restraint in public.
Satoru: Well, that's fine. We can make love as much as we want when we're alone.
Hazuki: You do not listen to me at all... You can't say things like that while we're in public!
*Clearly miffed, she turns away from me and sits on one of the courtyard benches.*
Satoru: Sorry. Don't get mad, please.
Hazuki: I'm not mad. I'm just ashamed at the fact that I get embarrassed by such simple things.
Satoru: Well, I'm happy it's enough to embarrass you.
Hazuki: Wh-What? Ngh. So you don't want me to change?
*I don't. I want my precious little Hazuki to stay the way she is forever.*
Satoru: Alright. I think it's about time we get started.
Hazuki: Oh, right.
*Hazuki mentioned that there was something she wanted to do once she completed all her community service.*
*She called it the "dorm consultation room."*
*She borrowed one of the free rooms of the dorm to set up a counseling room where students can go and talk about their problems.*
Satoru: You didn't seem so hot on the idea when Mibu-san brought it up. What caused the change of heart?
Hazuki: The incident with Kido made me realize something.
Hazuki: If there had been a place where he could voice the frustration he'd been bottling up in his heart, none of this would have ever happened.
Hazuki: Of course, I can't guarantee he would have come to me for help.
Hazuki: But I think it's better to do everything we can now, so we don't have to lament over what could have been done after the damage has already been done.
*She looks up at the bright blue sky and smiles.*
Hazuki: I was too afraid to take that first step, and kept giving myself excuses not to.
Hazuki: Some will surely accuse me of being self-important and trying to meddle in other's lives.
Hazuki: But so what if they do?
Hazuki: If there are people out there in need of help, and I have the means to assist them, then I want to do everything I can to help.
Hazuki: We're all fellow students of this academy. I want to make my peers feel happy and comfortable here.
Hazuki: Do you think that it's arrogant of me to want to do that?
Satoru: Not at all.
Satoru: You'd be arrogant if you were doing this to gain something for yourself, maybe.
Satoru: But you're not. You're doing this out of a genuine, selfless desire to help others.
Hazuki: *giggle* I feel a lot better knowing I have your support.
*She's taken a giant step forward with this.*
*It may not be smooth sailing, but I know she has the strength to tackle any difficulties that come her way.*
Hazuki: Can I ask you something, Satoru?
Hazuki: Will you... always be by my side?
Satoru: What do you mean?
Hazuki: What do I mean? It's not hard to figure out.
Hazuki: I'm fully aware that you won't be able to tell me about the secret work you do, and I've accepted that.
Hazuki: That's why I've never asked you any questions about it since I first learned.
Hazuki: There is one thing I'd like to know, though.
Hazuki: The work that you and Nanami-kun do is work that cannot be made known to others, right?
Hazuki: However--I now know of it.
Hazuki: So I'm... a bit afraid that you might leave this school, and me.
*Dad chose not to report about Hazuki to the other ups.*
*If they somehow learn of this, not only would Nanami and I be cut off, but Dad too for trying to cover it up.*
Satoru: If you tell the principal or your father about it, I'll definitely have to leave.
Satoru: So in short, you have the power to keep me at this academy or not.
Hazuki: That means that I hold the reins of your destiny.
*She simply smiles.*
Satoru: So, what're you gonna do with me?
Hazuki: Is that not obvious?
Hazuki: I won't ever let go of you. You're going to have to stay by my side for life.
Satoru: Looks like I'm in for a rough time.
Hazuki: Indeed you are!
Hazuki: In exchange, I'll entrust my everything to you.
Satoru: So we hold each other's reins?
Hazuki: Would you rather not?
*It's funny that there's still any doubt in her mind at this point.*
Satoru: Of course not. I have no eyes for anyone but you.
Hazuki: I'm just the same.
Hazuki: I love you with all my heart, Satoru. Let's stay together forever and ever!
================================================================================
Satoru: Phew, I'm beat.
*It was a crazy day.*
*But now I finally have an opportunity to relax and catch my breath.*
*I sit on a bench and look up at the sky as I listen to Mitsukasa-san's song from afar.*
Chisaki: Oh, there you are.
Satoru: Hm?
Satoru: Oh, Mibu-san. Hey there.
Chisaki: Good afternoon, Senpai.
Chisaki: What are you doing sitting here all alone? Are you some kind of narcissist who's too cool to be with everyone else?
Satoru: No, I'm not. It's rude to make assumptions like that.
Chisaki: *giggle* It's just a joke, silly. So, what are you doing out here?
Satoru: Well, I guess I kinda wanted to get away from all the hubbub.
Satoru: Today was a lot of work, but it went well, so I'm just taking a moment to reflect on things.
Chisaki: Yeah, I know what you mean. I'm really glad everything worked out so well too.
Satoru: What're you doing here, though?
Chisaki: Do you seriously not know? I was looking for you.
Chisaki: We were all celebrating, but you were nowhere to be seen.
Satoru: Sorry for worrying you, but I'm okay.
Satoru: After everything with the cafe, I just wanted to relax.
Satoru: So I kind of wanted to find a place with a little peace and quiet.
Chisaki: Oh, okay. I'm glad you're not sick or anything.
Chisaki: C'mon, scoot scoot. Make some room for me.
Satoru: O-Oh, sure.
*I move to the side a little.*
*She then takes a seat beside me.*
Chisaki: Pardon me!
Satoru: Don't you wanna go celebrate with the others?
Chisaki: I can't go and leave you all alone here. I won't be able to have fun if I'm all worried about you.
Chisaki: But if I'm bothering you, I can go back. Do you wanna be alone?
Satoru: I don't really care either way.
Chisaki: Then I'll stay. I'd feel too sad leaving you here all by your lonesome.
Satoru: ......
*This is the girl that made quick friends with someone as antisocial as Nanami.*
*And she's just sitting next to me, like it's no big deal.*
*I can't help but be amazed at how outgoing and sociable she is.*
*And somehow, she does it all without feeling meddlesome or annoying.*
*Maybe it's part of her charm.*
Chisaki: So what've you been doing here?
Satoru: Just looking up at the sky and thinking about the fair.
Chisaki: Oh, the sky is really pretty! No clouds in sight.
Chisaki: Really makes you feel like having a good drink while taking in the scenery. You know what I mean?
Satoru: What, you've actually done something like that before?
Chisaki: Mgh. What are you implying?
Satoru: Oh, sorry. You just seem like you have a lot of friends, so I figured you preferred to be around others.
Chisaki: Well, yeah, I do enjoy spending time with my friends.
Chisaki: Still, I do like having some quiet time every now and then. Don't we all?
Chisaki: Plus, I'm not alone right now. I'm with you.
Satoru: True.
Satoru: I enjoy your company too.
Chisaki: Thanks.
*Her smile is really cute.*
*In my time here so far, all I've been focused on were those counterfeits and the escort mission.*
*Now that they're dealt with... maybe it's time for me to live a normal life.*
Satoru: ......
Chisaki: What is it?
Satoru: Oh, nothing. I was just thinking about how nice you are.
Chisaki: Huh? Wh-Where did that come from?
Satoru: Nanami's a really shy person, and I think you really helped make her feel welcome here.
Satoru: Plus you helped us out with the cafe too.
Chisaki: You give me way too much credit. I didn't do any of the heavy lifting.
Chisaki: You guys are the Astrals, not me.
Satoru: Well, yeah, you couldn't have done stuff like make the water tables and chairs without an ability.
Satoru: But I think your bright personality was largely why we had as many customers as we did.
Satoru: You played as much of a part in today's success as anyone.
Chisaki: Y-You think so? Honestly, I think you guys still deserve most of the credit.
Chisaki: But if you want to compliment me, I won't complain. *giggle* Thanks.
Satoru: No problem.
Satoru: Thanks for all your help, though. I mean it.
Chisaki: Oh, no problem. Thanks for all your hard work too.
Chisaki: I kind of wish I'd brought some drinks so we could have a little toast, though.
Satoru: Yeah. But I think this is good enough.
Satoru: I'd rather just appreciate the beautiful night.
Chisaki: Ahahah, yeah. I guess this is nicer than a toast in some ways.
Satoru: Aren't you cold?
Chisaki: I'm fine. I kinda needed to cool down after all that excitement anyway.
Satoru: Well, it'd sure suck if you caught a cold. After how great today went, it'd ruin everything.
Satoru: I can lend you my jacket if you want.
Chisaki: Oh, thank you. You're quite the gentleman, aren't you? Color me surprised.
Satoru: I mean, this is just the normal thing to do.
Satoru: What kind of person do you take me for?
Chisaki: From what Nanami-chan's told me, you're dense, creepy, have a bad sister complex, among other things. Do you want me to list the rest?
Satoru: F-Forget I asked. I think I'm better off not knowing.
*I know Nanami wouldn't say those things if she didn't mean it, which scares me even more.*
Chisaki: *giggle* I'm just kidding, silly. Oh, but not about the stuff Nanami-chan said about you. She does say those things.
Chisaki: She's your sister, though, so that's probably a part of it. You seem like a perfectly fine guy.
Chisaki: At the very least, that's what I think. I wouldn't be here alone with you otherwise.
Satoru: O-Oh, thanks.
Satoru: ......
Chisaki: Whoa, you're blushing.
Satoru: Urk...
Chisaki: Is someone feeling a little embarrassed? Aww, isn't that adorable!
Satoru: Hey, knock it off.
Chisaki: I'm just saying the truth! *giggle*
*Her laughter causes me to feel even more self-conscious, and I only blush further.*
Chisaki: You should see how red your face is. Good thing you're out here in the cold to cool that blush off, huh?
Satoru: ......
*Damn, I can't say anything.*
*I'm feeling a mix of regret and embarrassment. Guess I have no choice but to wait for tomorrow to come and try to forget about it.*
Chisaki: Come on, don't pout now. I mean it when I said you're adorable.
Satoru: Being called "adorable" by a girl that's younger than me isn't exactly the most flattering compliment.
Chisaki: Aww, what's so bad about it? It's a positive compliment.
Satoru: Well, I guess it's better than getting called creepy.
Satoru: Nanami never hesitates to hit me with that one.
Chisaki: Hmm, I don't think she necessarily means it. She's probably just embarrassed and wants your attention.
Chisaki: I'd certainly do the same if I were in her shoes.
Satoru: Do you have any siblings?
Chisaki: Nope, I'm an only child. That's why I'm kinda jealous of her.
Chisaki: I've alway wanted a brother or sister.
Satoru: Oh, really?
Chisaki: Yeah. And my parents both work, so I was alone a lot of the times.
Chisaki: I'm not mad at them or anything, I just kinda wish I had someone to play with, you know?
Satoru: Would you have wanted an older sibling or a younger one?
Chisaki: Hmm, having a cute little sister would be nice, but I think I'd like having a big brother I could look up to.
Satoru: You can call me Onii-chan if that'd make you feel better.
Chisaki: Haha, no thanks.
Satoru: What?! Why are you smiling?! 
Chisaki: Well, it's just that if I called you that, I wouldn't be able to deal with Nanami-chan's jealousy.
Satoru: I don't think she'd care.
*In fact, she'd probably encourage it.*
Satoru: I was mostly joking about the onii-chan thing, but feel free to rely on me if you ever need anything.
Chisaki: Oh, are you suuuure you wanna say that?
Chisaki: I might just ask you for something you can't say yes to!
Satoru: Well, as long as it's something I can help with, I can try.
Chisaki: Oh, I thought for sure you'd take back your words. Are you really sure about this?
Satoru: Yeah. You're a good friend of my sister.
Satoru: And even aside from that, you're my friend too. I'd gladly help you if you ever needed it.
Chisaki: You're such a nice, dependable guy. I can really see why Nanami-chan looks up to you so much now.
Satoru: Eh, I feel like she thinks I'm more of a pain in the butt, honestly.
Chisaki: I told you, that's just her way of getting your attention. And I know how she feels now.
Chisaki: You're fun to be around, plus a very dependable friend. I had a blast running the cafe with you today.
Satoru: Same here.
Chisaki: I'm so glad I was able to come to this school.
Satoru: I don't think I ever asked you.
Satoru: Why did you decide to go to school here? Did you want to study astron physics or something?
Chisaki: Ahh, um, do you want to know?
Satoru: Huh? Err, nevermind. Sorry about that. You don't have to say if it's something personal.
Chisaki: Oh no, you're fine. My reason's nothing significant or anything.
Satoru: But you do have a reason?
Chisaki: Yeah, I guess... It's just a little embarrassing to tell people about.
Chisaki: See, I basically wanted to make friends with Astrals.
Satoru: Oh, really?
*I find it difficult to believe that she would have problems making friends.*
*She hit it off with Nanami pretty fast, and that's no easy feat.*
Chisaki: Back at the school I went to before here, we had no Astrals among our student population.
Satoru: Huh. That's odd.
Satoru: You usually find one or two at least.
Chisaki: Well, there might've been some, but none that openly admitted to being one.
Chisaki: They were all probably afraid of being treated like a freak by their peers.
Chisaki: I mean, if you just flip on the TV and watch the news, you'll find plenty of people making disparaging comments about Astrals.
Chisaki: But most people just believe that stuff because of internal biases, or because they're afraid and weirded out by Astrals.
Chisaki: It just doesn't really sit well with me. They wouldn't be saying all those means things if they just got to know a few Astrals.
Satoru: True.
Chisaki: But that's when it occurred to me.
Chisaki: I didn't really know anything about Astrals either.
Chisaki: I was just the same as them, just on the opposite side of the spectrum. I idolized a group of people I knew next to nothing about.
Satoru: So you decided to come to this school to get to know us better?
Chisaki: Yep! That's basically the gist of it.
Satoru: Wow...
Satoru: Heh... Ahaha!
Chisaki: *sigh*... I know it's stupid.
Satoru: Oh, sorry. I wasn't trying to make fun of you.
Satoru: I just thought it was cool how you determined you were.
Satoru: I certainly didn't expect that to be the reason at all.
*I thought she was just a carefree girl.*
*But she might be more serious than I gave her credit for.*
*She says it so nonchalantly, but it really takes a lot of guts to make a decision like that. I've never met anyone like that before.*
*She doesn't do it out of compassion or pity. She's actually trying to understand us as people.*
*It was just so unexpected I couldn't help but laugh.*
Chisaki: People usually react one of three ways when I tell this story: they're either confused, they laugh at me, or they call me silly.
Satoru: Wait, I really wasn't trying to make fun of you.
Satoru: As an Astral myself, I'm glad that people like you exist.
Satoru: That's why I was laughing.
Chisaki: Well, if you say so.
Satoru: So what's your impression of Astrals now?
Chisaki: Hmm... They're not really any different than the rest of us.
Chisaki: I think astral abilities are a huge power, but I've learned that the people who wield them are just like me.
*There are some that develop bad personalities because of their abilities.*
*Some are quick to pick up a fight, but there are plenty of normal people like that too.*
*Still, it's not like this academy is some chaotic wild west place.*
*This school is a lot more peaceful than some of the others out there.*
Chisaki: I don't regret coming here one bit.
Satoru: I know you're not really speaking to me personally or anything, but I'm really glad you feel that way.
Chisaki: Well, every once in a while I do come across some weird fellows here.
Chisaki: Weird, creep guys who are head over heels for their little sister, like you!
Satoru: Hahaha. Nice joke.
Chisaki: No, I'm serious. You have a really bad sister complex. I'd get that looked into, if I were you.
Satoru: Don't say that with a straight face, please.
Chisaki: Well, don't worry. I'm glad I met you. You're nice, dependable, and reliable.
Satoru: ......
*I wonder why...*
*My chest feels warm after hearing her say that.*
Chisaki: Alright. I think that's enough nighttime gazing for today.
Chisaki: We should go with all the others to wrap up the fair celebration. I'm sure they've all been looking for you too.
*Now that she mentions it, I can't hear Mitsukasa-san's song anymore.*
*I must've been too focused on talking with Mibu-san.*
Satoru: Yeah. I don't want them to get mad at me for being gone too long.
*She and I then returned to the others.*
*Indeed, they were all waiting, and we all celebrated the success of the fair once again.*
*Starting tomorrow, I'll have to start living as a normal student.*
*I'm sure missions will pop up from time to time, but I don't think I'll be too busy.*
*I should be able to relax for a good while, I think.*
*As I slip into bed, I silently pray that nothing ever happens to disrupt this peace again.*
================================================================================
Victim: Ahhhhhhhhh!
Onlooker A: Wh-What was that?
Onlooker B: Who screamed?
Onlooker C: No way.
*It's been two weeks since the end of the Astral Expo Fair.*
*We succeeded in catching the men after Mitsukasa-san and stopped the organization they belonged to.*
*With that, my mission to guard Mitsukasa-san concluded.*
*And for that time, there was peace--but our next mission has finally arrived.*
*What is it, you ask?*
Satoru: A molester?
Ryuunosuke: "Right. There've been reports that an Astral in Washizu City has been using their ability to molest women."
Ryuunosuke: "I'll send the detailed info to Levy Nine via e-mail, but I can tell you that these incidents have been happening at all times of day."
Ryuunosuke: "And they've all been on the lightrail train that runs through town."
Satoru: So you're telling us to catch a molester?
Ryuunosuke: "What, you got a problem with this? You better not be trying to tell me this mission is beneath you or anything."
Satoru: I didn't mean it like that.
Satoru: I was just surprised since it's so different from all the missions we've been handed so far.
Ryuunosuke: "I know what you mean."
Ryuunosuke: "Catching a molester red-handed and arresting them is basic. It's normally something a secret organization like ours wouldn't need to deal with."
Ryuunosuke: "But for the sake of the victims, we have to put a stop to this."
Satoru: Oh, are there actually a large number of victims?
Ryuunosuke: "Quite a few. Despite that, though, no one has seen the criminal."
Ryuunosuke: "At this rate, it won't be long before innocent bystanders start getting blamed and facing false charges."
Satoru: Hmm, that does sound bad.
*I can't condone sexual harassment, but false accusations are just as inexcusable.*
Ryuunosuke: "From the reports, all of these incidents have happened in situations where only women were in the vicinity."
Ryuunosuke: "Of course, we can't assume the perpetrator is male without sufficient evidence."
Ryuunosuke: "The victims also reported that they were surrounded by friends and holding hands."
Satoru: So it seems to be happening under near impossible conditions?
Ryuunosuke: "Right. Which is why I think it's safe to say all of these incidents are being perpetrated by an Astral."
Ryuunosuke: "If we leave this to the police, there's no telling how long it'll take them."
Ryuunosuke: "That said, this search won't be so easy. We deemed that you two had the best schedule to deal with something like this, so that's why we chose you."
Satoru: Alright.
Ryuunosuke: "Contact me if you need anything else."
Satoru: Roger that.
Ryuunosuke: "Alright. Good luck."
Satoru: Thanks.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: An Astral using their ability to grope women?
*Not only are women getting sexually assaulted, there's also the worry of hasty false accusations being made. This is a bad situation all around.*
*All the men who commute to work by train must be quaking in their boots right now.*
Satoru: I can't even imagine what kind of ability we're dealing with here.
*An ability that allows you to grope women from a distance...*
*Wouldn't a sexual pervert want to touch their victims physically?*
*Hmm...*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: I better talk with Nanami about this.
Nanami: What? An Astral's using their ability to molest girls? That's awful!
Nanami: Actually, forget that they're an Astral--molesting women in general is inexcusable. What a sexist scumbag.
Satoru: Well, they're also hurting men since they're the ones at risk of being falsely blamed.
Nanami: Right! We need to catch this person stat!
Satoru: Minor stuff like this is bad because it helps reinforce the negative stereotype that all Astrals are criminals.
Satoru: For the search itself, I don't think we have much choice but to board trains and try to catch the person red-handed.
Satoru: But we have classes to attend, so won't be able to go out and look during morning rush hour.
*There's also a curfew after school, so that prevents us from searching at night either.*
*There are a lot of limiting factors, but Dad saw us fit to do this for a reason.*
*We'll just have to do as best of a job as we can, and report back if our efforts prove fruitless.*
Satoru: So, yeah, I was thinking we could brainstorm possible plans together.
Satoru: Did you receive that email from Dad?
Nanami: Yeah, I briefly skimmed over it.
Satoru: I'm really curious about what kind of ability they're using to commit these crimes. Do you have any ideas?
Nanami: Well, my first thought would be an ability that makes you invisible.
Satoru: True, but these are crowded trains we're talking here. Wouldn't it be kind of impossible for someone not to notice something?
Nanami: Yeah, I guess. Hmm... Maybe they can transform into the opposite sex?
*In cases of sexual assault, people do tend to assume the perpetrator and victim are the opposite sex.*
Satoru: But that still wouldn't explain all of the cases.
Satoru: At this junction, I think we shouldn't rule out any possibilities.
Nanami: The only other thing I can think of would be, like... if they can hide their presence from someone.
Satoru: How's that different from turning invisible?
Nanami: It's kinda hard to explain... Like, they wouldn't physically turn invisible, they'd just mess with a person's perception so that their brain wouldn't register them being there?
Nanami: For example, maybe they could make people see them as a stone, a guardrail, or something else that wouldn't look out of place on a train.
Satoru: Oh, that's actually a clever idea.
Satoru: It certain fits the bill much better than the invisibility theory.
*There's just one problem, though. Perception warping abilities tend to have a large area of effect. We experienced this already with the counterfeit money incident.*
*If we board the same train, it's quite possible we'll fall under its influence.*
*In which case, we'd need counter measures. I better consult Dad about it later.*
Satoru: Any other kind of ability that comes to mind?
Nanami: Hmm... I can't really think of much else. How about you?
Satoru: Maybe they're not "physically" molesting the women with their ability, and they're just doing it for the thrill?
Satoru: Like, it has nothing to do with them wanting to grope women, they just want to cause a public disturbance.
Nanami: I don't know. Would someone really do that?
Satoru: I mean, there are people who commit crimes just to get a kick. They like seeing people panic.
Nanami: I still don't really get it, but I guess it is technically possible.
Satoru: Well, step one is to actually go and investigate.
Satoru: I'd like to get this over with as soon as possible, but if they've managed to not get caught thus far, this might not be an easy task.
Satoru: Before anything else, I think we'll have to figure out what kind of ability they're using.
*If we're gonna make a move, it'll have to be tomorrow.*
*It's already late, and we can't break the curfew.*
Satoru: Hm?
Nanami: What's wrong, Satoru-kun?
Satoru: Look at that.
Girl D: *sniffle*...
*Nanami and I come down the stairs to have dinner when we spy a number of girls congregating.*
*There's one in the center who's visibly shaken up. Her shoulders are trembling, and she can barely speak.*
Satoru: Is that girl crying?
Nanami: Looks like it. I wonder what happened to her?
*I'm kinda concerned, but she's already surrounded by friends.*
*I should avoid sticking my nose in their business--especially since I don't even know the girl that's crying.*
Nanami: Oh? I think that's Sakanoue-san.
Satoru: Do you know her?
Nanami: Yeah, she's in my class. I heard she has health problems. Maybe it's something related to that?
Satoru: Who knows.
Chisaki: That's awful!
Satoru: Mibu-san?
*Among the girls trying to comfort her is Mibu-san.*
*She looks angrier than I've ever seen her before.*
Chisaki: Just go to your room for now and try to calm down. Okay?
Sakanoue: O-Okay. *Sniffle*
*After that, the sobbing girl goes upstairs with the others.*
Satoru: Isn't she your classmate? Maybe you should go with them?
Nanami: Yeah, but it'd look like I'm just rubbernecking if I go now.
Nanami: I'll ask her about it when she's not so upset.
Satoru: Yeah, that sounds like the sensible thing to do.
Satoru: Let's have dinner.
Chisaki: There's a molester at large, Senpai!
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Huh?
Chisaki: A molester is among us!
*As we were eating our food, Mibu-san suddenly came over, sat down, and declared that.*
*Completely unprompted too.*
*She must be really indignant to flip her lid like that.*
Satoru: You don't mean here at the school, do you?
Chisaki: No. Apparently this molester is striking on the trains that run through town.
Nanami: Was that why Sakanoue-san was crying?
Chisaki: Yeah.
*She'd been bottling up the fear and intimidation that molester instilled in her, but once she set foot in the dorm, she burst into tears.*
*I wasn't planning on letting this criminal go, but seeing a victim--even if she's not someone I know personally--steels my resolve even more.*
Chisaki: But she's not the only one. I heard that a lot of other girls have been molested.
Satoru: R-Really?
Chisaki: Yeah, and not just students. Women all over the city are being attacked.
Chisaki: That molester is awful!
Nanami: Yeah, I agree.
Satoru: Right. Only a total scumbag would molest women.
Chisaki: Absolutely.
Nanami: Of course.
*The fact they're using an astral ability only make it worse.*
*We gotta do something about this, and fast.*
Chisaki: I'm going to catch that person myself and bring them to justice!
Nanami,Satoru: What?
Satoru: W-Wait. Are you serious?
Chisaki: Yes. I just can't let this continue.
Satoru: I mean, yeah, I'm just as angry as you are.
Satoru: But you should leave this to the police.
Nanami: I agree. It's way too dangerous for you to go after them yourself.
Chisaki: But there've been so many victims already, and the police haven't caught anyone yet.
Satoru: Still, that doesn't mean you have to take the law into your own hand.
Satoru: This isn't a game. Just leave this to the people whose job is to catch criminals.
Nanami: What he said.
Chisaki: I know this isn't a game. I'm serious.
Chisaki: Sakanoue-san has some health problems, so she has to go to the hospital a lot.
Chisaki: But now she's so scared I don't think she'll ever be able to ride the train again as long as this person's still out there.
Nanami: I mean... that is pretty awful...
*It's a thirty minute walk to the hospital from here.*
*And kids our age don't have enough money to take the taxi that often.*
*She could certainly walk the distance, but it'd be dark by the time she got back.*
*I don't think a girl would like having to walk alone in the middle of night.*
Satoru: ......
*Her classmates are suffering.*
*It's not a bad thing that she wants to help...*
*But it creates problems for us.*
Nanami: (What do we do, Onii-chan?)
*Nanami glances at me, her concern apparent.*
*But...*
Satoru: (Don't ask me.)
*She might run into us, and she could also alert the criminal.*
*There are no shortage of potential issues.*
*And worst of all, we're dealing with an Astral whose ability we don't know.*
*If we're not careful, she could end up getting hurt.*
Nanami: (We should stop her, right?)
Satoru: (Well, yeah.)
Nanami: (But she might not listen to us.)
Satoru: (Yeah... It's tough 'cause she's not doing this for selfish reasons.)
Satoru: (What can we do? We can't just let her get in trouble.)
Chisaki: I can't just do nothing after seeing how much pain Sakanoue-san was in.
Nanami,Satoru: ......
Satoru: Sorry, I should've taken you more seriously.
Satoru: I'll help you look for the criminal; how about that?
Nanami: Huh?
Chisaki: You will?
Satoru: Yeah. Though I understand if you'd rather I not.
Chisaki: Oh, no, I never said that! It's just that, um...
Satoru: Didn't I say I'd help you if you ever needed it?
Chisaki: You mean what you said that night?
Satoru: Yep. You're a good friend, so I'm always ready to lend a hand. Feel free to rely on me.
Chisaki: Thank you.
Chisaki: Alright, I guess I'll take you up on that then. Is that okay?
Satoru: Of course.
Satoru: You're gonna help too, right, Nanami?
Nanami: Huh? Oh, y-yeah!
Chisaki: Thanks so much, Nanami-chan.
Nanami: Sakanoue-san is my friend too. I can't just stand by and do nothing when she's hurting.
Chisaki: Alright, team! Let's catch that criminal and make it so she can go the hospital again without fear!
Nanami,Satoru: Y-Yeah!
*Nanami glances at me, clearly displeased.*
Nanami: (Are you sure you should've said that?)
Satoru: (What other option is there? We can't just let her go solo.)
Satoru: (It's much better to join up with her than to risk running into her during our search.)
Nanami: (I guess...)
Nanami: (Well, I don't have any better ideas, so we'll go with this.)
Satoru: (I'll tell Dad about our plan.)
Satoru: (Thanks for going along with this.)
Chisaki: Hmm. Oh, I have a great idea!
Chisaki: We'll call ourselves the SFD Force! Let's do this, team!
Nanami,Satoru: Pfft!
Chisaki: Whoa, what was that all about? You don't ever see two people spitting their drinks at the same time.
Nanami: Umm... *cough* *cough*
Satoru: Why are we the "SFD" Force?
Chisaki: I just thought it'd be cool to give ourselves a name, you know?
Chisaki: We're the Super Female Defense Force, or the SFD Force for short!
Satoru: Err, okay...
Nanami: I-I REALLY wasn't expecting that.
*I almost thought she knew about us for a second there.*
*God, I nearly had a heart attack.*
Chisaki: Should we adopt it?
Satoru: Well, uhh... I think we'll do just fine without a team name.
Nanami: Yeah, the last thing we wanna do is stand out.
Chisaki: Really? Well, if you two say so. Either way, let's do our best!
Nanami,Satoru: Yeah!
*Even though this was our best course of action, I have a feeling this is going to complicate things a whole lot...*
================================================================================
*The following day.*
*Nanami and I walked to school with Mibu-san.*
*Needless to say, it was because of our cooperation with the molester incident.*
Chisaki: I don't think we should try to find the criminal without a plan.
Chisaki: Don't you think we need some kind of strategy?
Satoru: I-I guess.
Chisaki: I'd like to discuss it some before school is out, so why don't we all three have lunch together?
Nanami: Sounds good to me.
Satoru: I don't mind either.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: (She's really pumped about this. It'll be hard to try and talk her down.)
Nanami: ......
*Nanami must be thinking the same.*
*At a loss, I find myself unable to do anything but sigh softly.*
*Nanami approaches and whispers into my ear.*
Nanami: Did you tell Dad about this?
Satoru: Yeah. I reported it to him.
Satoru: So a girl named Mibu Chisaki has joined our investigation.
Ryuunosuke: "Well, I guess there's nothing you can do now."
Ryuunosuke: "But personally, I think there were better options than what you went with."
Satoru: I'm sorry.
Ryuunosuke: "Well, do you think you'd be able to stop her at this point?"
*I doubt I'd be able to.*
*If anything, it'd just make her more determined.*
Ryuunosuke: "On the flipside, you created a sufficient excuse to look for the criminal in the face of the public."
Ryuunosuke: "I know you're not dumb, but please be careful."
Satoru: Of course. She won't know a thing about the organization.
Ryuunosuke: "Good. Alright then. Continue the search with this person, and report back to me if you find anything."
Satoru: Yes, sir.
Satoru: He gave us permission to do the search with her.
*Begrudgingly, but still.*
Satoru: We just need to find the molester and make sure she doesn't find out about us.
Nanami: Yeah, we better be careful.
Chisaki: What are you two whispering about?
Nanami: Huh? Oh, it's nothing.
Satoru: We were just talking about lunch time.
Satoru: We could eat at one of the canteens, but there'll be a lot of other people. Given what we're gonna be talking about, we might want to choose a more discreet location.
Chisaki: Oh, you might have a point there.
Chisaki: Why don't we buy some bread and go to the courtyard then?
Chisaki: Okay, so I've been thinking of a way to catch the molester.
Nanami: Did you come up with anything?
Chisaki: I think going to the crime scene would be the best.
Satoru: Right.
Chisaki: I mean, I'm a girl myself, so maybe we could employ a decoy strategy?
Satoru: No.
Chisaki: Wow, you shot that down fast.
Satoru: I'm not gonna let anyone be a decoy for a molester.
Chisaki: Well, I don't think a molester would be interested in a girl as thin and bony as me.
Satoru: That's not what I meant.
Satoru: I think a cute girl like you would get targeted, so I don't want you to put yourself in danger.
Chisaki: Aww, what a flatterer. Empty praise won't get you anywhere with me, though.
Satoru: I'm being serious here.
Chisaki: ......
*She's taken aback by my grave tone.*
Satoru: If you go in with the mindset that you're invincible, things are bound to blow up in your face.
Satoru: You know very well why Sakanoue-san was crying, don't you? Is that what you want to subject yourself to?
Chisaki: No...
Satoru: I hear that for victims, oftentimes the fear is so intense that their minds blank out.
Satoru: What if you get traumatized? You can't put yourself in a situation where you might become the prey instead of the hunter.
Satoru: Using anyone as a decoy is dangerous and I won't allow it.
Satoru: We're working together precisely because we want to avoid that kind of situation.
*I'm not lying.*
*We have a mission to accomplish, but I'm truly worried about her wellbeing.*
Chisaki: I'm sorry.
Satoru: I'm not mad at you or anything.
Satoru: Just forget about the whole decoy thing.
Chisaki: Alright. I promise not to do anything dangerous.
Satoru: Thanks.
Chisaki: But if the decoy method is out of the question, then the three of us alone might not be enough to catch the criminal.
Chisaki: Should I try and round up more people to help us?
Nanami: I don't think that's a good idea.
Chisaki: Why not?
Nanami: Well, umm...
Satoru: The more people we have searching, the more likely the criminal notices and grows wary.
Nanami: Y-Yeah, what he said.
Satoru: Also, there's a high chance the school will figure out what we're doing.
Satoru: And they'll undoubtedly tell us to stop and wait for the police to solve it.
Chisaki: I guess they would. So where does that leave us...
Nanami: Well, why don't we check the crime scene first and go from there?
Nanami: We've been living in the dorm for a while, so we don't have much personal experience riding the train during rush hour.
Satoru: Yeah. We can't do much without first knowing what it's like.
Chisaki: Good point. Even if we can't find the criminal, maybe we can think of a something Sakanoue-san might be able to do so she won't have to feel afraid anymore.
Chisaki: Let's do that.
Nanami: But we have class in the morning, so it'll be a little difficult for us to ride during morning rush hour.
Satoru: Well, let's just aim for afternoon rush hour for now.
Chisaki: Okay. So let's all meet up once school is out?
Satoru: Yeah. Let's try to make our move around sunset.
*That's roughly the times when most of the assaults happen, according to Dad's notes.*
*Between seven to eight in the morning, and from six to eight in the evening.*
*Our curfew is at 7:30 PM, but we can still do some investigating with the time we have.*
Chisaki: Alright. So how about we meet up at five?
Satoru: Sounds good.
Satoru: Oh, and one more thing.
Chisaki: Yes?
Satoru: Don't wear your school uniform.
*We don't know the patterns of the criminal, if they have any. But we know they're a pervert.*
*It's not unreasonable to assume they might have a thing for school uniforms.*
Chisaki: I-I know that. I won't do anything to draw attention to myself.
Satoru: Good.
Chisaki: Alright, so if I'll need to change first... do we want to meet up in the dorm lobby?
Satoru: Sure.
Nanami: No problem by me.
Chisaki: Perfect. We have our first plan of action now!
Chisaki: Let's go ahead and eat so we'll have energy for today's train sleuthing!
Nanami: Oh, there you are.
Satoru: Sorry. Have you guys been waiting long?
Chisaki: No, not at all.
Chisaki: So are you ready now?
Satoru: Yep. Let's get going.
Nanami: How packed do you think the trains are during rush hour?
Chisaki: You never rode the train before coming here?
Nanami: Nope. I've always lived at walking distance from school.
Chisaki: Well, I think that's probably a good thing.
Chisaki: As well-endowed as you are, you'd be a prime target for those dirty molesters.
Chisaki: I've heard so many stories it kinda feels like you're lucky if you're not get molested on a crowded train.
Nanami: I think you might be exaggerating a bit.
Nanami: Besides, when everyone's packed in there like sardines, it's easy for a hand to accidentally touch someone.
Chisaki: I can't really talk from experience, but if trains have a reputation for being full of molesters, it must be for a reason.
Nanami: Y-You're kinda scaring me now.
Nanami: Do you have experience with crowded trains?
Chisaki: I've ridden it a couple times, but I'm a little too short.
Chisaki: It's hard to breathe when you're surrounded by so many people, and I can't even reach the safety handles to stay balanced, so I always feel like I'm about to fall.
Chisaki: So I avoid them as much as I can.
Nanami: Have you ever encountered any molesters?
Chisaki: Not at all, thankfully.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Maybe I should do this on my own.
Satoru: From what you say, it seems dangerous to board a train during rush hour as a girl, even leaving aside the fact that we've got a serial molester at large.
Chisaki: Yeah... Maybe Nanami-chan should stay behind.
Satoru: I'm talking about you too.
Satoru: You need to put more value in yourself.
Chisaki: But there's not really anything there for a molester to grope.
Satoru: Why are you only looking at it through that lens?
Satoru: No matter what you say, you're a pretty girl. And I'm not just saying that.
Chisaki: But I'm all skin and bones. I can't see why anyone would risk committing a crime to touch me.
Chisaki: As sad as it is to admit...
Satoru: Why do you keep demeaning yourself like that?
Satoru: Being as cute as you are, you're bound to catch the attention of a guy.
Chisaki: Oh... D-Do you really think so?
Satoru: I do. You shouldn't assume that no one will molest you just because you don't see yourself as attractive.
Satoru: At the very least, you're attractive enough in my eyes.
Chisaki: What? O-Okay, thank you? Should I take that as a compliment?
Nanami: Don't be afraid to tell him that he's being creepy, Chisaki-chan.
Chisaki: I don't think he's being creepy, though. Really.
Nanami: If you say so...
Nanami: Trying to hit on your sister's friend right in front of her is pretty creepy, if you ask me.
Satoru: Wow, that's slander. I'm not trying to hit on her; I'm just trying to give her advice.
Satoru: And everything I said applies to you too. You have to look out.
Nanami: I know. You don't have to tell me.
Satoru: Actually, on second thought, I think you two should probably stay here.
Chisaki: That's not what we agreed upon.
Chisaki: I'm the one who initially suggested we catch the criminal, so I need to take responsibility.
*I guess she's not backing down no matter what I say.*
Chisaki: If I sit this one out, I'd just be pushing all the hard work onto you. I can't do that.
Nanami: I agree with you.
Nanami: I'm a bit scared of being groped, but we decided that we're gonna catch them, so we can't back out now.
Satoru: Alright.
*I guess it's a little late to talk her out of it.*
*And Nanami's a very responsible person, and quite stubborn about that too.*
*It's our mission, so she probably won't let me go alone.*
*And if she doesn't, Mibu-san won't either.*
Chisaki: I think we'll be fine. After all, we've got you with us.
Chisaki: You'll protect us, won't you?
Satoru: ......
*Now that she's asking me, I kinda want to show off.*
Satoru: *sigh* Fine. We'll go together.
Chisaki: Thank you!
Nanami: Oh gosh, there's so many people. How do they all fit in there?
Chisaki: They only just barely fit. That's why they call it a can of sardines.
Satoru: Stay close to me.
*We're pushed onto a corner of the train car.*
Chisaki: Ngh... thish is kinda painful...
Nanami: H-How is it this crowded? Ahhh! Now the train's jostling around! Oh no! Sorry, I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to step on your feet!
Satoru: Make sure you don't get separated from me.
Chisaki: Ngh... O-Okay!
Nanami: I-I'll try.
*Alright. Nothing should happen if they stay this close.*
Satoru: Nhh...
Chisaki: *sigh*... It feels a little easier to breathe now.
Nanami: Yeah, there's more space.
Satoru: Are you girls okay? You're not hurt, are you? No one... tried to touch you in any inappropriate places?
Chisaki: No.
Nanami: I'm fine too.
Satoru: Good. Try to stay still.
*I put my hands against the wall to shield them.*
*This at least works to protect them from the onslaught of people.*
*Everyone around them should understand that they're with me now.*
*No molester would bother with women that are being escorted by a man.*
Chisaki: Oh, you did this, Senpai.
Nanami: Thanks, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Don't mention it.
*Minute by minute, the train gets more congested.*
*I then feel an overwhelming pressure pushing against my back.*
*But I can withstand it by using my ability.*
*The only problem with this position is that I can't do what we came here for: look for the criminal.*
Nanami: Wow. I didn't think trains could get this packed.
Chisaki: We're not really experiencing the worst part of it thanks to Senpai, though.
Nanami: Yeah, I felt like I was gonna get squashed before he put his hand up.
Nanami: You can barely move like this, let alone escape from a molester.
Chisaki: I can see why this is so bad; accidents are almost unavoidable.
Nanami: We need to solve this soon.
Satoru: I can't look behind me, so I'll leave the monitoring to you two.
Satoru: Don't worry about me; try to look around.
Chisaki: Got it!
Nanami: Okay!
Chisaki: Don't push yourself too hard for us, though.
Chisaki: If it starts to hurt, feel free to relax your arms.
Chisaki: You don't have to worry about getting a little closer to us. I know you're not a molester.
Satoru: Thanks. I'll do that if my arm starts to wear out.
*We kept looking for the molester and rode the train until it was time to go back.*
Chisaki: Nanami, hurry! We're gonna miss the curfew!
Nanami: I know! *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*... I know, but I can't go any faster...
Chisaki: We made it!
Satoru: Phew. That was close.
Nanami: Y-Yeah... *pant* *pant* *pant*...
Hazuki: Hm? Are the three of you just now getting back?
Hazuki: You cut it quite close. What in the world were you up to?
Satoru: We just had some business to take care of. We were planning to be here earlier, but some things happened...
Chisaki: Yeah. The train was so crowded we missed our station.
Nanami: It was crazy. *pant* *pant*... *pant*...
*As embarrassing as it is to admit, I think this is 100\% my fault.*
*In trying to protect them, I corralled us so far back that we couldn't get out by the time we made it to our station.*
Hazuki: You should know trains get packed during rush hour. Take these precautions before you go out so that you can avoid potentially not making it back on time.
Hazuki: Just be glad that you made it in time today.
Satoru: Yeah, we just got a little caught off-guard.
Satoru: We won't let it happen again.
Hazuki: Alright.
Chisaki: Okay, let's go get dinner!
Nanami: W-Wait, Chisaki-chan! I can't run that fast! *cough* *cough*
Chisaki: Well, we didn't accomplish much today.
Nanami: There wasn't much we could do. And, if anything, it's a good thing the molester didn't strike.
Chisaki: I guess, but I still can't just give up. I have to avenge Sakanoue-san!
Satoru: I know. I wasn't planning on stopping after this either.
Satoru: Let's just keep riding the train for now.
Satoru: So, on that note, I realized something today.
Satoru: It's probably better if I ride the train alone.
Nanami: We can't just let you do everything alone.
Chisaki: Yeah! This was my idea, so I have to do my part too.
Satoru: I know how you feel.
Satoru: But like I said before, attractive girls are at risk.
Satoru: I can protect you, of course, but then I can't focus on anything else.
*I learned that painfully well during our ride today.*
*No matter how sharp one's senses may be, it's difficult to assess anything when you're swarmed by a huge crowd like that.*
*You can only rely on your sight.*
Satoru: I want you to let me do this on my own so we can catch the criminal as soon as possible.
Chisaki: So me and Nanami-chan won't be able to help at all?
Satoru: Well...
Satoru: Yeah. At least with this, you'll just be making things harder for me.
Satoru: If you girls are around, I have to give you priority over the search.
Satoru: But since I'm a guy, I can focus solely on trying to pinpoint the molester if I'm alone.
*It's not like men can't be molested.*
*But according to the reports, this particular molester only goes after women.*
Nanami,Chisaki: ......
Satoru: ......
*Both of them look at me, their gazes dead serious.*
*Still, I can't capitulate on this matter, even if they get upset at me over it.*
*Above all, I'm on a mission. A mission I have to accomplish at all costs.*
*And I don't want to put them in danger either.*
*I respond to them a gaze of conviction myself.*
*And...*
Chisaki: Well, I guess we can't really argue against that.
*Contrary to what I imagined, Mibu-san yields, shrugging.*
Satoru: S-Seriously?
Chisaki: What? You said all that wanting me to say no?
Satoru: Well, no, but I thought for sure you'd try and argue against me.
Chisaki: Well, I won't lie. It does kinda hurt to hear that I'm not needed.
Chisaki: But after seeing how that train gets during rush hour, I get what you mean. I would've gotten squashed down if you weren't there to protect me.
Nanami: Yeah. I probably wouldn't have been able to breathe otherwise.
Satoru: I wasn't expecting it to be that bad either.
Nanami: Sorry for being dead weight.
Satoru: Well, you're not dead weight in general. It's only in this specific instance.
Satoru: I just had to confirm that going about this in a group isn't the smartest idea.
Satoru: From now on, I'll board the train alone.
Nanami: Yeah. It kind of hurts to know I can't do anything, but I understand...
Chisaki: Sorry, Senpai. We'll be wishing you luck.
Satoru: Yeah, thanks.
Satoru: Don't worry. I'm just as upset as you guys; I won't let the molester get away.
Chisaki: Thank you.
*I'm just glad they're being accepting of my suggestion.*
*But we still learned basically nothing about the molester.*
*I have to get serious. This is where the true battle starts.*
Chisaki: I know we can't go with you since we'd just get in the way.
Chisaki: But I'll gladly help in any other way I can.
Chisaki: If you ever have problems, feel free to come to me! And that's not restricted to this molester incident; I'm always happy to help you with anything!
Satoru: Thank you.
Nanami: I'll help too, so if you ever need anything, just say the word, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Thanks.
Satoru: I'll be sure to rely on you if something ever comes up.
================================================================================
Nanami,Chisaki: You figured out who the criminal is?!
Satoru: Maybe.
Satoru: I have no solid proof, but I believe they're using some form of psychokinesis.
Chisaki: But wouldn't that mean they're not actually touching their victims?
Satoru: Yeah, but what they're after is the reactions of the victims.
Chisaki: Okay?
Satoru: You'd normally think they'd be doing it for the physical sensation, but I think in this case, they want to see how women react to being molested.
Chisaki: Whoa, what a freak.
Satoru: Er, I don't think it's that--Ahem! Never mind.
*Oh shit! I almost mentioned how turned on I got from watching Mibu-san's reactions yesterday.*
Chisaki: Huh?
*This is bad.*
*Looking at her face keeps reminding me of yesterday.*
*I need to pull myself together and calm down...*
Satoru: ......
*I look away from her and take a deep breath.*
Nanami: So they want to see, not touch... Does that mean the molester doesn't stand behind their victims?
Satoru: Yeah. It's more likely that they're in some place where they can get a good look.
Satoru: And, obviously, nobody would suspect the person that's standing right in front of them and keeping their hands to themselves.
Chisaki: So if we consider where the victim was standing yesterday...
Chisaki: Does that mean the molester was the person sitting in front of her?
*I nod.*
Satoru: If my conjecture is right, then there's a high chance that's them.
*One wouldn't normally suspect the person sitting in front of you to be the one molesting you.*
Satoru: So I have something I want you to do, Mibu-san.
Chisaki: Want me to be the decoy?
Satoru: No. I'm not letting anyone put themselves in harm's way; we've been over this.
Chisaki: I know. I was just having a little fun.
Satoru: I just want you to ask Sakanoue-san about what she saw.
Satoru: If she wasn't in a position where anyone could've seen her face, my hypothesis could be completely wrong.
Chisaki: Alright.
Chisaki: She's a bit faint of heart, though, so she might not want to revisit those memories...
Satoru: I know. You don't have to force her to talk about it if she doesn't want to.
Satoru: I'll leave the decision to you.
Chisaki: Okay.
Nanami: ......
Chisaki: I'll talk with Sakanoue-san when I get the chance.
Satoru: Thanks. Don't push her for answers too much.
Chisaki: Yeah, I won't. So I guess we'll meet up for lunch again?
Satoru: Sure.
Chisaki: Alright. See you later.
Chisaki: Let's get going, Nanami-chan.
Nanami: Oh, I have something to talk about with him. You can go on ahead.
Chisaki: Oh, okay.
*She walks away to her classroom without saying much else.*
*After making sure she's gone, Nanami turns to me.*
Nanami: You remember everything about the train ride yesterday, right?
Nanami: Did you see the criminal's face? We can search for them in the AIMS database by using a filter for all those with psychokinesis abilities.
Satoru: Sorry, I wasn't in a good position to see them.
Satoru: I never imagined a sitting person would be responsible, so I didn't think I needed to focus on them.
Satoru: That was a blunder on my part.
Nanami: Don't beat yourself up over it.
Satoru: I hadn't thought of looking into the AIMS.
Satoru: Though there is something I'd like to ask you to do.
Satoru: I want you to check the information Dad sent and see if there's anything I'm overlooking.
Nanami: Alright. I'll do that.
Satoru: Thanks.
Nanami: I gotta get to class now. Bye.
Chisaki: We got it, Senpai! Sakanoue-san said she was sitting in front of a passenger and holding onto a safety handle.
Chisaki: And apparently the man in front of her was grinning the whole time.
Chisaki: It scared her so much that she still remembers that face he was making.
Satoru: Alright. Thanks.
*I nod and turn to Nanami.*
Nanami: ......
*She gives a tiny nod.*
*It looks like she understands what I'm trying to say.*
*Judging from the evidence we're collecting, I think we're on the right track.*
Satoru: This sounds much more plausible than a molester that's attacking from behind.
Satoru: Let's investigate some more and see where we get.
Nanami: I think that's a good idea.
Chisaki: I'm surprised you were able to figure out the molester's motives that easily.
Satoru: Yeah, uhh...
Satoru: It was all thanks to that simulation with you.
Chisaki: Huh?
Nanami: Satoru-kun, are you saying what I think you are...
Satoru: Wait--no! That, err, came out wrong.
Satoru: That guy's beyond help! Deriving pleasure from molesting people and watching their reactions is weird and wrong!
Chisaki: But, going by what you said, you were essentially able to empathize with this guy who's "beyond help."
Satoru: I don't empathize with him at all! He's a scumbag!
Nanami: I think this is what we call "being in denial."
Satoru: ......
*I tried to deny it by getting outraged, but they're not that dumb.*
Chisaki: Um, that came to your mind from watching me?
Chisaki: ......
Satoru: I just did it to catch the criminal! I'm not lying!
Satoru: But I'm sorry if I made you feel uncomfortable. I'm really sorry.
Chisaki: Oh, no! I was the one who asked you to do it. You really don't need to apologize.
Chisaki: And now we're closer to catching the criminal. I should be thanking you.
Satoru: Thanks for being so understanding.
Chisaki: Still, you were able to empathize with a molester after one little simulation...
Chisaki: You're a bona fide pervert, aren'tcha, Senpai!
Satoru: ......
Chisaki: You're sooo beyond help! *giggle*!
*I guess the abyss does stare back if one's not careful.*
Nanami: You don't have to pretend you're okay with it, Chisaki-chan. Lay into him.
Chisaki: You're always so hard on him. But I guess that just shows how much you love him.
Nanami: That isn't true...
Chisaki: You two are just like two peas in a pod. Oh--are you trying to get his attention? Is that what this is about?
Nanami: O-Oh, for crying out loud! No, I'm not! So stop it!
Kaori: Alright. We'll end class here for today.
Kaori: Have a good afternoon.
Satoru: Hmm...
*It's time to resume the search.*
Kyouhei: Hey, Satoru. Something going on? You've been leaving campus every day after school these past few days.
Satoru: Yeah. I've got some important business to take care of.
Hazuki: Oh? Are you leaving again today?
Satoru: Yeah. I promise I'll be back before curfew, though, so don't worry.
Kyouhei: Wait. Did you break curfew once already?
Hazuki: Almost. He arrived back with only a few minutes to spare.
Kyouhei: Whoa, talk about playing with fire.
Hazuki: I won't demand you to speak if you're not comfortable telling me, but feel free to come to me if you're having problems.
Hazuki: I'm always willing to help.
Kyouhei: Same here.
*I'm glad they're willing to help, but I don't want to get Nijouin-san involved in this search.*
*She could become a victim, after all.*
*And... Kyouhei too, I guess.*
Kyouhei: Hmph.
Hazuki: What is it, Suou?
Kyouhei: I'm feeling really uncomfortable for some reason. And I think it's because of Satoru.
Satoru: ......
*He's awfully sharp.*
Satoru: Well, thanks, you two. I'll be fine, though.
Kyouhei: Oh, okay then.
Hazuki: Don't feel shy if you truly are having trouble with something.
Satoru: Yeah, of course.
Chisaki: Senpai!
*When I turn around, I see Mibu-san waving at me.*
Satoru: Mibu-san?
Satoru: Sorry, gotta go.
Kyouhei: Aight.
Hazuki: Be careful out there.
Satoru: I will.
*I grab my bag and leave.*
Satoru: Oh, is Nanami not with you?
Chisaki: She's with Sakanoue-san.
Satoru: Why? Did something happen?
Chisaki: She has to go to the hospital today.
Chisaki: But she's still scared to ride the train on her own.
Satoru: Makes sense.
Chisaki: So she asked if me and Nanami-chan could accompany her.
Satoru: Yeah. I guess you can't exactly say no to that.
*I'm supposed to be boarding the train alone.*
*So I don't really care what they do as long as the investigation continues.*
Satoru: Think it'll be rush hour by the time you get back from the hospital?
Chisaki: Yeah. We won't be able to avoid it.
Satoru: So you'll end up a decoy whether we like it or not...
Chisaki: Look, I promise we didn't plan for it to turn out this way.
Satoru: I know. You wouldn't break a promise.
*The fact that she came to tell me should serve as proof of that.*
*She's fully trusting me with this investigation.*
Chisaki: What do we do about this, Senpai?
Satoru: Hmm...
*We can't just tell her not to go to the hospital.*
*Maybe they could get someone else to go with her?*
*But that doesn't solve the core problem. Sakanoue-san is still at risk either way.*
*They'd just be abandoning her.*
Satoru: Alright. I'll go the hospital with you guys.
Satoru: If anything happens along the way, I'll deal with it.
Chisaki: Thank you! I really appreciate it, but umm...
Chisaki: Sakanoue-san seems to be a bit on-edge right now, and having a man nearby would probably scare her.
Satoru: I know. I won't try to get in her space.
Satoru: I'll just keep watch from a distance so she won't notice me. That's okay, right?
Chisaki: Yeah. Sorry about this.
Satoru: It's fine. I'd just hate for something to happen to you girls.
*If she's molested again, Sakanoue-san might be traumatized for life.*
*And if by chance Mibu-san was targeted too...*
*I can't even stand the thought of it.*
Satoru: Alright. Let's go with that.
Chisaki: Yep! Thanks again.
Satoru: I know I'll be keeping an eye on you, but be careful still.
Satoru: Stay in a place where you don't stand out in the train. And don't get funny ideas about using yourself as a decoy or whatever.
Chisaki: I know, I know. You don't have to worry; I won't do anything like that.
Satoru: Alright. I trust you.
Satoru: I'll go back to my room and get ready.
Chisaki: Okay. I'll see you later.
Sakanoue: I'm sorry you have to take time out of your day to come with me.
Chisaki: Hey, it's no problem for us!
Nanami: Yeah. We're just as upset about the molester as you are.
Sakanoue: Thanks.
Nanami: Alright. Are we ready to get going then?
Chisaki: Yep. The quicker we are, the better chance we have of beating that rush hour congestion.
Sakanoue: Yeah.
Satoru: ......
*With that, the three of them walk out the door.*
*After a second or two, I sneakily follow them.*
*Sakanoue-san boards the train alongside Nanami and Mibu-san.*
*I also got in as well.*
*It's still a bit early, so the train isn't terribly crowded.*
*There's plenty of space for each of us, so we aren't squashed together.*
*But Sakanoue-san still holds onto Mibu-san and Nanami's arm. She looks genuinly terrified.*
Satoru: ......
*We gotta do something quick.*
*They arrive at the hospital without incident.*
*Then, they enter.*
*I stay outside in a position where I can see the hospital's entrance.*
Satoru: ......
*I doubt we'll find the molester anywhere around here, so maybe I should loosen up a bit.*
*But I still watch over the entire hospital because I want to protect Sakanoue-san.*
*This makes me feel more calm.*
*Is this my workaholic nature kicking in here?*
Satoru: Well, it's not really a problem, so whatever.
*I doubt a molester would try to strike in a hospital, especially not in broad daylight.*
*So it's a little pointless of me to stand watch so attentively.*
Satoru: Yeah, maybe I should really relax.
*I lean back against a wall and take a deep breath.*
*Then...*
Satoru: Ngh?!
*I feel someone behind me.*
*And they're coming towards me.*
Satoru: (An enemy? Don't tell me someone figured me out.)
Satoru: ......
Satoru: (Wait. A molester wouldn't come for me.)
Satoru: (And their movements are sloppy. Like an amateur trying to be sneaky.)
Assailant?: Hey!
Satoru: Ah!
*My body reacts before my mind can catch up.*
*I turn around and see an arm heading to my neck.*
*Immediately, I take hold of it and immobilize the assailant--only to realize...*
Satoru: M-Mibu-san?
*I'm dumbfounded.*
*Quickly, I let go of her arm.*
Satoru: (Phew, that was close. If I noticed a second later, I would've dislocated her arm.)
Chisaki: O-Oh gosh, I'm never gonna do that again.
Satoru: Do you need something? I thought you were going to wait inside the hospital with Sakanoue-san...
Chisaki: She's undergoing her check-up right now. Nanami's right there with her.
Chisaki: They said it'd take a bit longer, so I came to bring you something for your troubles. Here you go.
Satoru: ......
*I look at the arm I almost twisted just now.*
*She has a bottle of tea in it, and orange juice in the other.*
Satoru: Sorry.
Chisaki: Don't worry. It was my fault for trying to surprise you.
Chisaki: I didn't imagine you'd notice me, though. Are you some kind of karate king or something?
Satoru: Err, no. All that stuff you heard about me is fake.
Chisaki: Really? Aww, that's a letdown.
Chisaki: So, which do you want? I've got tea and orange juice.
Satoru: I'll take the tea.
Chisaki: Here you go.
Satoru: Thanks. I'll pay it back.
Chisaki: Oh, you silly. You don't need to do that.
Satoru: I mean, you bought it for me, so I should pay you back. That's only fair.
Chisaki: I know what you mean, but it's just a drink.
Chisaki: Take it as our thanks for coming with us. Honestly, I kind of wish I could give you something more.
Satoru: Oh, no. This is fine.
*I take the tea. *
Satoru: Thanks, Mibu-san.
Chisaki: No problem. If anything, I'm the one that should be thanking you.
Chisaki: Thank you so much for accompanying us today.
Satoru: It's no big deal.
Satoru: I came because I wanted to make sure you were safe.
Chisaki: I figured you'd say that. You act all tough and gruff, but you're just a big ole softie inside, aren't you? Classic tsundere behavior.
Satoru: I don't know how I feel about that.
Chisaki: Really? I'm complimenting you, more or less.
*That's her idea of a compliment?*
Satoru: But yeah, don't feel like you're indebted to me over this.
Satoru: I'm not doing it because I want something in return.
*It's true that I can't leave Sakanoue-san alone because I'm worried about Mibu-san and Nanami.*
*But I'm still on a mission here.*
*Receiving gifts makes me feel guilty.*
Satoru: This tea's more than enough.
Chisaki: I personally feel like it's not much, but if you're fine with it, then I am too.
Chisaki: At the very least, enjoy that tea.
Satoru: Yeah, I will. Thanks.
Chisaki: No problem.
*She nods and opens her orange juice bottle next to me.*
Chisaki: *gulp* *gulp* Ahhh!
*Wow, she just chugged that like a champ.*
*Actually...*
Satoru: Shouldn't you be getting back to Nanami and Sakanoue-san?
Chisaki: It's gonna be a bit of time before her examination is done.
Chisaki: And I'd hate to make you wait out here all by your lonesome.
Satoru: That doesn't bother me.
Chisaki: Maybe, but it bothers me. So just let me do this, okay?
Satoru: Alright then...
Chisaki: Yep! That's the spirit.
*She nods and smiles.*
*Well, it's no big deal. I don't mind her company.*
Satoru: ......
*I feel somewhat... strange when I'm around her.*
*My mouth feels parched--not my throat.*
*I try to gulp the tea down to dispel this strange feeling.*
Satoru: *gulp* Ahh!
Chisaki: ......
Satoru: Wh-What?
Chisaki: You downed that tea all in one go, just like a little kid! It was seriously adorable.
Satoru: Urk.
Satoru: Would you stop making fun of me? You can't just call a man adorable.
Chisaki: Only a little kid would get offended at something like that, Senpai! *giggle*
Satoru: You're the girl here, so if anyone's c-cute, it's you.
Chisaki: Come on, at least get it out without stuttering, Senpai! *giggle*
Satoru: ......
*I don't know why I'm so nervous.*
*It feels like she's toying with me--like I'm putty in her hands.*
*Why am I like this? Did the whole molester simulation thing yesterday really get to me that much?*
Chisaki: You've been standing a whole lot. Wanna sit down?
*She then goes to sit down on a nearby bench.*
*After that, she taps the spot next to hers.*
Chisaki: Come on.
Satoru: A-Alright.
*I comply and sit next to her.*
*Man, she can control me like a dog.*
*It's a little pathetic of me to get this worked up over a girl who's younger than me.*
*But even knowing that, I can't do much but chug my tea awkwardly.*
Chisaki: You're really gulping that tea down. Were you that thirsty?
Satoru: I, uh... guess.
Chisaki: Good thing I decided to buy us some drinks.
Satoru: Yeah, thanks.
Chisaki: *giggle*!
Satoru: ......
*Her smile is so charming I have to look away.*
Chisaki: Hmm?
*I try to mask my uneasiness by drinking more tea.*
Chisaki: Hmm...
Satoru: ......
*She's staring at me, isn't she...*
*I can feel her eyes on me, but I don't dare look at her to find out what the problem is.*
*Instead, I lose to her pressure and turn my head away even further.*
Chisaki: Are you mad at me?
Satoru: What? No. Why would I be?
Chisaki: Well, you aren't looking at me, so doesn't that mean you don't want to look at my face?
Satoru: I'm not mad at you, I promise.
Chisaki: Then you can at least look at me, right?
Satoru: I suppose.
*I turn to her.*
Satoru: See?
Satoru: ......
Chisaki: ......
Satoru: ......
Chisaki: Hey, you just turned right back away!
Chisaki: You're totally acting weird.
Satoru: No, I'm not. It's just--
Satoru: Ah...
Chisaki: Just what?
*Whenever I make eye contact with her, I remember what happened yesterday.*
*Her fair and blushed skin, how cute she looked when she was all nervous... It makes me feel nervous.*
Satoru: (Argh, I can't tell her that! She'll totally laugh at me!)
Satoru: It's nothing.
Chisaki: What?! You can't just say it's nothing after leading me on like that!
*She gets closer and grabs my arm.*
*Even over the clothes, I can feel her soft touch.*
Satoru: (She feels way different from Nanami.)
*She's much warmer than Nanami.*
*And that doesn't help my nerves at all.*
Satoru: (Shit... I know I've gotta be blushing like crazy right now.)
*Not wanting to embarrass myself even further, I look away.*
Chisaki: You're looking away again.
Chisaki: I'm annoying you, aren't I?
Satoru: No, you really aren't. I swear.
Chisaki: Then why are you so mad?
Chisaki: You can tell me if you're stressed out. It's not good to bottle everything in.
Chisaki: If you're not, then please look at me while we're talking. I know you're older than me, but it's still really rude.
Satoru: You're completely right, but err--
Chisaki: *stare*
Satoru: ......
*Now she's leaning in and trying to get a look at my face.*
*I resign myself and turn around.*
Satoru: I'm not mad.
Satoru: See?
Chisaki: ......
Satoru: ......
*I subdue the overwhelming impulse to avert my eyes and look straight at her.*
Chisaki: Well, I guess you don't look angry.
Satoru: See?
Chisaki: But how come you keep looking away from me?
Satoru: ......
*I don't know what to say.*
*She keeps staring at me, waiting for an answer.*
*But the silence is soon interrupted by voices of onlookers.*
Pedestrian A: Hey, look at those kids passionately gazing at each other. Isn't that sweet?
Pedestrian B: Aww, isn't that guy blushing? How cute!
Satoru: Ngh...
Pedestrian A: Think they're gonna kiss?
Chisaki: Ah?!
Pedestrian B: Oh, now the girl's blushing too.
Pedestrian A: Think they're getting shy now that they see us?
Pedestrian B: Probably. Come on, let's get going.
*Just as the passersby pointed out, our faces are bright red.*
*Man, I never expected people would look at what we were doing and think THAT.*
*But I guess it makes sense. What else would you think when two people are silently gazing into each other's eyes like that?*
Chisaki: Y-You're a little too close for comfort.
Satoru: You're the one who wanted to see my face, though.
Chisaki: W-Well, yeah...
Chisaki: B-But you're kinda staring at me, and your face is way too close.
Chisaki: I know I'm the one who said to look at me, but people are getting the wrong idea.
Satoru: R-Right. That's a problem.
Satoru: Even if they're strangers, you probably don't want them thinking I'm your boyfriend...
Satoru: It'd be bad if weird rumors started floating around.
Chisaki: Huh? Ah! No, no! My problem wasn't people mistaking you as my boyfriend!
Chisaki: I was just thinking people might think we were trying to kiss in public and report it to the academy.
Satoru: O-Oh, okay.
Satoru: Yeah, that'd be bad.
Chisaki: I have nothing against you, I promise. I just don't want to get in trouble with the school.
Satoru: R-Right. Thanks.
Chisaki: I wouldn't have come out here to hang out with you if I didn't like you.
Satoru: Yeah... that makes me feel a bit better.
Chisaki: Like I said, I have nothing against you, but I think it'd be better to keep our distance right now.
Satoru: Y-Yeah. We were definitely a bit too close.
*Still blushing fiercely, we move back to our original positions.*
*But now things are kind of awkward. I don't think we'll be able to talk naturally like we were.*
Satoru: ......
Chisaki: ......
*Peeking over, I see that blushing face of hers, and man is it cute.*
*Simply put--I'm embarrassed.*
*It sounds simple enough, but seeing a pretty girl acting bashful kind of stimulates my male instincts.*
*This has to be what that molester gets a kick out of.*
Satoru: *sigh*
Chisaki: Huh? Why the long face?
Satoru: Oh, er, it's nothing. I wasn't sighing in frustration at you or anything.
Satoru: I was just thinking about how I sympathize with that molester again... and now I feel like garbage.
Chisaki: Is this about the thing we did yesterday again?
*She gets even redder remembering yesterday's simulation.*
*And those reactions are why I'm so nervous right now...*
Chisaki: Th-That molester is pretty scummy, yeah.
Chisaki: But we were able to get one step closer to catching them because of your inner pervert.
Satoru: Please, don't call it that.
Chisaki: Ahaha. Well, all boys are like that, aren't they?
Satoru: E-Err, I wouldn't say everyone, necessarily.
Chisaki: Most of you do have strong libidos, though, right?
Satoru: Can't deny that.
Chisaki: Yeah. So I don't think you should be ashamed of having those feelings.
Satoru: ......
*I can't believe this girl who's younger than me is accepting these debauched desires... I'm a complete failure as a man.*
Chisaki: You sure have some weird tastes, though.
Satoru: What do you mean?
Chisaki: Well, you got all horny from looking at me.
Chisaki: If I were in your shoes, I'd be looking for more attractive girls to gawk at.
Satoru: So you say, but there's a certain sexiness to a girl who thinks no one would ever be attracted to them.
Chisaki: Ohh... okay. But one thing.
Satoru: What is it?
Chisaki: You're getting a little too into a molester's mind. You're pretty close to legitimately scaring me, you know?
Satoru: Ugh...
Chisaki: You really surprised me, I'll say. I never expected you to be so dirty-minded! *giggle*
Chisaki: You're a real pervert among perverts!
Satoru: Man, that's not too flattering.
Chisaki: It's not supposed to be a compliment! All that stuff you said to me could totally be called sexual harassment.
Satoru: S-Sorry. I really am sorry.
Satoru: Just don't tell Nanami, please. I don't want to incur her wrath.
Chisaki: Ahaha! You just can't stand up to her, can you?
Chisaki: Alright, I'll keep it a secret from her. But promise me you'll keep us safe until we get back to campus. Okay, Senpai?
Satoru: Of course. That's what I'm here for.
Satoru: I won't let anything happen to any of you.
Chisaki: Since you can read the molester's mind so well, I know you're the best person for the job!
Satoru: I don't really like what you're implying there.
Chisaki: *giggle*!
Sakanoue: Sorry for making you wait so long.
Chisaki: Don't worry about it. Your health is what matters most.
Nanami: Alright. Are you ready to go?
Sakanoue: Y-Yeah.
*The train is probably going to be pretty congested at this time of day.*
*I can tell that Sakanoue-san is nervous.*
Chisaki: Don't worry. We'll make sure nothing bad happens to you! Isn't that right, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: Yeah.
Chisaki: And we've got our own little ace in the hole too!
Sakanoue: What's that?
Chisaki: It's a secret! Just know that we'll be safe, no matter what.
Sakanoue: Thanks, you two.
Nanami: It's nothing. This is what friends are for.
Chisaki: Yeah. We girls gotta stick together.
Nanami: Oh, here comes the train. Are you okay? Think you'll be able to get on?
Sakanoue: Y-Yeah, I can do this.
Satoru: ......
*I stay at a distance from them and survey the area.*
Satoru: (Most people are just staring forward or staring at their phone.)
Satoru: ......
Satoru: (Good. No one looks suspicious.)
Satoru: (While it's nice that they'll be able to ride back home without incident, this means another fruitless day of searching for me.)
*But I still keep a close enough distance to jump to action in the event that anything happens.*
*As we pass the stations, people get off and get on.*
*Until Sakanoue-san seems to notice something.*
Sakanoue: Ah...
Nanami: What is it?
Sakanoue: I remember that man. He was the one sitting in front of me...
Chisaki: Huh?! That's him?!
*They're looking at a man in a suit that's sitting down.*
*A woman is standing in front of him.*
*Her hands are occupied holding onto a safety handle, her face is bright red, and it looks like she's on the verge of tears. The way she hangs her head suggests she's in some sort of pain.*
*The man glances at her every few seconds, the corners of his mouth curled up.*
*That lecherous smile on his face can only mean one thing.*
Satoru: That has to be him.
Chisaki: He's doing it again?! How dare he!
Nanami: Huh?! Ch-Chisaki-chan, what are you--?!
Chisaki: You ran out of luck today, mister! I'm not letting you go free!
*She steps forward with intent, shoving the other passengers out of her way and making her way to the man.*
*W-Wait a minute! Is she gonna go and try to stop him?!*
Chisaki: Hey, you! What are you doing?!
Man: Huh?! Wh-What do you want?!
Chisaki: Don't play dumb! I'm onto your tricks! Stop using your ability to--
Man: Wha--?! Shut up!
*The man changes his focus from the woman to Mibu-san as soon as he realizes he's been found out.*
*And the next second, an invisible force comes flying her way.*
Chisaki: Huh?
Satoru: Mibu-san!
Chisaki: Wait--Senpai?!
Satoru: Agh!
*Immediately after I try to get a hold of Mibu-san to shield her...*
*I suffer a huge blow my skull.*
*A strange sensation spreads through the back of my nose all the way up to my head.*
*I'm feeling dizzy. I must've hit my forehead against the metal railing to the side of the car.*
*If I wasn't prepared, it would've definitely messed me up.*
Satoru: Oww!
Chisaki: I'm sorry, Senpai! This is my fault...
Satoru: I-I'm fine. Are you okay?
Chisaki: Yeah, thanks to you... Ah! You're bleeding!
Satoru: Oh, I guess I am.
*Looks like I cut my forehead a little.*
*But nothing's broken, at least.*
Satoru: It's not a big deal.
Chisaki: B-But you need to get that treated.
*She takes out a handkerchief and wipes my forehead.*
Satoru: Ngh!
Chisaki: Ah, s-sorry!
Satoru: I'm good. Thanks, Mibu-san.
Satoru: I know you're worried about me...
Satoru: But there's something we gotta do right now.
Man: Wh-What the hell's your problem? I didn't do a thing to you.
Man: You're the one who fell and hit your head!
Satoru: When did I ever say you were to blame? You're digging your own grave here.
*His reaction is enough circumstantial evidence.*
*There's no doubt that this is the criminal we're looking for.*
Onlooker A: What's going on? A fight?
Onlooker B: Someone get a staff member!
Man: Ah?!
Satoru: Why don't we get off and talk?
Man: I told you, I'm innocent!
Satoru: Come with me if you don't want to get in even more trouble than you already are.
Satoru: That's the information I got on the criminal.
Satoru: I confirmed his license, so the name he gave me was his real one.
Ryuunosuke: "Great. Leave the rest to us. We'll pull some strings with the police to get them."
Satoru: Thanks.
*To be honest, I wanted to punish him right there with my own two hands, but I'm supposed to be a normal student.*
*And while I had enough circumstantial evidence, there was nothing concrete.*
*So, with that in mind, I decided to just get his identity and leave the rest to Dad.*
Ryuunosuke: "I'm surprised you managed to get a criminal to give out personal information like that, though."
Satoru: Well, uh... I just used a few intimidation tactics.
Satoru: I didn't say anything about the organization, though, so don't worry.
Ryuunosuke: "That's fine, but don't get up to too much trouble. You're supposed to keep a low profile."
Satoru: I know.
Satoru: One more thing: can we tell the victims that the criminal has been arrested?
Satoru: I'd like to give her some peace of mind.
Ryuunosuke: "Go ahead."
Ryuunosuke: "We'll put some pressure on the police, but we won't have anything to do with his arrest."
Satoru: Thanks.
Ryuunosuke: "Good job catching him."
Ryuunosuke: "Do you have anything else to report?"
Satoru: Nothing of note.
Ryuunosuke: "Alright. I have nothing else to report to you."
Ryuunosuke: "I'll get back in touch when the police make their move."
Satoru: Understood.
Ryuunosuke: "Talk to you later."
Satoru: ......
*Right as the call ends, I hear a knock on my door.*
Nanami: Are you in there, Satoru-kun?
Satoru: Yeah, I'm coming.
*I open the door and let Nanami inside.*
*And Mibu-san follows in behind her.*
Satoru: Hm?
*She looks pretty dispirited. I'm not just imagining that, am I?*
Satoru: Do you need something?
Nanami: I was worried, so I came to heal your injury.
Satoru: Oh, I'm fine. It's not even bleeding anymore.
Nanami: No matter how minor it is, the faster it heals the better. Come on, sit down.
Satoru: Ah, err...
*She pulls on my arm and forces me to sit down on the bed.*
*Then she stands in front of me and holds her palm over my forehead.*
Nanami: Wind of healing, bestow upon him your blessing and rid him of his pain. Heal!
*A comfortable warmth spreads through my body.*
*And the light pain on my forehead disappears in no time.*
Nanami: Alright. It shouldn't leave a scar now. Does it still hurt?
Satoru: No, I'm good. Thanks.
Satoru: So...
Chisaki: ......
Satoru: What's up with her? She's just been frowning over in the corner.
*Mibu-san just stood there silently while Nanami healed me.*
*I can't imagine someone like her staying quiet for so long.*
Satoru: Did she eat something she shouldn't have, or what?
Satoru: I got some stomach medicine. Think I should offer some?
Nanami: I don't think she needs that. It's not a stomachache that's got her like that.
Satoru: Then what's wrong?
Nanami: I think she's just still upset over what happened.
Nanami: She's probably blaming herself for you getting hurt.
Satoru: Oh...
*Due to her rashness, the criminal panicked and used his abilities, and I got hurt while trying to protect her.*
*Well, I guess I can't blame her for feeling responsible after seeing me bleed.*
Chisaki: I'm sorry, Senpai.
Satoru: It's fine. How are you? Did you get hurt at all?
Chisaki: No, I'm perfectly fine. You... took the hit for me.
Satoru: Well, I'm just glad I was the one who got hurt and not you.
Chisaki: But this happened because I tried to pick a fight with the guy...
Satoru: Yeah. You probably shouldn't try to play hero again, for your own safety.
Chisaki: Yeah... I'm sorry.
Satoru: I'm not upset at you for getting me hurt or anything. I'm just worried for you.
Satoru: I could visibly see the anger in your eyes when you rushed in front of him.
Satoru: Your action prevented that woman from being victimized further, so I don't fault you for doing what you did. 
Satoru: But don't you think you could've done something more sensible than running at a criminal and confronting him head on?
*To control an ability of his type, you need to focus on a specific location.*
*Having a good grasp on the space around you is important for that, and most people rely on visual feedback to contextualize their surroundings.*
*So if we could've interrupted his vision, we would have stopped the molesting.*
Satoru: You were trying to stand up to a grown man, and an Astral at that.
Satoru: Nothing happened this time, thankfully, but people do desperate things when you back them into a corner.
Satoru: The whole reason I came along was to prevent anything like that from occurring. But when you approached him like you did, you put that all to waste.
Chisaki: I know.
Satoru: Have you reflected on what you did?
Chisaki: Yes. I'm really sorry.
Satoru: ......
*She does seem pretty regretful and remorseful.*
*Whatever the case, I'm glad she learned a valuable lesson today.*
Satoru: (But it kinda feels like I'm berating her.)
*Seeing her so dispirited makes me feel like I've done something wrong.*
*I don't really feel like chastising her any further.*
Satoru: Next time--well, there probably won't be a next time.
Satoru: But still, try not to throw yourself in harm's way again.
Chisaki: I won't.
Satoru: Thanks. As long as you've learned, no harm's done.
Satoru: I didn't get wounded that badly, and Nanami healed me already.
Chisaki: But...
Satoru: Don't worry about the criminal. The police got his name, and it won't be long before they catch him.
Satoru: Tell Sakanoue-san that she's safe now.
Chisaki: Alright.
Satoru: Come on, smile now.
Satoru: You're gonna worry Sakanoue-san if you go around frowning like that.
Satoru: You need to smile if you want to reassure her that everything's alright.
Chisaki: You're right. She'll think I'm lying if I don't cheer up.
Chisaki: Nhh, haah... Okay!
*She takes a deep breath and psyches herself up.*
*Then, she bows in front of me.*
Chisaki: I'm really sorry about what happened today!
*When she raises her head, she's back to being all smiles.*
Chisaki: Okay then. I'm gonna go give Sakanoue-san the good news!
Satoru: Sure thing.
Chisaki: Have a good night!
*With that, she leaves the room.*
*Once she's out, Nanami turns to me.*
Nanami: You said the police were on the case?
Satoru: Yeah, I already reported everything to Dad.
Satoru: He said they'd get the police to act.
Nanami: Oh. That's great news.
Satoru: It might still be a good idea to accompany her when she goes to the hospital for a while, though.
Nanami: Yeah, we'll take care of her, so don't worry.
Satoru: Sounds good.
Nanami: I better get going now then.
Satoru: Sure. See you.
*Once Nanami leaves and I'm alone, I can finally kick back and relax.*
Satoru: Phew. I'm just glad this whole thing is over with.
Satoru: Now that I gave the report, it's all out of my hands. I'll be able to sleep well tonight.
Satoru: Guess I'll go ahead and take my bath.
*Thinking about it again, I'm really glad nothing happened to Mibu-san.*
Chisaki: *sigh*... I screwed up big time.
*Sure, we were able to identify the molester.*
*But my mistake got Senpai hurt.*
Chisaki: He had blood on his head and everything...
*Part of it was Sakanoue-san's lingering fear.*
*Part of it was the expression of pure anger on that woman's face.*
*And part of it was because that despicable man didn't hesitate to do something that would tarnish the image of all Astrals.*
*I was just so furious and upset that I acted on impulse.*
Chisaki: But I didn't mean for Senpai to get hurt because of that.
*If he bled, it must have been painful.*
*He had to protect me because I made a stupid decision.*
Chisaki: I need to be better than this.
Chisaki: ......
Chisaki: Nhh...
*I'm supposed to feel guilty, but what is this?*
Chisaki: When I remember what happened, my heart beats so fast, and I feel so hot.
*When that man attacked me, I was paralyzed with fear.*
*The way he glowered at me, the way he tried to hurt me--I was frightened out of my mind.*
*But not a second later, he came in and saved me.*
*He hugged and shielded me.*
Chisaki: Nghhh! My face and ears feel so hot!
*The more I think about it, the more vivid the memory becomes.*
Chisaki: Senpai doesn't look it much, but he's really a man.
Chisaki: And he was so strong when he shielded us from the people the first time we rode the train together.
Chisaki: Ah, wh-what am I doing? I shouldn't be gushing over him! I did something awful!
*I was the one who got him hurt.*
*Just because it all turned out okay doesn't mean I can forget what happened entirely.*
Chisaki: And he was the one who did everything. I just stood there, useless.
*I couldn't catch the criminal or treat Senpai's injuries.*
Chisaki: I rushed in there and almost ruined everything. I'm so useless.
Chisaki: I really should apologize to him again when I see him next.
Chisaki: Hmm...
*But what can a normal human like me even do for him?*
================================================================================
Satoru: Nhh...
*I sit up and stretch my limbs.*
Satoru: Nghhh! Nhh...
*I'm feeling pretty good.*
*No pain in my forehead.*
*I can't even tell where the wound was anymore.*
Satoru: Nanami's ability is really good.
*I don't even feel dizzy after hitting my head that hard.*
Satoru: I think I'm feeling good enough to jog.
*I was right--I am in good form.*
*No headache, no nausea, nothing.*
Satoru: Phew. That's good enough.
*After running a good amount, I head back to the dorm.*
Chisaki: Ah, Senpai!
*When I walk in, Mibu-san runs up to me.*
Chisaki: Good morning.
Satoru: Morning.
Chisaki: What're you wearing? Did you go out somewhere?
Satoru: Yeah, I was running.
Satoru: I usually do that every morning if I can.
Chisaki: Oh, okay. Phew. That's such a relief.
Satoru: Why's that?
Chisaki: Well, you got your head hurt yesterday because of me.
Chisaki: I know Nanami healed you and all that, but I was still worried so I went to check on you earlier.
Chisaki: But I knocked on the door and got no response.
Satoru: Oh, that? Don't worry. I'm completely fine.
Satoru: I appreciate the concern, though.
Chisaki: Well, it's my fault you got hurt to begin with.
Satoru: We already went over this yesterday.
Satoru: You don't have to feel responsible. Just make sure you've learned your lesson and move on, okay?
Chisaki: I-I know that!
Chisaki: I'm really sorry, and I regret doing what I did. I fully realize that I have to change...
Satoru: O-Oh, okay.
Chisaki: This all happened because I acted without thinking.
Chisaki: So could you please let me apologize properly so I can move on?
Satoru: What do you mean?
Chisaki: It's kinda like when you have something stuck in your throat and wanna get it out? You know, like a chip on my shoulder.
Nanami: That sounds bad.
Chisaki: It really is!
Chisaki: So I want you to let me make it up to you, Senpai. Please?
Satoru: Uh, okay? Do you have something particular in mind you wanna do?
Chisaki: I want to be of assistance to you!
Chisaki: If there's anything I can help you with, please tell me!
Satoru: Anything?
Satoru: I think you need to know something, Mibu-san.
Chisaki: Yes?
Satoru: Men are ravenous creatures.
Chisaki: Okay?
Satoru: Even if they seem harmless at first glance, you don't know what might be in their heads.
Satoru: Nine times out of ten it's something sexual. That's just how men are.
Chisaki: Huh... So that's how all men work?
Satoru: Essentially.
Nanami: So you're one of these "ravenous creatures" yourself.
Chisaki: And you're implying that your mind's in the gutter ninety percent of the time?
Satoru: Huh? Well, I guess that's what I said...
*Dammit, why did I say that?*
Chisaki: Oh. Well, that makes sense. You're a guy too.
Chisaki: If you hadn't been able to channel your inner pervert, we never would've caught that criminal, eh?
Satoru: Stop that, please. I really don't want that being brought up again...
Satoru: The molester stuff aside, men are just like that.
Satoru: It's in their blood, you even might say.
Satoru: So don't go throwing that word "anything" around them.
Satoru: I mean, would you want me to ask for some sort of sexual favor?
Chisaki: Well, probably not. Even if I do owe you a favor, some things are a bit too much...
Satoru: See what I mean?
Chisaki: I trust you, though. I know you wouldn't suggest anything like that.
Chisaki: And even if you did ask me for a sexual favor... I wouldn't mind, really.
Satoru: Mibu-san...
Chisaki: I'd just go to Nanami-chan and tell her that you sexually harassed me!
Nanami: ......
*Nanami would scorn me for the rest of my life if something like that happened.*
*As her brother, that would break my heart.*
Satoru: Wait--do you seriously think I'm a siscon or something?!
Chisaki: *giggle*! I'm just messing with ya!
Chisaki: But I know you well enough to know that you'd never try to take advantage of someone.
Chisaki: You weren't... ACTUALLY thinking of asking me to make it up to you with some sort dirty sexual favor, were you?
Nanami: Tell the truth, Satoru-kun.
Satoru: Of course not. I'd never.
Chisaki: See?
*She looks at me, beaming brightly.*
*That smile is really cheap. Now I can't even try to do something weird to tease her.*
*Not that I had any intention of doing that in the first place.*
Chisaki: So, is there anything I can help you with?
Satoru: Err, I don't know...
*Man, she looks really serious about this. Guess I gotta give a serious answer.*
*Nothing sexual, though. Obviously.*
Satoru: I guess could I ask you to keep being friends with Nanam--
Chisaki: No. I'm not her friend just to please you.
Chisaki: Don't try to just shrug me off. Think of something serious.
Satoru: Yeah, sorry.
*Why is she mad at me?*
Nanami: Whoa, he's actually not arguing back for once? What a rare sight.
Satoru: Very funny.
*This is still pretty difficult. What can I even ask from her?*
*Hmmm... Oh, I know.*
Satoru: Could you help me shop for clothes?
Chisaki: Clothes for you?
Satoru: Yeah. Winter's gonna be here before we know it.
Satoru: I want some heavier clothing, so I was wondering if you'd want to come along and help me choose.
Chisaki: Sure, I don't mind that... but are you sure you don't want anything else?
Satoru: Yeah. See, I've never really paid much attention to what I wear, so I know next to nothing about fashion.
Nanami: You'd wear literally anything if I gave it to you.
Satoru: So yeah, I want you to teach me what's fashionable.
Satoru: I mean, it's kinda awkward to bother the store clerks about something like that.
Chisaki: How do you usually pick clothes?
Satoru: I'm not really picky about what I wear, so I just decide on a budget and select stuff that looks simple and non-flashy.
Nanami: He really doesn't care one bit what he wears, I tell you.
Chisaki: Does he never ask you for help, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: Whenever I chose clothes for him, all he does is whine and complain.
Satoru: The stuff she picks for me always has all sorts of unnecessary crap on it, like zippers and chains and whatnot.
Satoru: And they always have skulls and crosses on them.
Satoru: They're just not the kinda stuff I want to wear.
Nanami: I really think you'd look cool in them, though...
Satoru: And that's why I'm asking Mibu-san instead of you.
Chisaki: Alright. You can leave it to me.
*Phew. I'm glad this worked out.*
*I didn't want to have to try and think of something else again.*
Chisaki: When do you wanna go?
Satoru: Hmm, I didn't really think that far ahead...
Satoru: How about this weekend? Or do you already have plans?
Chisaki: Nope, my schedule's free.
Chisaki: Let's go to the shopping mall this Saturday then!
*She goes back to her usual bubbly self.*
*A cute girl like her does look best with a smile on her face.*
*So that's that. This weekend, I'll be going shopping with Mibu-san.*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Oh?
*Wait a minute. Does this...*
Satoru: Does this count as a date?
*I'd be going on a date with Mibu-san.*
*The thought gets me kind of excited.*
Satoru: Nah, I'm getting ahead of myself here.
*I've never had many female friends, so I made it out to be what I wanted it to.*
*She probably doesn't think of this as a date.*
*I need to calm down. I'll probably end up embarrassing myself if I don't.*
Satoru: Just relax and act natural, Satoru.
*Even telling myself that... it's still quite hard to do.*
Satoru: It'd be kind of nice to actually go on a date with her.
*No matter how much I want to stop thinking about it, that strong desire overcomes me.*
Chisaki: Hmm...
*I'm going to be helping him pick out clothes.*
*That's fine and all, but...*
Chisaki: I'm not too well-versed when it comes to mens' fashion...
Chisaki: What would he look good in? Hmm... I guess the most important part would definitely have to be color combinations?
Chisaki: Considering his build, he'd probably look good in most stuff. He's broad-shouldered, and has a pretty broad chest too. I could feel it when he hugged me that one time...
Chisaki: ......
Chisaki: Nghhh?!
Chisaki: Urk... There I go remembering it again.
*I just can't stop thinking about the time he protected me.*
*I told myself I'd get over it in a day, but every time I recall it, my body starts heating up...*
*This is a real problem.*
*I won't be able to focus on helping him pick his clothes.*
Sakanoue: Are you okay?
Chisaki: Oh, hi there, Sakanoue-san.
Sakanoue: You've been groaning for a while now. Is something on your mind?
Chisaki: Oh, no! I'm fine! Everything's okay in my world.
Sakanoue: If you say so...
Sakanoue: But feel free to tell me if anything's wrong. I want to do what I can to thank you for your help yesterday.
Chisaki: Thanks, but it's probably not something you'd be able to help me with.
Sakanoue: Okay.
Chisaki: Ah, sorry! I didn't mean for that to sound rude. It's just something I gotta work out on my own.
Chisaki: See, I'm going shopping this weekend to buy clothes for a guy.
Chisaki: But I don't know a lot about mens' clothing, so I'm struggling a bit. I'll be fine if I just do a bit of research, though.
Sakanoue: For a guy? Oh, are you buying it for your boyfriend?
Chisaki: Huh? My boyfriend?
Sakanoue: I see what you mean now.
Sakanoue: If you're picking it out for someone special, you should do it yourself.
Chisaki: No, no! It's not for my boyfriend.
Chisaki: He just doesn't know anything about fashion and wants me to come along and help him.
Sakanoue: Oh, so it's a date?
Chisaki: Um, not really.
Sakanoue: But don't they usually call it a date when a boy and a girl go out somewhere together?
Chisaki: W-Well, yeah... but we're just friends, nothing more.
Sakanoue: I guess it depends on whether or not the boy and girl think it's a date or not.
Sakanoue: If you don't see it that way, then it's probably not a date. Sorry for bugging you about it.
Chisaki: No, don't worry about it. It's nothing I'm too concerned about.
Sakanoue: Alright. Still, feel free to tell me if there's anything on your mind.
Chisaki: Thanks.
*Sakanoue-san tends to blow things out of proportion.*
*It's not a date just because we're going shopping together.*
*Yeah, it's just a little shopping trip. Nothing more.*
Chisaki: Maybe it is a date?
*I'm going shopping with him.*
*Me and a boy, just the two of us... I guess it's not hard to see why someone would think that's a date.*
Chisaki: Is it really?
Chisaki: This would be my first date with a boy, and it'd be with him...
*Just thinking about shopping together makes my body heat up. It's almost hard to breathe when my heart's pounding so much.*
Chisaki: This is, like, really weird. I've never felt this way before.
Chisaki: What's come over me?
*I don't mind going out to shop with him.*
*I'm actually happy. It might seem silly, but I'm just super glad that he's coming to me for help with something.*
*My heart won't stop pounding... Is it because I want the weekend to come as soon as possible so I can go out with him?*
Chisaki: Wait. Is this what I...
*I'm feeling... excited.*
*I'm excited at the fact that I get to go on a date with him. Does that mean what I think it means?*
Chisaki: No, no. I'm jumping the gun here.
Chisaki: Besides, I don't even know if he...
*I don't hate him, of course.*
*He's kind, reliable, and he saved me.*
*It's only natural that I'd like him.*
*But is that just as a friend? Is it because I feel bad and want to thank him? Do I just respect him? Or maybe... is it something else?*
Chisaki: Am I in love with him?
Chisaki: ......
Chisaki: What am I?! Some damsel in distress that falls for her hero?!
*Well, it certainly wouldn't be impossible...*
Chisaki: Urk... Argh! Just put the thought aside for now.
*This weekend will be the perfect opportunity.*
*I'll be able to confirm my feelings for him over the course of our shopping trip.*
Chisaki: Okay, that's a good plan of action.
Chisaki: I'll go on this date with him on the weekend and see if I like him as more than a friend.
Chisaki: But... wait. If I do like him like that, then what?
Chisaki: ......
Chisaki: Agh, don't wrack your brains over it now, Chisaki! Cross that bridge when it comes!
================================================================================
Satoru: So, uh... I got a girlfriend.
Ryuunosuke: "Seriously?"
Satoru: Yeah. I wouldn't use the secret line to joke around.
Ryuunosuke: "Right. Not saying you're lying, but it's just so sudden I can hardly believe it."
Satoru: Is it seriously that unfathomable?
Ryuunosuke: "Well, I've been your guardian for a long time now."
Ryuunosuke: "And I've never seen you show any indication that you're interested in women."
Satoru: Of course I am.
Satoru: I mean, I know I haven't been interested much in romance... and this time, it just kinda happened by chance.
Ryuunosuke: "So this girl fell in your lap, eh? Must be a nice one."
Satoru: Yeah, she's wonderful.
Satoru: If you ask Nanami, she'll probably say she's too good for me.
Ryuunosuke: "Well, well. I can't wait to meet her. Though, on a more serious note..."
Ryuunosuke: "I trust what you say, and I'm not trying to cast doubt on this girl, but I gotta do what my position dictates."
Ryuunosuke: "Sorry if you don't like it, but I'll have to look into this girl."
Satoru: I know.
*Agents aren't prohibited from getting married.*
*But there's procedures to comply with. The other party will be investigated to avoid an agent falling into a honey trap.*
*But I'm sure I have nothing to worry about with Mibu-san.*
Satoru: Also, I was wondering if we could tell her about our secret.
Ryuunosuke: "Hell no."
Satoru: I figured not.
Ryuunosuke: "Isn't she a non-Astral?"
Satoru: Yeah.
Ryuunosuke: "We keep our existence a secret not only to protect ourselves, but also the people around us."
Ryuunosuke: "In this line of work, we make no shortage of enemies."
Ryuunosuke: "If the wrong person learns of your identity, those around you could be in danger."
Satoru: I know that. I'm not planning on going around telling everyone.
Satoru: But if it's that dangerous to be close to us, isn't that more reason for them to know?
Ryuunosuke: "Well, I understand where you're coming from."
Ryuunosuke: "But you've been working with us for a long while now. I thought you were ready to keep your secrets."
Satoru: I am, of course.
Satoru: I know I should be.
Satoru: But now that I actually have someone I love, it's eating at me...
Ryuunosuke: "How so?"
Satoru: She's bright and honest. She puts a smile on everyone's face. And she's really perceptive too.
Ryuunosuke: "Yeah, guess she had to be pretty proactive to get through to you."
Satoru: So knowing how she is, I feel like the stress would only pile on more and more, but she'd just try and bottle it up.
Satoru: If I went on a mission without telling her, or came back hurt, she probably wouldn't ask me any questions.
Satoru: She'd just let the anxiety grow and eat at her, and I wouldn't be able to do anything to alleviate it... It worries me.
Ryuunosuke: "You're thinking that far ahead?"
Ryuunosuke: "Son, you've been dating this girl for how long? You'll creep her out if you're that damn overbearing."
Satoru: I'm being serious, though.
Ryuunosuke: "Err, yeah, sorry. I just didn't pin you for the kind of person who'd take a relationship so seriously."
Satoru: I know what my job is.
Satoru: But I still want her. I don't want to lose her or hurt her.
Satoru: I'm really serious about her... I guess you could say. I don't want to screw up the relationship by not taking these things seriously.
Ryuunosuke: "Well, alright."
Satoru: Huh?!
Ryuunosuke: "It goes without saying that you can't disclose any specific information about missions, but nothing about the organization either."
Ryuunosuke: "I understand that you're both young, and you'll want to talk about your future together."
Ryuunosuke: "Say whatever you need to as long as its within reason."
Ryuunosuke: "Whatever the case, I can't impede your free speech, and I don't want to mess with your life that much."
Satoru: Thank you!
Ryuunosuke: "Remember: nothing specific."
Satoru: I know.
Ryuunosuke: "You better, you hear me? Alright then. I won't harp on you anymore about it."
Ryuunosuke: "If you're worrying about all that stuff now, you'll eventually hit some walls. Well, tell me how it goes."
Satoru: Alright.
*I'll have to think about how to say it, but at least I got his permission.*
*Now all I have to do is think of an explanation that'll suffice.*
Satoru: Hmm...
Kyouhei: What's up with you, Satoru? Why the long face?
Satoru: I'm just thinking about something.
Kyouhei: Like what?
Kyouhei: I can lend you an ear, if you want.
Satoru: Hm? Oh, thanks, but I'm good.
Kyouhei: Are you sure?
Satoru: Yeah. It's something I gotta sort out on my own.
Kyouhei: Alright then.
Kyouhei: But if you ever need help, I'm always available. I'll try to do what I can.
Satoru: Thanks. I know I can count on you.
*I wish I could go to someone for advice, but I can't tell Kyouhei this. This is my problem.*
*No--let me rephrase that.*
*This is our problem. Mine and Mibu-san's.*
Chisaki: Good morning, Senpai!
Satoru: Good morning.
Chisaki: ......
Satoru: ......
Chisaki: *giggle*!
Chisaki: Man, this is bad! I just can't stop smiling when I look at your face.
Satoru: Same here. I'm almost jumping for joy now that I get to see that adorable smile of yours first thing in the morning.
Chisaki: That feels like a bit of an overstatement there. I can tell you're just trying to flatter me.
Chisaki: But it still makes me happy, so thanks!
Satoru: I was being 100\% serious, I promise.
Kyouhei: ......
Kyouhei: Wow... I don't even know what to comment with. Are you two, uhhh... a thing or something?
Satoru: So yeah, we're now going out.
Kyouhei: Ohh, that's great! Congrats, you two!
Chisaki: Thank you very much, Suou-senpai!
Kyouhei: That explains all the flirting in the lobby.
Kyouhei: Maybe I just didn't notice before? Have they been like this all the time?
Nanami: Pretty much. I feel embarrassed just being around them at times.
Kyouhei: Yeah... I can see why.
Chisaki: *sigh* If only we were in the same class. I don't wanna have to say goodbye now.
Satoru: Well, we can't just skip classes. Bear with it for now.
Chisaki: I want to spend more time with you, though... Are you sure we can't just skip?
Satoru: As much as I'd love to, that's not a very good idea.
Chisaki: You're a little goody two shoes, aren't you? But I just wuv that about you!
Satoru: You're pretty clingy, aren't you?
Chisaki: Yep! I just love you so much!
Satoru: Well, I don't mind you being clingy. I just love doting on you.
Chisaki: *giggle*! Thank ya!
Nanami,Kyouhei: Aye yai yai.
Kyouhei: Yeah, I don't think I wanna deal with this.
Nanami: Me neither. I mean, I'm glad they're happy, but I don't know if I can stand watching this all day.
Kyouhei: Just being around them irks me.
Kyouhei: I think I'm gonna go on to class.
Nanami: Ah, wait! I'll come with you.
Chisaki: Looks like we scared them off.
Satoru: Yeah.
Chisaki: Maybe I'm being too sappy...
Chisaki: Do you think I need to tone down my clinginess?
Satoru: No, I don't mind it.
Satoru: I just always kinda pegged you as the more mature type, so it's surprising to see you acting all spoiled like a little kid.
Chisaki: Well, we're in different grade levels, so we won't be able to see each other for basically the whole school day. That's all it is.
Chisaki: Plus there are tons of attractive girls in your class, so I just get a teensy bit worried.
Satoru: I'd never cheat on you. You have my word on that.
Chisaki: I know. I'm not saying you would. It's just that, well...
Chisaki: If those girls get to spend more time with you than me, I want our time together to be as fulfilling as possible...
Satoru: So that's why you're being so clingy?
Chisaki: Yeah. Sorry...
Satoru: No need to apologize. I know exactly how you feel.
Satoru: I want to be lovey-dovey with my girlfriend too.
Chisaki: Perfect! Feel free to give me all your love, okay?
Satoru: ......
*We spend this valuable time being as affectionate with each other as possible.*
*If I want things to stay this way, I better tell her about the thing I discussed with Dad sooner rather than later.*
Satoru: Mibu-san.
Chisaki: What is it?
Satoru: Can we hang out in my room after school today?
Chisaki: Of course we can!
Chisaki: I wanna spend as much time with you as possible. If anything, I should be the one asking if I can come to your room!
Chisaki: I can't wait for school to end now! *giggle* Should I bring some snacks with me?
Satoru: Nah, I don't need any snacks.
Chisaki: Are you sure? Hmm...
Chisaki: You look kinda serious. Are you nervous?
Satoru: A bit. I gotta talk to you about something really important.
Chisaki: Oh, okay?
Satoru: Yeah. It's something that concerns our future.
Chisaki: Our... future?
Satoru: Um, I know you're probably curious, but just be patient until then.
Satoru: It's something we can't talk about in public. Plus I need to prepare myself for it.
Satoru: So wait till then, okay?
Chisaki: Okay. I am a little curious, but I can wait.
Chisaki: Hmmm... I wonder what he wants to talk about?
*I hope he's not gonna ask to break up.*
*No, come on, Chisaki. There's no way that's what it'd be. He said it concerned our future.*
Chisaki: (All the hints we gave me were that it was something important that concerned our future, that he couldn't talk about in public, and that he needed to prepare himself for.)
Chisaki: (Ah! Oh god... is this what I think is?)
Chisaki: (Is he going to ask if we can have sex, by chance?!)
*That would definitely explain why he was so nervous.*
*He usually acts all cool, calm, and collected... but I guess I can't forget he is a guy. And guys love sex.*
Chisaki: (Yeah. He wouldn't have stuck his tongue into my mouth as a way of confessing if he didn't have a dirty mind.)
*S-Seriously, though, this is his way of asking his girlfriend about sex?*
*Why'd he have to beat around the bush so much? Just come out and say it.*
Chisaki: (Girls have to get ready, make sure they look pretty, and a whole bunch else, Senpai.)
Chisaki: (But we're really gonna do it, though... Later today, I'm gonna lose my virginity to him.)
*Just imagining it makes my face burn up.*
*But... I'm not averse to the idea. I'm a little nervous, but in a good way.*
Chisaki: (I love him so much...)
Chisaki: (I'm a bit afraid, but I also can't wait... I can't wait? Hold up... I'm excited to have sex?)
Chisaki: Ahhhh!
Sakanoue: Is everything okay? Your face is really red.
Chisaki: I don't think I'm okay at all...
Sakanoue: Do you have a cold?! Or... something worse?!
Chisaki: I think I might have a REALLY dirty mind!
Sakanoue: Excuse me?
*After school, I go to get Mibu-san.*
Chisaki: E-Excuse me.
Satoru: Make yourself at home wherever.
Satoru: I'll make some tea for us in the meanwhile.
Chisaki: Oh, sure. Thank you.
Chisaki: *pant*... *pant*... *pant*... *pant*...
Satoru: ......
*Why is she so out of breath?*
*She doesn't look sick, at least...*
Satoru: Here you go.
Chisaki: Thank you.
*After that, she starts gulping down the tea.*
*She finishes it in less than a second.*
Chisaki: Ah! *pant*... *pant*...
Satoru: Want some more? I can pour you another cup if you're thirsty.
Chisaki: N-No, I'm fine. I don't wanna drink TOO much... I'd hate to ruin the mood by having to go to the bathroom in the middle of it.
Satoru: Okay.
*I guess she has a point.*
*It'd be hard to keep talking after an interruption like that.*
Chisaki: So anyways! About this very important thing that concerns out future...
Satoru: Yeah, we better get to it right away.
Chisaki: Right! Go... go right ahead! I'm fully prepared and everything, so don't mind me.
Satoru: Alright.
*I take a deep breath.*
*After I'm finally calm, I start talking.*
Satoru: I have a certain... job I'm doing.
Chisaki: Excuse me?
Satoru: I guess you could call it something like a part-time job? But unfortunately I can't give you any details about it.
Chisaki: *sigh*... So that's what this was about.
Satoru: Going forward, there will probably be times where I need to prioritize my work.
Satoru: I might not be able to contact you for hours, and I might get hurt.
Satoru: But please, just trust me and don't ask too many questions.
Chisaki: ......
Satoru: You're really important to me.
Satoru: It might be a little premature to talk about this... but I think I might want to spend my life with you.
Satoru: That's why I felt I had a responsibility to tell you about my work as soon as possible.
Satoru: Honestly, I probably should've told you before I said yes to your confession.
Satoru: But I was just too overjoyed and it slipped my mind. So I apologize for that.
Chisaki: So, um, let me get this right... The important thing you wanted to talk about was this job of yours?
Chisaki: I thought for sure you wanted to have sex.
Satoru: Se--?! Wh-WHAT?!
Chisaki: Ahh, wait! You didn't hear that! No, no, no! A-Ahahaha!
*I don't think I can ignore what she just said...*
*But I need to get back on topic. This is something I need to tell her.*
Satoru: A-Anyways, I know I'm repeating myself, but you're very important to me.
Satoru: I don't want you to come to regret going out with me, Mibu-san. Above all else, I want to see you smiling.
Chisaki: ......
Chisaki: (Oh GOD! What did I just do?! This is so embarrassing!)
Chisaki: (He asked me here to have an actual serious talk, and I just thought he wanted to get it on...)
Chisaki: (I'm way too much of a pervert... Urk, I just wanna crawl into a hole and die!)
Satoru: I know it's kind of unfair of me to ask you to trust me when I can't give you any detailed information.
Satoru: And I know I really should have told you sooner.
Satoru: But if you'll still have me, I want to be keep being your boyfriend.
Chisaki: Um...
Chisaki: So what you're saying is, if I want to be together with you, I shouldn't ask any questions?
Satoru: Basically, yeah. That's only when it comes to my job, though. I'm free to tell you anything else you're curious about.
Satoru: So anyways, that's what I wanted to tell you.
Chisaki: That's fine by me.
Satoru: A-Are you sure? You... don't need time to think or anything?
Satoru: I mean, I guess this is what I wanted, but still...
Chisaki: Well, I won't lie. I am a bit curious.
Chisaki: Like, I can't help but wonder if you're getting into some sort of trouble... or if it's just a convenient excuse for you to go out and fool around with other girls.
Satoru: I don't blame you for having those doubts.
Chisaki: Still, I wouldn't have fallen for a guy if I didn't know what kind of person he is. I'm not that much of an airhead.
Chisaki: I met you through Nanami-chan, got to know you, and realized that I like you a whole lot.
Chisaki: If you're telling me you can't talk about it, then I'll just have to trust you.
Satoru: Mibu-san...
Chisaki: Well, that might just be me speaking now...
Chisaki: For all I know, it might hurt more the longer the secret goes on.
Satoru: Yeah. I understand that.
Chisaki: So, in exchange, I want you to let me help you.
Satoru: Err, meaning what exactly?
Chisaki: I know I can't actually help you with your job, so I won't suggest that.
Chisaki: But when you come back tired from a long day, I want to comfort you.
Chisaki: If you get hurt, I want to treat your wounds. I might not have healing abilities, but I still don't want to give that away to Nanami-chan.
Satoru: Mibu-san...
Chisaki: I won't ask about what your job is, but instead, I want all of your life outside of that.
Satoru: ......
Chisaki: So would you mind calling me Chisaki from now on?
Satoru: Ch-Chisaki.
Chisaki: Hngh! Thank you, Senpai!
Satoru: Wait, but you're, uhh... just gonna keep calling me Senpai?
Chisaki: Oh, I just figured you'd rather me call you that.
Satoru: You think I'm some kind of degenerate pervert, don't you?
Chisaki: Oh, no I don't! *giggle*
Chisaki: Ah, right. I think it goes without saying, but my life is now yours as well.
Satoru: Thanks.
Satoru: I love you, Chisaki!
*Overcome with emotion, I embrace her small body.*
*How wonderful can a girl be? I honestly feel like I'm about to break down in tears.*
*I've never met such a caring and empathetic person. She just understands how I feel no matter what the situation.*
*But deep down, I know this isn't something anyone would normally accept.*
*She's not totally on board with what I'm asking; even I know that much.*
*Yet she still says yes because she cares about me.*
*I need to let her know how much I appreciate that.*
*I don't want to sadden or hurt her.*
Chisaki: I don't mind hugging, Senpai, but you're hurting me.
Satoru: O-Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to.
Chisaki: So I guess that means we've got everything worked out?
Satoru: Yeah, as long as you're satisfied.
Chisaki: Of course I am! *giggle*
*She laughs as she rests her head against my chest.*
*I naturally start stroking her hair.*
*Holding her firmly in my embrace, I whisper into her cute ear.*
Satoru: By the way, what was that you mentioned earlier about sex?
Chisaki: Ah?! Umm, that's not what I said; I told you that! And why are you bringing that up now?!
Satoru: Well, we finished our serious talk.
Satoru: And it's been on the back of my mind ever since you said it. Honestly, you can't just say those words to a man and then expect him to forget.
Chisaki: Ngh... Urk...
Satoru: So I guess that means I didn't mishear you when you mentioned sex?
Chisaki: Nh...
*She bashfully nods.*
*I knew it.*
Chisaki: L-Look, I can explain! It's all your fault! You're the one who led me on with that vague phrasing!
Satoru: Uhh... I don't recall ever saying anything that implied sex.
Chisaki: Yeah, you did! You said it was something important, something we couldn't talk about outside, and something you had to prepare yourself for.
Satoru: True... I guess I can see where you're coming from.
Chisaki: Right. So, um... since you're a guy and all, I thought for sure you were gonna ask if we could have sex...
Satoru: I mean, I'm not going out with you purely for lustful reasons.
Satoru: But that isn't to say I don't want to have sex with you; I do.
Chisaki: R-Right. That's the normal thing.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: I guess this is something that kinda concerns our future, in a sense.
Satoru: Just to ask... Are you scared?
Chisaki: Well, no duh. I've never had sex before.
Satoru: Right...
Chisaki: But it's at least... been on my mind. Otherwise I never would've gotten into thinking you wanted me to come here so we could talk about it...
Satoru: O-Oh.
*She came to my room fully expecting me to ask her that.*
*Wait. So that must mean...*
Satoru: Ch-Chisaki.
Chisaki: Y-Yes?!
Satoru: We promised to give each other our everything, right?
Satoru: So, um, do you mind if we go ahead and take that next step today?
Chisaki: T-Today as in... right now?
Satoru: Chisaki...
Chisaki: Ah, Senpai...
Satoru: You can say no if you want. I can wait however long you need.
Chisaki: That's almost exactly the same thing I told you after that kiss when I confessed to you.
*I slowly bring my face closer to hers.*
*But she doesn't move away.*
*Smiling, she closes her eyes, and sticks out her lips.*
Chisaki: Nhh... *kiss* Mhh...
Satoru: Nhh... Nhh, *lick*...
Chisaki: Nghh! *lick* *slurp* Mghh...
*Even when I stick my tongue into her mouth, she doesn't resist.*
*She's not surprised like last time.*
*She willingly accepts it and even entwines her tongue around mine.*
Chisaki: You don't need to be so timid. I told you already; I'll comfort you.
Chisaki: Because I love you with all my heart.
Satoru: I love you too. Nhh!
*.........*
*......*
*...*
Satoru: Looks like we managed to get through it start to finish.
Chisaki: Mhh, it was so much more than I imagined. It felt like I was losing my mind.
Chisaki: But I'm so, so happy we finally got to make love.
Satoru: Yeah, though I wish I could've been a little gentler.
Chisaki: Don't worry. You were nervous too, weren't you?
Chisaki: We were closer than ever before, and I could feel you tried your best to be gentle. *giggle*
Satoru: ......
Satoru: If I knew what I was doing, I could've made it a little easier for you to bear.
Chisaki: Oh, don't worry about that. I think I learned something new about myself. I like being on the giving side.
Satoru: Oh, really?
Chisaki: Yeah. I got to see all the faces you make, and I really liked that.
Chisaki: So, how does it feel now that you're no longer a virgin?
Satoru: It still doesn't feel real, kind of.
Satoru: I'm just happy we can spend quality time together, mostly.
Chisaki: Me too!
*And then, we share one more kiss.*
================================================================================
Chisaki: Senpai!
Chisaki: Good morning!
Satoru: Morning, Chisaki.
Chisaki: Chisaki...
Chisaki: Hearing you say my name just makes me wanna smile! *giggle*
Satoru: It's already been three days since I started calling you Chisaki.
Chisaki: I know that, but still!
Chisaki: It just makes me so happy to hear my boyfriend say my name.
Satoru: I wanna feel some of that sometime soon.
Chisaki: Oh, you silly thing! You know you like it when I call you Senpai!
Satoru: I'm not THAT much of a pervert.
Chisaki: Say, can you say my name one more time?
Satoru: Chisaki.
Chisaki: Hngh! Once more!
Satoru: Chisaki!
Chisaki: Again!
Satoru: Chisaki!
Chisaki: Encore! Encore!
Satoru: %117;Chisaki!
Satoru: You're just messing with me, aren't you?
Chisaki: Sorry, I just got a little too excited.
Chisaki: I really love hearing you call my name, though. *giggle*
Kyouhei: You two never do stop, do you?
Satoru: K-Kyouhei?!
Kyouhei: I wasn't spying or anything, just so you know. This is the common area.
Satoru: I wasn't gonna accuse you of anything.
Satoru: Sorry. We got a little too carried away.
Kyouhei: It's good that things are going well between you two, and I'm not upset or anything.
Kyouhei: Just a little annoyed, that's all. Try to think about where you are and stuff.
Satoru: I'm really sorry.
Chisaki: Sorry...
Chisaki: He got mad at us...
Satoru: Well, it's our fault.
Satoru: We should exercise a little more restraint around other people.
Chisaki: So only when we're in our rooms alone?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: I guess that'd be for the best.
Chisaki: Your face is getting reaaally red, Senpai.
Satoru: ......
Chisaki: What are you fantasizing about, you little perv!
Satoru: Sorry.
Chisaki: Don't apologize. There's nothing wrong with that.
Chisaki: I mean... I'm kinda fantasizing about it a little too, to be honest.
Satoru: O-Oh, you are?
Chisaki: Don't make me repeat myself. This is really embarrassing for me to admit, okay?
*She smiles bashfully while leaning onto my arm.*
Chisaki: Um... how about tonight?
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Ah...
Chisaki: Hm? Senpai?
Satoru: I'd really love to, but I'm sorry. I can't tonight.
Chisaki: Aww, really?
Satoru: I'm really sorry.
Chisaki: Oh, are you talking about your...
*Chisaki really is a sharp girl.*
*She was probably able to understand what I was hinting at from my tone.*
*She looked quite dejected for a second, but quickly turned serious and looked me in the eye.*
*Then, she smiles again.*
Chisaki: Alright. If you're busy, you're busy.
Chisaki: It doesn't have to be today; we'll have plenty of other opportunities. I'm not gonna try to make you feel bad about it.
Satoru: I'll make it up to you, I promise.
Chisaki: No, it's fine, really.
Chisaki: If we start getting petty over the other's schedules, we'll never see the end of it.
Chisaki: But if we can't spend time together this night, does that mean you'll be out working late? What about the curfew?
Satoru: Err, remember what I said before?
Satoru: Try not to ask too many questions.
Chisaki: Got it. Just one thing, though.
Satoru: Yeah?
Chisaki: Again, I'm not upset about us not being able to spend time together, but there is just one little thing I'd like you to do for me.
Chisaki: When you get back from work, could you message or call me?
Satoru: Err, I don't know how late that'll be, though.
Chisaki: I don't mind. I want to wait for you.
Chisaki: I want to welcome you back after a long day of work.
Satoru: Chisaki...
Chisaki: All I can really do is tell you that over the phone, but I still want to do everything I can.
Chisaki: You gave me your everything, so one minute before you go to sleep isn't much, right?
Satoru: Thanks.
Satoru: I'll call you as soon as I get back.
Chisaki: I'll be waiting.
*She's such a wonderful girl.*
*She accepted my circumstances no questions asked, and also does her best to support me.*
*I need to express my gratitude to her as much as I can.*
*If I want her to stay by my side, I have no choice but to.*
Levy 5: "Levy Five to McGregor. The target is back to its nest."
McGregor: "This is McGregor. Copy that. I also have a visual on them."
McGregor: "Rush in as soon as I give the signal. Levy Six and Levy Nine, offer support."
Levy 9: This is Levy Nine. Copy that.
Levy 6: This is Levy Six. Copy that.
McGregor: "Five, four, three, two, one... Go!"
Ryuunosuke: "The target has been apprehended, and no one is hurt. Good job, you two."
Ryuunosuke: "You can go ahead and withdraw now. We'll take care of the rest from here."
Levy 6: Alright. Thanks.
Ryuunosuke: "Oh, I almost forgot. There's one more thing I need to report."
Ryuunosuke: "The background check has been completed, Levy Six."
*I assume he's talking about Chisaki.*
Satoru: How did it go?
Ryuunosuke: "Nothing to worry about. She's as regular as they come."
Ryuunosuke: "As long as you keep up the good work, you won't hear any complaints from me."
Satoru: Thanks.
Ryuunosuke: "Sounds like you weren't worried one bit."
Satoru: Well, what can I say? She's a fantastic girl.
Ryuunosuke: "Haha! The work line isn't the place for you to be bragging."
Satoru: You started it.
Ryuunosuke: "Fair enough. Well, anyways, that's it for me."
Ryuunosuke: "Though if anything comes up, or you notice something funny, contact me right away."
Satoru: Nothing like that's gonna happen.
Ryuunosuke: "Oh, alright then. I'll be expecting good news during your next report."
Ryuunosuke: "Hopefully, that comes sooner rather than later. Talk to you later."
Satoru: Bye.
Satoru: Alright. You ready to head back?
Nanami: Yep. Good j--
Satoru: Wait.
Nanami: Huh?
Satoru: Sorry. Someone already called dibs on telling me that.
Satoru: It might sound dumb, but I wanna keep my promise to her, so I'd appreciate it if you could refrain from saying it.
Nanami: Oh-ho? That's interesting. Well, I'm glad you guys are getting along.
Nanami: Let's get going then. You don't wanna keep her waiting, do you?
Satoru: No.
*We slip past the cameras and patrolmen and make it back to the dorm without much trouble.*
*Now that our mission is over, Nanami goes back to her room and I go to mine.*
Satoru: Okay.
*After changing, I pick up my phone and go to Chisaki's number.*
*Maybe I shouldn't.*
Satoru: If she's waiting for me, I want to see her face.
Satoru: Alright. Let's do this.
*I reopen the window I just used to get in.*
*After jumping through the sill, I climb up to her room.*
Satoru: I hope she's awake.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Yeah, she should be.
*She's a girl who keeps her promises, so she wouldn't fall asleep after telling me she'd wait.*
*Once I reach her window...*
*I give it a few light taps.*
*Just as I expected, I can hear movement inside the room.*
*Within seconds, the window opens.*
Chisaki: Wh-What are you doing there?! Hurry! Come in!
Satoru: Excuse me.
Chisaki: Gee, you scared me out of my mind! That was dangerous. What if you fell and hurt yourself?
Satoru: I was using my ability, so that wouldn't have happened.
Satoru: Sorry. I just wanted to see you really badly.
Chisaki: I mean, I prefer this over talking on the phone too, but still...
Chisaki: Well, now that you're here, I guess I can't just ask you to leave.
Chisaki: So did you get hurt at all during work?
Satoru: Not a single scratch.
Chisaki: Thank goodness.
Chisaki: Good job today. And welcome back, Senpai.
Satoru: Thanks, Chisaki.
Chisaki: You're welcome!
*She smiles sweetly at me.*
*That smile soothes both my body and soul.*
Satoru: I love you so much.
Chisaki: Huh? Ah... I love you too, Senpai!
*I open my arms, and she leaps into my chest.*
*Hugging that small body of hers, I feel so warm.*
Satoru: Sorry I kept you up.
Chisaki: It's fine. That's not a big deal.
Chisaki: You know, honestly... I didn't quite expect you to get back this early.
Satoru: Hm?
*Last I checked, it was one in the morning.*
Satoru: This is pretty late, though.
Chisaki: Well, haven't you ever heard the saying? The night is still young...
Satoru: Oh...
*Her voice takes a sexy undertone.*
*And her slightly flushed skin becomes a lot more alluring.*
*I can feel my breath getting hotter.*
Satoru: Are you sure, though?
Chisaki: I already gave you all the clues you need... Don't embarrass me any further.
Chisaki: I'm the one who asked... That should tell you all you need to know.
Satoru: Hngh!
*All my self-restraint instantly goes out the door.*
*Impatient, the both of us move to the bed.*
Chisaki: *sigh*... Just look at me now.
Satoru: Yeah, sorry... But it's your fault for being too damn cute, Chisaki.
Chisaki: Don't you blame me, this happened because you got carried away!
Satoru: Well, uh. That's because I love you too much.
Chisaki: ......
Chisaki: You think I'm just dumb or something? You don't get permission to do whatever you want because you love me.
Satoru: I didn't mean it that way, I swear.
Chisaki: Now that you mention it, I learned something about myself recently... I am just that dumb.
Chisaki: Enough for me to instantly forgive you and smile as soon as you say you love me.
Chisaki: I love you just as much, Senpai. *giggle*!
*She smiles and give me a warm hug.*
*Chisaki really knows how to relieve anyone's tension.*
Chisaki: Hugging naked feels so nice.
Satoru: I know what you mean. Being able to feel your warmth directly is so great.
Chisaki: Ah, but no getting any funny ideas, okay? We've done enough for one night.
Satoru: I know that.
Chisaki: Do you? I know how sly you are with your mouth.
Satoru: ......
*She... really knows me well, huh?*
Satoru: I'm really sorry.
Chisaki: Come on, don't frown. You're so cute when you get sad I just wanna cheer you right up!
Chisaki: You're one hopeless guy, you know that?
*She shifts around on the bed, and puts her face near my crotch again.*
*And then...*
Chisaki: Till next time. *kiss*
Satoru: Nhh?!
Chisaki: That was a special parting gift. I'm just cheering you up, so don't get any funny ideas, okay?
Satoru: For example?
Chisaki: Asking to go another round.
Satoru: Pretty please?
Chisaki: Nope! Maybe next time! Good night.
Satoru: Wait, don't push me! I still don't even have my underwear on!
*I can climb back down to my room, but I'd prefer to not do it while naked.*
Satoru: I get it already! No more for today.
Chisaki: Okay... but you better mean it.
Satoru: Say...
Chisaki: Yes?
Satoru: You don't mind if we pick up where we left off another day, right?
Chisaki: Of course not. I'm just as eager as you are... *giggle*
Satoru: Hmm. How about we go on another date?
Satoru: As much as I love getting physically intimate, I'd like to do all sorts of other stuff together too.
Chisaki: Me too. Oh! Did you hear? The pool's gonna be opening next weekend.
Satoru: Oh, really? That's news to me.
Chisaki: Yep! So how does a pool date sound?
Satoru: Sounds great.
Chisaki: Ah, I know that dirty look!
Chisaki: I don't think I need to tell you, but there'll be lots of people at the pool. I'll get really upset if you try touching me in any inappropriate places.
Satoru: I know.
Satoru: I'm not dumb enough to try something like that in a crowded place.
Chisaki: Okay, I trust you. Boy, that's gonna be so much fun next weekend!
Satoru: It sure is.
Satoru: I love you, Chisaki.
Chisaki: I love you too, Senpai!
================================================================================
Chisaki: Ready or nooot, Senpai!
Satoru: Whoa!
*All of a sudden, she leaps into my arms.*
*And I gladly accept her loving tackle.*
Chisaki: Whoa, very impressive, Senpai! You managed to not fall over.
Satoru: Only barely, though. Don't scare me like that again, please.
Satoru: You'd fall flat on your face if I didn't manage to catch you.
Chisaki: You just looked so strong and firm I felt like jumping into your arms!
Satoru: Well, I'll admit that hearing that puts a smile on my face.
Chisaki: Sorry. I'll be careful!
Satoru: Whatever you do, though, I'll always support you.
*We stick our bodies together without caring about the people around us in the pool.*
*We can't do anything sexual, of course, but it seems like this level of affection is fine by her.*
Satoru: ......
*Looking left and right, the uncomfortable gazes around us make themselves apparent.*
Satoru: (A little late for regret, though.)
*It looks like word of our relationship spread across the school these past few days.*
*No need for us to really hide anything then, in that case.*
Chisaki: I'm just on cloud nine whenever I get to be with you, Senpai.
Satoru: Same here.
Chisaki: Let's keep spending lots and lots of time together!
Satoru: ......
Chisaki: Hm? Senpai?
Satoru: Yeah, let's.
*I say that in the most serious tone I can muster, because I really mean it.*
Satoru: I think I'm putting an undue burden on you by keeping secrets.
Satoru: But right now, you're my number one priority.
Chisaki: Senpai...
*I feel really bad that I'll never be able to tell her about my job.*
*At first, I decided to join the organization after questioning what I should use my ability for, but now that I have her by my side, I have all the conviction I need.*
*Now that I have someone I love--someone to return home to--I'm satisfied.*
*I could quit my job in the organization and have no regrets.*
Chisaki: Don't worry; I'll be alright. I kind of knew you had a secret even before I confessed to you.
Satoru: Really?
Chisaki: I mean, you always felt like you had something going on. And all that whispering you did with Nanami-chan made me suspicious. Also, the whole molester search.
Chisaki: You felt... somewhat used to doing stuff like that?
Satoru: Oh.
Chisaki: I mean, I didn't even have real proof. It was just some faint possibility in the back of my mind.
Satoru: So you confessed knowing that?
Chisaki: Well, yeah. You accepted me for who I was.
Chisaki: I was so, so happy back then. Just remembering it now makes me blush! *giggle*
Chisaki: So I don't want you to blame yourself so much.
Satoru: ......
Satoru: Thank you. Hearing that makes me feel a lot better.
Satoru: But still, I don't want to take advantage of your kindness.
Satoru: I want you to keep loving me, so I want to do whatever I can to keep you happy.
Chisaki: Senpai...
Satoru: It might be impossible now, but one day... I'll get a point where I don't have to keep secrets from you.
Chisaki: Thank you.
Chisaki: I appreciate it, I really do, but you don't have to feel pressured to do any of this.
Satoru: I'm not.
Satoru: I decided to protect you, but if something happens and I can't be there, I can't do that.
Satoru: And, well, uh...
Chisaki: Huh?
Satoru: I've been thinking about when we... decide to have kids and all.
Satoru: I don't wanna keep secrets from my children either.
Chisaki: So that's, like... when we get married? You're thinking that far ahead?
Satoru: Of course. I told you I'm serious about you, didn't I?
Chisaki: *giggle* You're such a cheater. What am I supposed to say back to you when you hit me with something like that?
Chisaki: Marriage... That'd sure be nice... *giggle*!
Satoru: I'll have to meet your parents.
Chisaki: You're really getting way too hasty. I'm glad you're serious about our relationship, but we're still in school.
Chisaki: Having kids does sound nice, but I want to focus on the present and enjoy our time together. Graduating comes first before kids and marriage.
Satoru: Yeah, you're right.
Chisaki: Don't worry. I'm just as serious about our relationship as you are.
Chisaki: So when that time comes, I'm counting on you to be the man and do your thing!
Satoru: Leave it to me.
Chisaki: *giggle*! Thank ya!
Chisaki: Let's have a happy, happy life together, Senpai!
================================================================================
