Girl: Umm... Hoshina-kun, do you have a moment?
*It happened during lunch break as I was walking back to class from the restroom.*
*Carried by the chilly autumnal winds, a cute voice calls out to me from behind.*
Shuuji: Ah... What is it?
*I turn around to find a girl from my class looking up at me with glossy eyes.*
*Her cute looks have won over every guy in our class.*
*With summer break behind us and September looming, unforgettable bonds have been forged between many of us.*
*So this cute girl stopping me can only mean one thing...*
Girl: You see, I'm in the Library Committee, and there's some super important work to do today. Problem is, I already have plans I absolutely can't cancel!
Girl: So, I'm reaaally sorry to ask this, but could you fill in for me?
*I hope you weren't expecting a confession. Popular girls have better things to do than ask out a nobody like me.*
Shuuji: Ah, doing something with your family or something?
Girl: Nah, more like... I'm deciding on my entire future?
Shuuji: Oh, wow. Sounds serious.
Girl: Yeah, it sure is.
Girl: So, like, I'm really sorry, but can you fill in for me? Pretty please?
*She tilts her head to the side and looks at me with upturned eyes while playfully sticking out her tongue.*
*I'm well aware of how phony her cutesy expression is.*
*I know it's phony, but... that doesn't change how cute I still think it is.*
Shuuji: But I don't know anything about Library Committee work.
Girl: Oh, that's fine. All you have to do is enter some of the library's new books into the PC, so they can be searched for.
Shuuji: Oh, you're registering books into the library catalog, huh... Well, I guess it can't be that hard if it's just simple data entry.
Girl: Right! So, umm... Would you fill in for me? Please! You're my last hope!
Shuuji: ...Okay. I'll do it if that's all there is to it.
Girl: For real?! Wow! Thanks so much! I knew I could count on you!
Shuuji: It's no big deal.
Girl: Alright, just go to the library after school, then! There'll be someone there who can explain what to do.
*The girl happily skips her way back to our classroom.*
*I'm being used, aren't I?*
*I had a hunch, but I felt pressured to say yes since I've helped a lot of the other girls in our class already...*
*This one is pretty high on the girls' social ladder, which makes turning her down and getting on her bad side a scary prospect.*
Shuuji: ...Maybe I agreed a little too quickly though.
Guy: What's up? You took on someone else's work again, didn't you?
Shuuji: For a Library Committee member, yeah. Apparently, there's something important going on today she can't put off.
Guy: Library Committee? Oh... You mean Akita?
Guy: She's probably just playing you. There's a reason people call her the "mixer queen." That thing she can't put off is 100\% just another mixer. She was even talking about the details in the classroom.
Shuuji: Oh, a mixer... I see. I suppose that does involve her future, in a way.
Guy: Don't tell me you already knew?
Shuuji: Kind of. I didn't know what exactly she was doing, but I did have the feeling it wasn't as important as she made it sound.
*Considering how blatantly phony her cutesy expression was, it's questionable if she was even trying to hide it.*
*Plus, I perceived a medicine-like "taste"―the taste of lies.*
Guy: Then why not just turn her down?
Shuuji: Well, I could have, but... I just figured that I may as well do it if she already has other plans.
Guy: Shuuji... Seriously...
*The name of this exasperated fellow is Kaidou Hideaki.*
*He's a classmate I chat a lot with. We're basically friends.*
Hideaki: You really ought to learn when to say no.
*An intense sour taste spreads in my mouth as Kaidou looks at me strangely.*
*The sourness is so intense that I almost grimace, but I manage to fake a smile instead.*
Shuuji: I'm perfectly aware of that myself, you know.
Hideaki: Want me to tell them no for you?
Shuuji: Don't bother. I appreciate the offer, but I'm not a little child; I'm perfectly capable of saying no when I really don't want to do something.
Hideaki: ...And yet I've never seen you do so.
Shuuji: Well, I don't have much to do after school, anyway. And it's not like people ask me for help every day.
Hideaki: But that doesn't mean you should work for these people while they're out having fun.
Hideaki: Whatever. How many times have we had this exchange now? I'm sick of telling you this all the time.
Shuuji: Sorry.
*It's not like I'm Mr. Nice Guy here.*
*But I have a bad habit. The habit of ignoring my own feelings and just going with the flow. I find it hard to turn people down as a result.*
Hideaki: Is there a reason you keep refusing to turn these girls down?
Shuuji: Not really... I don't have any good reason for it.
Shuuji: I just figure that being nice to girls could come in handy someday.
Hideaki: At this rate, those leeches will suck you dry, dude.
Shuuji: I'm obviously not gonna be as lax with my money.
Shuuji: It's just... I can't stand that awkwardness you get when turning people down. Anyway, it's different when I have something to do myself, but I don't mind helping when I'm free.
Hideaki: ...I swear, you're gonna get scammed real hard at some point, and it'll suck.
Girl: Yeah, I can see it now. It's scary just thinking about it.
Hideaki: I know, right? You're with me, aren't you, Wakana-chan?
Girl: Yeah. It's not normal to accept every single request, if you ask me. You're not hiding something from us, are ya?
Shuuji: Err...
*My heart skips a beat when I hear Kariya Wakana, one of my few friends.*
*I really am hiding something. Something I have never told Kaidou or Kariya, despite being friends... Something I don't want them to know specifically because we're friends.*
Hideaki: What do you think he could be hiding, Wakana-chan?
Wakana: If I had to guess, maybe he's a hardcore masochist?
Shuuji: That's a rather extreme assumption.
Hideaki: A hardcore masochist?! I see. So you've been taking on all this work in order to get turned on at school... I never would've expected it...
Hideaki: You should've told me we were comrades!
Shuuji: Keep your fetishes to yourself, dude! You're freaking me out!
Wakana: Huh? You mean having girls work you like a dog DOESN'T turn you on?
Shuuji: It really stings to see you so genuinely confused by that.
Shuuji: And really, girls shouldn't talk about fetishes in the broad daylight.
Wakana: What kind of sexist BS is this? Girls are allowed to talk about sex too.
Shuuji: Sure, but usually you keep that sort of talk between girls.
Shuuji: You got the hots for me or something?
Wakana: Hahaha. Nice joke. I know you don't mean that.
Hideaki: Though, it is true that girls talking about that stuff can give us guys the wrong idea.
Wakana: Well, we only do so around guys we have no interest in. It's just a normal way to make conversation. Don't read too much into it.
Shuuji: Either way, I don't get especially happy or anything when people work me.
Hideaki: Yeah, sure. Says the guy who takes every request that comes his way.
Shuuji: Well... It's just...
Shuuji: Won't girls really like me if I never turn them down?
Wakana: Ahahahaha! Not at all. If anything, it makes you look like a dumbass.
Shuuji: Man, it stings when you say that so bluntly.
*She completely brushed me off. There's not even a hint of bashfulness in her.*
Daydream Wakana: "I-It's not like I think you're cool, or anything. You're just... a really nice guy."
*I wish that she'd cutely say something like that instead.*
Wakana: Look, Hoshina. It's just like Kaidou said―being a pushover isn't a good thing. You're only going to get used more and more.
Hideaki: You need to turn people down every once in a while. You'll get taken advantage of if you let them think you're so soft.
Shuuji: You think I'll get taken advantage of...? Now you're just exaggerating.
Wakana: I'm not. There are some nasty girls out there who will totally suck you dry with the way you are now.
Shuuji: As if. You're clearly overthinking.
Wakana: Tch, tch. You're being naive. Women can be much more calculating than you think.
*Kariya says so with a stern face and a wag of her finger. *
Hideaki: Exactly. Couldn't have put it better myself. Women will get carried away the moment you're nice to them!
Hideaki: They'll make you pay for their food, for movie tickets, and even for accessories like purses! And all they'll give in return is a "That was a fun way to kill some time. Thanks! See ya♪" without any progress between the two of you.
Hideaki: And then right after that, they'll suddenly call you and ask you to come pick them up because they missed the last train! For freaking real?! There's mischievous and then there's just plain evil!
Wakana, Shuuji: ......
Hideaki: Ah?! S-Sorry guys, all my pent-up frustration just kinda exploded there.
Shuuji: Looks like you've been through some serious shit, man.
Hideaki: Yeah... I used to mess around a lot. But it's all in the past now.
Wakana: That sounds like a real nasty girl you ran into.
Shuuji: But getting used like that actually made you happy, didn't it?
Hideaki: Well... Yeah, a little.
Wakana: Ugh, are you grinning?! What a masochist... Terrifying.
Shuuji: I seriously don't get how someone can feel pleasure from being treated so crappily.
Hideaki: Hehe... That figures. You two are just greenhorns, after all.
Shuuji: I'm not planning on ever becoming a masochist veteran.
*How can he be so proud of being a masochist...? What's giving him that confidence?*
Wakana: You'll eventually turn into a pervert like him if you keep helping girls.
Shuuji: I wouldn't want that... Alright. I'll be more careful from now on.
Hideaki: Have you guys forgotten that I'm right here? Hearing that really hurts, you know?
Shuuji: I've got a question.
Wakana: Go ahead, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: How do I avoid being taken advantage of while coming off as soft?
Wakana: Coming off as soft is already a given?
Shuuji: I just feel like I'd get on the girls' bad sides if I suddenly changed my whole attitude, which is scary in its own way.
Wakana: Well, I guess that's possible.
Hideaki: If you want an example of someone who's kind but doesn't get taken advantage of...
Wakana: There's Ayachi-san.
Hideaki: Oh, right. She's a perfect example.
Girl: Yes? You called me?
Hideaki: Whoa! A-Ayachi-san?!
Ayachi-san: I'm sorry to have startled you. I just so happened to overhear my name when I was passing by.
Ayachi-san: Is there something you need with me?
Wakana: Oh, uh, don't worry about us. Your name just came up in our conversation.
Hideaki: Yeah, we weren't gossiping about you or anything.
Shuuji: Sorry if we offended you.
Ayachi-san: Oh no, I'm not upset; I was just curious. Please don't mind me.
Ayachi-san: Anyway, Kariya-san, about the thing from before...
Wakana: Ah! Yeah, it's going great! That place you introduced me to is awesome! Things are going great thanks to you. Thanks so much!
Ayachi-san: I'm happy to hear you like it there.
Wakana: I'm really thankful to you.
Ayachi-san: Please don't hesitate to visit the clubroom again should something else come up.
Wakana: Thanks! I will!
Schoolgirl B: Ah, Ayachi-saaan! Thanks for letting me borrow your notebook. You were a life-saver. And I have to say, the notes you took were super neat. You're awesome!
Ayachi-san: Oh, it was no big deal. More importantly, are you feeling better now?
Schoolgirl B: Yeah, I feel great!
Ayachi-san: I'm glad to hear that. Is there anything else that is troubling you?
Schoolgirl B: No, nothing at the moment.
Ayachi-san: I'm willing to help you out or lend an ear to your worries anytime. It doesn't need to be school related; I'm happy to listen to private or other problems too.
Schoolgirl B: Thanks. I'll be sure to stop by if something comes up.
Ayachi-san: Yes, please do.
*Ayachi-san then smiles warmly.*
*It's a smile that takes my breath away every time.*
*―Ayachi Nene.*
*I'm inclined to believe that most people, man or woman, will turn around to look at her as she walks around town.*
*She has a graceful bearing, a pretty face and beautiful, silky hair. She's a natural head-turner.*
*A bittersweet atmosphere follows her wherever she goes.*
*She's one of the most prominent beauties here at Himematsu Academy.*
*Incidentally, the reason that the Library Committee girl Akita-san is only "fairly" popular is that Ayachi-san is just that powerful.*
Nene: The same goes for you, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Huh? Umm... What do you mean?
Nene: I'd be glad to help if something should ever concern you.
Shuuji: Oh, thanks. I'm happy for the offer, but there's nothing like that right now.
Nene: Is that so? For some reason, I got the feeling that there's something worrying you...
Shuuji: Y-Yeah...?
*Ayachi-san stares at me with her beautiful eyes, seeing right through me.*
*What she just said, and this gaze... Is she on to something?*
*No, wait. There's no way she could find out my secret just by looking.*
Nene: Well, I just thought it would sound cool if I said that. There was no deeper meaning to it.
Shuuji: Yeah...?
*Despite how this looks, I'm not particularly close with Ayachi-san or anything.*
*We've been in the same class since entering this school, though, and it seems like Ayachi-san can talk to just about anyone.*
Wakana: Hey, did you see something in your cards about him?
Nene: No, I haven't... I just had a gut feeling about it.
Wakana: Considering how many people you've helped, I think you're right to trust that feeling.
Shuuji: What's that supposed to mean? The part about her helping people.
Wakana: Oh, whoops... Right... Sorry, Ayachi-san! You're keeping this from the guys, aren't you?
Nene: Oh, no, it's not that big of a secret, so don't worry about it.
Nene: It would just be a problem for me if people showed up out of curiosity, so I'm asking that you only keep it to people who actually need help.
Hideaki: ...? Did we overhear something we shouldn't have?
Nene: It's nothing that big... I'm in the OC.
Hideaki: OC?
Shuuji: Um, you mean... the Occult Club?
Nene: Yes. That's right.
Shuuji: I didn't know we had one of those at this school. This is the first I'm hearing of it.
Hideaki: Same here. And it's not just a circle, but an actual club?
Nene: That's right. It's a club that's been around since before we entered this school. Though, I'm currently the only member.
Nene: The Student Council has been on our case because of that... After all, the club doesn't do any sort of exhibitions or the like.
Hideaki: So... do you research ghosts or something? Or maybe aliens?
Nene: No, I am doing divination. "Occult" involves the entire spectrum of the supernatural. I am thankfully able to do as I please since I am the only member.
Hideaki: By divination you mean, doing hand signs and being like "And there we have it!"?
Shuuji: It's impressive how old that reference is. I don't think anyone is gonna get that.
Wakana: You instantly recognizing it is just as impressive. I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about. You guys are such geeks. Right, Ayachi-san?
Nene: I obviously can't do Albino Snake Divination.
Wakana: You know about it too?!
Nene: Yeah, kind of, but I can only do tarot card reading. Divination is nothing more than a hobby for me, after all.
Wakana: Anyway, she's also offering counseling there.
Nene: It's really just part of the divination I'm doing. It hardly deserves to be called "counseling."
Nene: But if you want, don't hesitate to come over to my clubroom anytime, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Oh, sure. Thanks.
Schoolgirl A: Ayachi-saaan! I need your help with our classic Japanese homework!
Nene: Oh, of course. I'll be right there.
Nene: Okay then. I must excuse myself now.
*Called by one of our classmates, Ayachi-san returns to the classroom.*
Wakana: ...Ayachi-san really is amazing. She's smart and cute, and yet not stuck-up at all.
Hideaki: She's almost a little too perfect to be real.
Hideaki: But anyway, people consult her for a lot of stuff, huh? I would've expected that to turn into a big rumor.
Wakana: It's well-known among girls. It'd be a big problem for Ayachi-san if the guys found out and caused a commotion, though.
Hideaki: Ah, is that so... Maybe I should pay her a visit too, and then... Ehee!
Shuuji: Allow me to read your thoughts: "Maybe I could get closer to her."
Hideaki: Huh?! What?! Espers are real? And you're one of them?!
Wakana: What're you talking about? You couldn't have been more obvious. You were practically oozing with sleaze.
Shuuji: You're even drooling some.
Hideaki: Really?! Oh, you're right!
Shuuji: I'm guessing that the girls don't spread that rumor around because of how many guys like you there are.
Wakana: That's right. You two better keep this to yourselves.
Hideaki: Sure. You bet!
Shuuji: So anyway, did you also consult her about something, Kariya? I mean, you just thanked her and all.
Wakana: I did. I really want something, but I was worried because I didn't have the money for it.
Shuuji: What do you want?
Wakana: Well... A guitar.
Hideaki: A guitar? Sure didn't expect that.
Shuuji: You can play the guitar? Well, I guess you wouldn't want one if you couldn't.
Wakana: Yeah, a little.
*Kariya firmly replies with a hint of embarrassment.*
Wakana: I found my dad's old guitar a while back, and he's been teaching me ever since. Apparently, he used to be in a band.
Wakana: It's been a few years now, and so I'd like to finally get my own guitar.
Shuuji: Huh. My only musical experience comes from music class, though that was ages ago.
Hideaki: I could probably play a bit better than Shuuji, then. I had a phase where I was really into music, and so I tried my hand at the guitar.
Wakana: Oh, really? That's unexpected.
Hideaki: Well, that was a while ago. So? Since you're saving up money, you gonna get a good one?
Wakana: Yeah, I'd like a decent one, at least. Though, the prices of musical instruments are pretty crazy.
Shuuji: True. Especially vintage instruments. The amount those go for is just bonkers.
Wakana: Dad told me to get one with my own money. Would it have killed him to give me at least some of the money for it?
Shuuji: So, how did Ayachi-san help you with that?
Wakana: She introduced me to a part-time job.
Wakana: And now I'm going to finally reach my goal with my next paycheck, meaning I'll be getting my guitar really soon♪ Uhehe.
Hideaki: A part-time job, huh? That's nice. Maybe I could have her introduce me to one as well?
Wakana: Allow me to read your thoughts: "Maybe then, I could get closer to her. I could even ask her out on a date to 'repay her' with my first paycheck!"
Hideaki: Is everyone I know a freaking esper?!
Shuuji: Look, anyone could guess as much. The fact that she was right just means you're simple.
Hideaki: Wh-Whatever! Who cares! Besides, as a guy, I can't let an opportunity to get to know a cute girl like her slip by!
Wakana: Well, you have a point... I guess.
Shuuji: I'm guessing all the other single guys out there are looking for opportunities too.
*And, wouldn't you know it...*
Student 1: ...Those guys there just talked to Ayachi-san, didn't they?
Student 2: What was it about? I-I want to know... Damn, I'm so jealous of them.
Student 3: Damn it... I wanna chat with her too.
Shuuji: ......
*All the boys around us are jealously staring daggers at us. It's seriously painful.*
*Just one short chat in the hallway is enough to produce this reaction. That just goes to show how popular Ayachi-san is.*
Wakana: ...Hoshina? Why are you grimacing?
Shuuji: Uh... It's nothing.
Hideaki: Don't act like this is none of your business. You'd love to get closer with Ayachi-san too, right? Why not get a tarot reading from her? She invited you for one, after all.
Shuuji: I dunno... I'll swing by and ask for one once something comes up.
Hideaki: What a waste.
Wakana: I feel like she wouldn't like it if he went there without a good reason.
Hideaki: Huh?! Really?
Wakana: Nobody likes a guy who clearly has ulterior motives, you know?
Hideaki: Except when you're hot.
Wakana: Well, too bad you aren't.
Hideaki: Wow! How could you?!
Wakana: I don't think girls like Ayachi-san are that shallow. What matters is if you're attractive on the inside, not the outside.
Hideaki: I see.
Wakana: Besides, people with great personalities wouldn't approach her like that in the first place.
Hideaki: Ugh... I guess it's game, set and match for me.
Shuuji: Guys, we better head back to class. Afternoon classes are about to start.
Wakana: Oh, yeah. Right.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: (Phew...)
*Lunch break has ended, and classes have resumed again. However, I can tell without looking that some boys are still staring at me out of jealousy.*
*This isn't me just being self-conscious or getting the wrong impression. This is something I can actually feel with my body.*
*To me, it literally feels like I'm being stabbed when people stare at me too much.*
*Even now, it feels like I'm being pricked by needles.*
Shuuji: (Man, these jealous looks really hurt.)
*Jealousy isn't the only thing I can feel.*
*It's the same with the sourness when Kaidou worried about me, or the medicine-like taste when Akita-san lied to me.*
*None of that was meant figuratively.*
*I literally perceive the feelings of others through my five senses.*
*When someone around me feels depressed or the mood around me turns heavy, I get a bitter taste in my mouth and a headache.*
*When someone is angry, it's spiciness and a prickling pain like getting scorched.*
*And when someone feels worried or anxious, it's sourness instead.*
*There are also other emotions that come with "colors" or "smell."*
*This is the secret I can't tell anyone about.*
*It's because of this that I always try not to turn people down when they ask me for help.*
*I'd be tormented by endless headaches and bitter tastes in my mouth if I made someone hate me for turning them down.*
*As a result, I always pay more attention than normal to the feelings of those around me.*
Shuuji: (It's not like I want to be this way, though...)
*Incidentally, I have been examined at a hospital.*
*A long time ago, being the honest and innocent kid I was, I kept telling people about this ability of mine.*
*I was serious enough about it to worry my dad and teacher. To be safe, my dad took me to the hospital, but they found nothing wrong with me.*
*The doctor suggested that I could be what they call a "highly sensitive person," which isn't a curable condition.*
*In the end, I had to accept my heightened sensitivity and learn to live with it.*
*I've since come to understand that I'm very different from normal people, so I try not to mention it if I don't have to.*
*At the hospital, the doctor there didn't seem to buy my story and looked at me in disbelief.*
*I tasted an indescribably disgusting feeling at the time... It was like eating an overly-strong lukewarm soup.*
*So anyway, that's why I don't want to consult with anyone about it.*
*Like Kaidou said, Ayachi-san's invitation is compelling, but... I just can't reveal my secret.*
*Hence, I'm sure she and I will remain nothing more than classmates who occasionally chat, and that we won't see each other again after graduation. A perfectly normal, shallow relationship.*
*Our paths in life will almost certainly never intersect.*
*―Or so I thought...*
Shuuji: Well then.
*With school finally over, I grab my book bag and get up out of my seat.*
Girl: Hoshina-kuuun! I'm really sorry to ask this of you.
Shuuji: It's cool. Don't worry about it.
Girl: Thanks. Okay then, bye-bye♪
Shuuji: See you tomorrow.
Hideaki: So you're still doing this, huh?
Shuuji: For today, yeah. It wouldn't be right to turn her down now after I already told her I'd do it.
Wakana: Yeah, fair enough.
Hideaki: *sigh*... Okay, fine. Want me to give you a hand?
Shuuji: Err...
Shuuji: I appreciate the sentiment, but no thanks.
Hideaki: Knew you'd say that.
Wakana: Yeah, it was practically a given.
Shuuji: What do you mean?
*The two of them smile wryly at me out of exasperation.*
*Huh? What's that about?*
Wakana: Despite how much you complain, you still insist on doing everything yourself.
Hideaki: You're a real lone wolf, dude.
Shuuji: Okay, look. All I'm doing today is entering some data into their computer database, so I really don't need your help.
Shuuji: I'll ask you for help for sure next time something like this happens.
Wakana: Stubborn to the end, I see.
Hideaki: There's not supposed to be a "next time." You're supposed to turn them down instead.
Shuuji: Yeah, yeah. I know.
Hideaki: Looks like he's gonna keep on helping people after this.
Wakana: That's just how he is. It's not something that can be fixed that easily.
Wakana: No point in nagging him about it any further.
Hideaki: I'll be on my way, then. What about you, Wakana-chan? Wanna go somewhere if you're free?
Wakana: Together with you?
Hideaki: Yeah.
Wakana: Just the two of us?
Hideaki: Yeah!
Wakana: Yeah, no way♪
Hideaki: Your blunt replies are too cruel!
Wakana: I'm sorry, but I'm busy today.
Hideaki: What plans?
Wakana: That part-time job.
Hideaki: The one Ayachi-san introduced you to?
Wakana: Yep. So I don't have time today. Sorry.
Hideaki: Work, huh... Well, I guess that's―Huh? Hold on a second.
Hideaki: Then why did you ask if it would be the two of us?! Wouldn't that be completely irrelevant?!
Wakana: That's just your imagination!
Shuuji: If you have school in the day and work in the evening, then doesn't that mean you have no time for homework or studying?
Wakana: Yeah, pretty much. I always end up crashing as soon as I come home from work...
Wakana: Ugh, our next exams are gonna be rough... Once I get my new guitar, I'm gonna play that bad boy nonstop... Uhehe.
Wakana: Oh! I'll be late if I keep standing around chatting like this. See you guys later! Gotta go!
Shuuji: See you tomorrow.
Hideaki: Don't trip on your shoelaces as you run!
Shuuji: Well then, I'll head over to the library now.
Hideaki: Yeah, see you.
*I part with Kaidou and head towards the second school building.*
*The second building houses specialist rooms like the library and art room, as well as all the academic-oriented clubrooms.*
*Because of that, students not in clubs are rarely seen here after school.*
*Especially since the library is on the top floor. It's a real pain in the neck to visit.*
*But even still, there are fewer students here than I expected.*
*As I'm walking down the dead-silent hallway...*
Shuuji: ―Ah!
*I discover a door with a nameplate reading "Occult Club."*
Shuuji: It really does exist...
*It's not like I doubted everyone. I just never heard of this club before.*
*Seeing how it has its own clubroom and all, I'm guessing it used to be a lot more prosperous in the past.*
Shuuji: Well, I don't have anything I want to consult her on, and I'm not interested in tarot, so...
*I pass by the clubroom and hurry over to the library.*
Shuuji: Excuse me.
Shuuji: I've been told to come here and register some new books into the library catalog.
Committee Girl: Huh? Umm... And you are? I don't remember you being in the Library Committee.
Shuuji: I'm filling in for Akita from class 2-A. Apparently, she has something she can't call off and asked me to fill in for her.
Committee Girl: Oh, really? If that's how it is... I guess that's alright. Okay, I'm counting on you, then.
Shuuji: Sorry, but could you teach me how to do it?
Committee Girl: Sure. It's not too hard. Could you sit down at the computer there?
Shuuji: Yeah, sure.
Committee Girl: So first, you open the database, and then... Okay, there we go.
Committee Girl: See the different fields here? Category, title, author, publisher and so on. You have to fill all of them out.
Shuuji: I only have to enter the data there and that's it?
Committee Girl: Yeah, that's right. Click the register button once they're filled out, and then you'll be back at the main database interface again. Well? Think you can manage?
Shuuji: Yeah, probably. Is it okay to ask you if I have any questions later?
Committee Girl: Sure thing. Alright, the books you need to register are piled up over here. This is all of them.
Shuuji: Got it.
*I replied casually, but... there's a small mountain of books here. There are easily fifty...*
*The work itself won't be difficult, but it's certainly going to be time-consuming.*
Shuuji: Welp, better get started...
Shuuji: Mhm, nnngh...
*I give my back a good stretch, my chair creaking underneath me.*
Shuuji: This is a lot more tiresome than I expected.
*In order to fill out all the fields, it's necessary to open the back cover of each book, forcing you to type with just one hand. That makes it almost impossible to work quickly.*
*The sun is starting to set, and I'm still not done.*
Shuuji: Just a little more to go...
Committee Girl: Umm... You done yet?
Shuuji: No, sorry. Shouldn't take much longer, though.
Committee Girl: ...Oh.
Shuuji: ......
*I wouldn't say she looks outright annoyed, but she doesn't exactly seem happy to hear that, either.*
*The library is probably pretty busy during exam season, but it's a ghost town at this time of year.*
*Not a single other student has visited the library today. Which means it's just the two of us two of us sitting here in this huge room.*
*And her only duty is to just sit there waiting for me to finish my work. Which means...*
*A lightly bitter taste covers my tongue. What can I say, other than this is exactly what I expected?*
*Though, really, I don't think this girl is all that frustrated.*
*My condition just reacts more strongly when the emotions are being directed at me.*
*It's not nearly as bad when they're directed at other people instead.*
Shuuji: You can go home ahead of me if you want.
Committee Girl: Huh?
Shuuji: I doubt anyone is gonna come by this late anyway, and I can return the key to the faculty room myself once I'm done.
Committee Girl: But you aren't on the committee...
Shuuji: I've come here to work in place of a Library Committee member. I'm sure me being the one to lock the room up wouldn't be a problem.
Committee Girl: You think?
*Her expression relaxes a little. Looks like I'm managing to persuade her.*
Shuuji: You don't have to worry about me. I'm almost done registering the books, anyway.
Committee Girl: O-Okay then... Could you please handle that for me? Here's the key.
Shuuji: Yeah, sure.
Committee Girl: Thanks a bunch! I'm off, then!
Shuuji: Yeah, bye!
Shuuji: ......
*Now that I'm alone, the bitter taste in my mouth gradually dissipates.*
Shuuji: Pheeew... Now I feel more comfortable. Alright, let's get this done.
*There is no need to rush it anymore, so I proceed at a leisurely pace.*
Shuuji: Gotta say, this library is pretty dang nice. And it's dead quiet, too... Kinda makes you want to mess around a little.
*I have the whole place to myself right now. There's no one else here to worry about. Now I can, for instance...*
Shuuji: *click clack* Bam!
*I pound away on the keyboard, slam down on that enter key, and then strike a triumphant pose!*
Shuuji: I got a little carried away there... That was just embarrassing.
*The cringe is real, even though I'm the only one here. Let's not do that again.*
Shuuji: Phew. That's the last of it.
*Satisfied, I shut down the PC and get ready to leave.*
*All I have to do is grab my book bag and check to make sure everything's locked.*
*Let's see... The windows are all shut. Looking good.*
Hideaki: *sigh*... Okay, fine. Want me to give you a hand?
*Kaidou kindly offered his help, and yet I... I really need to get better at accepting help.*
*I won't be able to hold a normal relationship if I don't.*
*Besides... Kaidou and Kariya are really kind to me despite how I am. I feel bad for snubbing them like this...*
Shuuji: ...So what kind of books do they have here, anyway?
*I wonder if they have any self-transformation books about changing yourself.*
*I drop my bag back down onto the floor and check out the shelves in the back.*
*It's just a simple question, asked out of idle curiosity.*
*There's no deeper meaning to it. I just want to know what kind of books our library had.*
*However, it is this insignificant decision that will eventually change that which I thought could never be changed.*
Voice: Huh? No one's here?
Shuuji: ...Hm?
Voice: You're kidding me. I came to check up on them since they never came to return the key, and they're nowhere to be seen... I'll need to have a word with them.
*Oh crap, a teacher! I guess I took a little too much time.*
Shuuji: Umm―
Girl: Umm, Sensei.
*Another voice drowns out mine. Looks like someone else has also entered the library.*
*Huh? This voice belongs to...*
Sensei: Ayachi, you're still here?
Nene: Yes. Time slipped away from me.
Sensei: Ah. Well, you shouldn't dawdle around here too much.
Nene: Is... there one else here in the library?
Sensei: It would seem so. I'm about to lock the room.
Nene: I would like you to let me look something up before that. Could you lend me the key?
Sensei: You want to look something up this late?
Nene: Yes, just something about tarot cards. It won't take much time at all. I'll just need five... no, maybe twenty minutes. Please. 
Sensei: ...Well, I suppose I can trust you. Okay, here's the key.
Sensei: However, you are to return it to the faculty room within thirty minutes. And make absolutely sure that the room is locked when you leave.
Nene: Understood. Thank you very much.
Sensei: Alright, goodbye.
Nene: Y-Yes... Goodbye... *pant* *pant*...
*With our teacher having left, it's now just me and Ayachi-san in the library.*
*I don't know, it's like... I've completely missed my chance to come out.*
*I should've just come out while the teacher was still there.*
*Though, if I keep hiding here... she'll probably think I'm some kind of creep.*
Shuuji: (I'm not doing anything wrong here, so it should be fine if I just come out and explain things to her.)
*It'll become even more difficult to approach her once she becomes immersed in her research.*
*So I'd like to approach her now, but... wait. What is she doing?*
*Ayachi-san isn't heading to any of the bookshelves. Instead, she goes and closes the door.*
Nene: *pant*... *pant*...
Shuuji: (......?)
*What is she doing? Why would she close the door before starting her research?*
*And... why is she panting?*
Nene: This should be... alright. Mhh...
*Her face is red... Does she have a cold?*
*Or that's what I'd normally think, but...*
*I've been tasting and smelling something entirely unfamiliar to me for a little while now.*
*It's an intense kind of... sweetness? And it's accompanied by a smell that's sending my heart pounding.*
*Ayachi-san is experiencing an emotion strong enough for me to perceive it clear as day.*
*What emotion could possibly be this strong? I've never sensed an emotion like this before.*
Shuuji: ......
*The thought of approaching her is no longer in my mind. I want to know more about this strange emotion I'm sensing right now.*
*But... even more than the smell, the guilt I'm feeling from peeping on her has sent my heart racing like crazy.*
Nene: *pant*...*pant*...
*Ayachi-san still shows no signs of starting her research. Instead of going to the bookshelves, she goes to a nook hidden from the door, and...*
Nene: Mh, mhh...
Shuuji: (...What?)
================================================================================
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Ugh... Morning already?
*I did get a little bit of sleep, but not nearly enough.*
*What happened yesterday in the library left me thinking about... all sorts of stuff.*
*Why did Ayachi-san do that?*
*Like, okay, let's say that she actually does get horny sometimes. But... doing that? At school? That's not normal.*
Shuuji: Ayachi-san...
Shuuji: I feel like she should be the one consulting people about her issues, not the other way around.
*So, I spent all night thinking about the incident. Morning came before I knew it.*
*I know it would be better if I just forgot all about it, but...*
Shuuji: That image has been forever seared into my brain.
Shuuji: Morning.
Dad: Morning, Shuuji! Huh? What's wrong? You're looking kinda down.
Shuuji: Just didn't get enough sleep. *yaaaawn*
Dad: Breakfast's the best medicine for that. Make sure you stuff your belly real good!
Shuuji: You talk like it's you cooking breakfast, but we both know it's me.
Dad: Counting on you, Son!
*Seriously, talk about energetic... This spirited old dude is my dad, Hoshina Taichi.*
*He's exhausting to deal with since he's a lot livelier than you'd expect from a guy his age. But all in all, we have a good relationship.*
Taichi: What's for breakfast today?
Shuuji: Rice, hiyayakko, spinach salad and miso soup. Oh, and omelets.
Taichi: The usual, huh? I'd appreciate a fancier breakfast every once in a while, you know. Like maybe some of Dad's favorite, cabbage rolls!
Shuuji: Your requests are way too annoying to cook right after waking up.
Taichi: Tch. Your mom was so much nicer to me.
Shuuji: Oh, right. I forgot to greet her.
Shuuji: Good morning, Mom.
*I speak to the photograph of her in our living room.*
*It shows a cheerfully smiling, very pretty woman. That's my mother, Hoshina Yui. Though, I have very little memory of her.*
*She passed away in an accident over 10 years ago, so it's just me and my dad now. I've been in charge of cooking ever since becoming old enough to handle knives.*
*Dad will sometimes cook dinner on the weekends, but it's usually me since I tend to have more free time.*
Shuuji: Oh, right. Are you okay with pan-fried mackerel for dinner? We really need to eat the one we have in the fridge.
Taichi: Aren't you slacking a little lately? Where'd all your love for your dear father go?
Taichi: Your mom was full of affection for me! She was always attentive to my needs, like we could completely understand one another... She would always make what I want without needing me to tell her.
Shuuji: Don't puff up your cheeks sulkily. That's just gross. Act your age.
Shuuji: Anyway, we're having pan-fried mackerel for dinner. Get us some side dishes to go with it on your way home.
Taichi: Yeah, sure, but... Listen, Shuuji.
Shuuji: Yeah?
Taichi: Pan-frying some fish is simple enough for me to handle. It's okay if you come home late every now and then, you know.
Shuuji: ...What are you talking about?
Taichi: I'm telling you to hang out with your friends every once in a while.
Taichi: Well, normally I'd tell you to get a girlfriend... But unlike myself, I don't see you being popular with the ladies at all.
Shuuji: ......
Taichi: Anyway, I want you to enjoy yourself like a young man should from time to time.
Shuuji: I'll keep that in mind.
Taichi: Shuuji... You not having a girlfriend is one thing, but do you at least have any friends?
Shuuji: Wow, how rude. Of course I do.
Taichi: How much you paying them a month? 30,000 Yen?
Shuuji: I'm not paying for them!
Taichi: I sure hope so.
Taichi: So, where's the rice?
Shuuji: It's already ready. Get your serving yourself.
*It's a typical morning with the Hoshina family.*
Shuuji: Morning.
*And the classroom is the same as always too.*
Shuuji: ......
*Looks like Ayachi-san isn't here yet.*
Hideaki: Morning. Is something the matter?
Shuuji: Hey. No, it's nothing, really. Don't mind me.
Hideaki: So? How'd it go yesterday?
Shuuji: Wh-What do you mean by that?! Why do you ask?!
Hideaki: Huh? Was it that hard?
Shuuji: N-No! I didn't get hard there, okay?!
Hideaki: ......
Hideaki: ...What the heck was that? Some kind of dirty joke?
Shuuji: Huh?! N-No, I didn't mean it like that!
*Right, I'm being ridiculous. Why did I take it that way?*
Hideaki: You stood in for Akita-san in the library, right? Did it go okay? Was the work harder than expected or something?
Shuuji: Oh. Ohhh... You meant the work, right.
Shuuji: Yeah, I took care of it. I was working hard the whole time! Nothing else happened! Just your normal, everyday after-school activities!
Hideaki: ...Man, you sure are strange.
*Man, I need to get a grip... I'm way too sensitive about this.*
*Just thinking about the Library Committee work yesterday is bringing that image from yesterday to mind again. My heart is starting to race.*
Akita: Morning, Hoshina-kuuun!
Shuuji: Oh yeah, good morning, Akita-san.
Akita: Really sorry about yesterday. I mean, having you fill in for me on such short notice. How'd it go?
Shuuji: Wh-What do you mean?!
Hideaki: Dude, why do you keep getting flustered at that question?
Akita: Huh? Was it really hard or something?! I'm sorry. Really!
Shuuji: Huh? Ah, err... No, it wasn't hard at all. It's all good.
Akita: Oh, good... Anyway, thanks for yesterday. You were a big help.
Shuuji: Nah, it was nothing.
Shuuji: I'm the one who should thank you.
Akita: ...Huh? For what?
Hideaki: Ah, we really are comrades! You should've just said so!
Shuuji: Look, I told you I'm not the same as you. I just expressed myself the wrong way, is all.
Shuuji: The library work was really easy, so don't worry about it. More importantly, did everything go well on your end, Akita-san?
Akita: Yeah, it went great!
Shuuji: Good for you.
Akita: Ah, right! I baked some cookies as thanks. Here you go!
Shuuji: Oh, thanks. I guess I'll have them during lunch break.
Hideaki: Hey, Akita. I know Shuuji is always helping people out like a fool, but I think committee work is something you need to take care of yourself.
Akita: I know that. But yesterday really was an important, special day! It was super rare! Like hospital rare!
Shuuji: "Hospital rare"? Is that your way of saying there was a physician at the mixer? That's pretty impressive.
Akita: Ah...
Akita: Mixer? What's that? I have no idea what you mean, eheh! Anyway, thanks a lot for yesterday☆
*She smiles cheerfully, then quickly takes her leave.*
Hideaki: That was a good smile. The way she held it all the way to the end was impressive.
Shuuji: Maybe she really did nab a physician. How else could she keep smiling like that?
Hideaki: I would've complained more if I was you... Though, that sarcastic comment wasn't half-bad.
Shuuji: I can at least do that. It'd be annoying if she came to me for help with every little thing. I wanted to at least make it clear that I did this begrudgingly...
Shuuji: ...I did make that clear, didn't I?
Hideaki: Normally speaking, yeah, but Akita can be pretty dense.
Shuuji: ...Well, at least I got some cookies.
Hideaki: Isn't that just her blatantly showing off, like "Look at me. I'm so good at cooking☆"?
Shuuji: Doesn't change how happy I was.
Hideaki: Yeah, I hear you.
Hideaki: So anyway, my dear comrade.
Shuuji: Stop with that already.
Hideaki: Was that work yesterday really not tough?
Shuuji: No, it really wasn't. It was a bit more work than I would've liked, but that's all. However...
Hideaki: Yeah?
Shuuji: ......
*I bet he wouldn't believe me if I told him what I saw.*
Hideaki: Huh? What is it? Something the matter?
Shuuji: Oh, well... If, hypothetically speaking...
Hideaki: Yeah?
Shuuji: ...After school in the library, a certain girl...
Nene: ......
Hideaki: A certain girl... does what?
Shuuji: Oh, uh, never mind. Forget about it.
Hideaki: Huh? Now I'm only more curious...
Nene: Good morning, Kaidou-kun, Hoshina-kun.
Hideaki: Whoa?! Y-You were there? Good morning, Ayachi-san.
Nene: What have you two been talking about?
Shuuji: Oh, uhh... Nothing really. Nothing at all!
Nene: Oh, is that so?
*Having regained her usual smile, Ayachi-san walks over to her seat.*
Nene: Good morning.
Schoolboy A: Morning, Ayachi-san!
*Indeed, this is her usual smile. Her usual grace. She is the very definition of "purity."*
*And so... I almost want to believe that what happened yesterday after school was nothing more than a delusion.*
Shuuji: ......
Hideaki: ...The heck? Weren't things kinda awkward between you two just now? I doubt it, but... did something happen?
Shuuji: Not that I can think of. We were never really close to begin with, so I wouldn't call that awkward or anything.
Hideaki: Hmm... If you say so.
Hideaki: Oh, there's the bell.
Shuuji: Huh? Kariya isn't here yet.
Hideaki: That's odd. She sick or something?
Wakana: There! D-Did I make it? Am I safe?
Hideaki: The teacher isn't here yet.
Wakana: Oh, good... *pant* *pant* God, am I tired. I shouldn't have sprinted like that right after waking up...
Shuuji: Morning. It's odd to see you cutting it so close.
Wakana: It's not for any good reason, either. I just overslept. Morning, guys.
Hideaki: Morning. You stayed up late or something?
Wakana: Yeah, because of my part-time job. I'm getting my next paycheck soon and will finally have the amount I need.
Shuuji: Huh. So you're really going to get a guitar.
Wakana: Yep. So it looks like I'll be getting more than I planned for. I stayed up thinking about which guitar I wanted, and it got super late before I knew it.
Wakana: *yaaaaawn* I'm so sleepy...
Shuuji: And? Did you decide on one?
Wakana: Not yet. I've got a good shortlist, though. I'll have to hold them and try them out myself before coming to a final decision. Ah, I can't wait! Uhehe.
Sensei: Sit down, everyone. I'm going to take attendance now. If you aren't seated by the time I call your name, I'll mark you as tardy.
Wakana: Whoa?! My sprint would be all for nothing!
*Hisashima-sensei stands behind the lectern and starts taking attendance.*
*She teaches Modern Japanese and is also our homeroom teacher.*
Kanae: I see we have perfect attendance again. I'm happy to see you all so healthy. Be sure to work hard today, everyone.
Classmate: Okay.
Kanae: Oh right, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: ...Yes?
Kanae: I want you to come to the faculty room at some point during lunch break. There's something I need to talk to you about.
Shuuji: Umm... Okay. Will do.
Kanae: No protest, just how I like it. Make sure you don't stand me up.
Shuuji: ...Alright.
Wakana: Dear me.
Hideaki: Oh boy.
Wakana: It's unusual to be called in by Kanae-chan. What'd you do? Anything come to mind?
Shuuji: Hmm... Maybe this is about yesterday?
Hideaki: What happened yesterday?
Shuuji: The job was pretty easy, but it did take a while. I ended up being the one who locked the room and returned the key.
Shuuji: So it's probably about that. She looked like she had something to say when I returned the key.
Wakana: Oh? That so?
Hideaki: Man, you did Akita's job for her and then you get summoned by the teacher... Couldn't have gone any worse for you.
Shuuji: A-Ah, yeah, sure...
Hideaki: Huh? What's with that reaction?
Wakana: That was a pretty weak response.
Shuuji: It's nothing. You should get back to your seats. Class is about to start.
*And thus, class begins as usual. *
*Most students concentrate on the blackboard during class, so there's usually not much to stir my emotional perception.*
*However, for the second day in a row, that trend has been disrupted. I feel a tickling sensation and the taste of powdered medicine spreads in my mouth.*
*It's probably...*
Nene: ......
*Yeah, it can only be Ayachi-san.*
*It would seem she's really worried about what I'm going to do. Well, that's only natural.*
*"He might tell everyone." "Everyone will laugh at me." "Everyone will hate me." Stuff like that must be going through her mind, and I can't blame her.*
*I was planning on just dropping the issue, but it'd probably be better if I cleared things up with her.*
*And I could just return her Student ID to her myself rather than giving it to Hisashima-sensei, like I was initially planning to.*
Shuuji: Excuse me, it's Hoshina Shuuji. I've come as I was told.
Kanae: Good. I'm sorry I'm interrupting your lunch break.
Shuuji: Yeah, that's okay... Did I do something bad?
Kanae: No, nothing like that. I just wanted to talk to you.
Shuuji: O-Okay...?
Kanae: Well, have a seat. Oh, right. Would you like a cup of tea?
Shuuji: Yes, thank you. Oh, and something to go along with the tea please.
Kanae: You don't hold back, huh... Will pickled ginger do?
Shuuji: Oh, wow! Leftover pickled ginger from your supermarket sushi lunch! How tasty!
*Yay! Shuuji luuuvs pickled ginger!*
Kanae: Stop with the sarcasm. Nobody likes that.
Shuuji: I wasn't being sarcastic. I really do like pickled ginger. Though, I also eat stuff like dried bonito by itself.
Shuuji: Anyway, thanks for the tea.
*I take the teacup in one hand and use the other to toss a few slices of ginger into my mouth. *munch munch**
*It's good. This is some fine pickled ginger.*
Kanae: Well, now that you've settled in, let's get to the point.
Kanae: So, do have any idea why I might have summoned you here?
Shuuji: I don't recall breaking any rules, so... Maybe because I brought the library key back late yesterday?
Kanae: Sorry, but you're wrong. Though, I suppose it does play a part in this.
Kanae: Hoshina, why are you taking on so much work from other people?
Shuuji: I don't know how to answer that...
Kanae: Oh... Please don't get the wrong idea; I'm not trying to criticize you. It's good that you're willing to help those in need.
Kanae: But doing almost everything you're asked to isn't normal... Frankly, I can't bring myself to praise you for that.
Shuuji: ...I'm sorry.
*Her piercing gaze is matched by a bitter and sour taste spreading within my mouth.*
*She seems to be genuinely worried about me. She's easy to talk to and, at the end of the day, a really good teacher. Students like her quite a bit.*
*But, thanks to her somewhat masculine personality, she's rumored to be a lot more popular with the girls than the boys. She herself seems to be straight though.*
Kanae: There's no need to apologize. But the more you fill in for people, the more likely others are to start taking it for granted.
Kanae: That is not what I―or more like, that's not what the school wants. I'm not talking about just helping out like you did yesterday. You're even taking work from event-running committees.
Kanae: Those are experiences we want the students to have for themselves. They shouldn't be shoving that work onto others.
Kanae: You do understand that, right?
Shuuji: ...Yeah. I understand. I'm sorry.
Kanae: Let me ask you... Are they, by any chance, forcing their work on you?
Shuuji: If you're asking whether they're bullying me into doing their work for them, then no. You don't have to worry about that.
Shuuji: Yesterday I helped out simply because I had nothing else to do anyway.
Kanae: I see. Good. Well, no, I called you here because it's NOT good either way... Anyway, try to not go along with people's requests so readily.
Shuuji: Sure thing.
Kanae: ...By the way, Hoshina. Do you have any plans to join a club?
Shuuji: A club...? Where did that come from? I'm in the second year already, you know?
Kanae: Well, like you said, you helped the girl from the Library Committee because you had nothing else to do, right?
Kanae: I just had the small hope that you'd accept fewer requests if you had more to do in your free time.
Shuuji: I'm not really interested in any clubs... And it would be a little awkward to join a club now, halfway through my second year...
Kanae: Right, friendships and such have already been established... I guess it'd be hard to blend in if you joined one now.
Shuuji: Exactly. And it's not like I'm a very sociable guy to begin with.
Kanae: Don't say that pathetic crap with such confidence, you idiot.
Kanae: It doesn't need to be a club, just anything... Anyway, that's enough. Just please be more careful from now on. That's all.
Shuuji: Okay, I'll excuse myself then. Thank you for the tea and ginger.
Kanae: Make sure you don't nap during afternoon classes.
*Having told her my thanks, I leave the faculty room.*
Shuuji: ...That's yet another person telling me the same thing.
*There's Kaidou, Kariya, and now Sensei. They're all worried about me in the same way.*
*I've been trying not to stand out, but... it seems my style of appeasing everyone by doing as they ask has been drawing attention. And not in a good way.*
Shuuji: But... I really don't want to get on everyone's bad side.
*Once, when I was a kid, I got a headache for several weeks straight because I did something that gave everyone a bad impression of me.*
*Man, was that a painful experience...*
Shuuji: Anyway, I should be a little more careful...
*I'm happy everyone's worried about me, but my senses react to that too.*
*I need to at least become able to accept other people's offers.*
*Class has been let out for the day. The classroom becomes alive with buzz.*
Hideaki: Alright, guess I'll go home. What about you, Shuuji? Got anything today as well?
Shuuji: Hm? Er, well... Kinda.
Hideaki: What is it? Don't tell me you promised to help with something yet again?
Shuuji: No, that's really not it today. I just have something I need to take care of.
*In the end, I couldn't find a good opportunity to talk to Ayachi-san.*
*Due to her popularity, she's always surrounded by other students. And this isn't really a topic we can discuss in front of others...*
Shuuji: Do you know where Ayachi-san went?
Hideaki: Nope. Not a clue... You need something with her?
Shuuji: Yeah, kinda.
Hideaki: Oh, interesting. How unusual for you. So the awkwardness this morning really wasn't my imagination?
Shuuji: It's nothing like you think. I was just worried about people seeing us together. It wouldn't take much to make all the guys here jealous.
Hideaki: Yeah... You have a point. All it took was a short conversation with her yesterday to get all the guys badgering me about what we talked about.
Hideaki: They wouldn't even shut up after I told them it was just small talk with her and Wakana-chan.
Shuuji: Just to be sure... You didn't tell anyone about "that," did you?
Hideaki: About her club? Nah. I mean, the guys would swarm her clubroom if they found out. Besides... Hehe.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Allow me to read your thoughts: "It's kinda nice knowing something about her no other guy does."
Hideaki: Would you stop guessing my thoughts?! Are you a real live esper or something? That shit's freaking scary, man.
Shuuji: Look, your face totally gives it away. Especially when you laugh like that.
*But also, I kind of understand how he feels...*
Shuuji: Anyway, I can't tag along with you today. Sorry. You'll have to go home without me.
Hideaki: Well, okay. If you say so.
Shuuji: See you.
*I casually wave goodbye and leave the classroom.*
*―A few minutes later.*
*I'm now standing in front of the Occult Club I discovered yesterday.*
*I figured she must have gone here since she wasn't in the classroom, but yeah... Somehow I'm awfully nervous. And I haven't even knocked on the door yet.*
Shuuji: Hoo, haa... Hoo, haa...
*I quickly take a few deep breathes in order to calm my nerves.*
*...Alright! Time to knock on the door!*
*I muster up my courage and knock―or at least I was about to. A sudden worry crosses my mind and interrupts me.*
Shuuji: (What if she's masturbating again...?)
*Yeah, that seems a bit doubtful. I mean, it's still bright outside and there's a ton of other students around, so normally thinking...*
*But wait, her jacking it in the library room was already way beyond "normal."*
Shuuji: H-Hmm...
Girl: Umm, hello?
Shuuji: Whoa?!
Girl: Ah! Wh-What's wrong?!
Shuuji: Y-You startled me... You suddenly called out to me...
Girl: I-I'm sorry. I didn't mean to surprise you... You actually startled me a little. 
Shuuji: Oh, I'm sorry too. I was just lost in my thoughts.
Shuuji: So... Do you need something?
Girl: Oh, right. Are you here for the OC? Do you maybe want to join the club?
Shuuji: Huh? No, sorry. I just need to talk to the girl here.
Girl: To Ayachi-san? Oh, are you maybe here to ask her out? I bet that's it. She's so cute!
Shuuji: No, I'm not here for that... Are you here to visit the OC too, Togakushi-senpai?
Toukou: Yes... Huh? Sorry if this is rude of me, but... have we ever talked before?
Shuuji: No, it's the first time we've met. I've just heard about you.
*The name of the girl standing before me is Togakushi Touko. She's an upperclassman.*
*Like I just mentioned, this is the first time we've met. The reason I know her name is because she's the Student Council President.*
*She's said to be very kind and very reliable. To the point that she's been elected as the Student Council President.*
*And, as you can see, she's very cute and has a banging body that her school uniform fails to fully hide.*
*If you were to describe "Ayachi Nene" as the idol of the second-year students, "Togakushi Touko" would be the idol of the third-years.*
*The Student Council got a huge surge of applicants after she became president. *
*And yeah... I can understand why.*
Touko: You've been standing in front of the door for a while now... Are you going to go in? Or not?
Touko: If the answer is no, I would appreciate it if you step aside. I'm sorry.
Shuuji: Oh, no. I'm sorry for getting in your way.
Touko: It's okay. Thanks. Are you sure you don't want to come in, though?
Touko: Oh, I know. If you don't want to go in by yourself, would you like to go in together with me? My business there won't take long, so you'll have the room to yourselves.
Shuuji: Oh, well... I guess I'll take you up on that.
Touko: Great! Then let's go in.
Shuuji: Thank you. But seriously, I'm not here to ask her out. Okay?
Touko: There's nothing to be embarrassed about. Your secret is safe with me.
*Togakushi-senpai proceeds to knock on the door while giggling cutely.*
Nene: Yes, the door is open.
Touko: I'm coming in.
Touko: Hello, Ayachi-san.
Nene: Hello Togakushi-senpai.
Shuuji: Hello.
Nene: Oh, Hoshina-kun!
*Ayachi-san can't hide her surprise at my sudden appearance.*
*Well, that figures.*
Nene: ......
Touko: Could I have a little of your time? I need to talk to you.
Nene: Sure, I don't mind, but, umm... well... Why is Hoshina-kun with you?
Touko: Hoshina-kun...? Is that your name?
Shuuji: Ah, yeah. I'm Hoshina Shuuji.
Nene: Wait... You reported me to the Student Council?
Touko: Reported? Reported... what?
Nene: Well, um, how I ma... ma-ma-ma-maaaa―
Shuuji: No, I haven't! Calm down! I haven't told anyone! You're gonna give yourself away!
Nene: But then why are you two together?
Touko: We just happened to meet outside the room.
Shuuji: That's really it.
*I sound like a guy denying that he's cheating.*
*...No. I have to get serious here.*
Nene: Oh, I see...
Touko: Hmm... How mysterious. It's very unusual for you to lose your composure. Something must be going on.
Touko: But I'm guessing that's a secret between you two. And something tells me it's quite a big one... Mufufu.
Nene: W-Well... Ahh...
Touko: Sorry, sorry. It's okay. I won't ask any further questions about that. I've come here for another reason.
Nene: And that would be... about the matter you've been mentioning for a while now?
Touko: Yes. You know how I'm going to retire as president soon and a new one will take over, right?
Touko: It may turn out that we will need you to vacate this room when that happens... It'll take time to determine who gets it next, after all.
Nene: I see...
Shuuji: ...Huh? Why would she have to vacate?
Touko: As you might already know, Ayachi-san is currently the only member of the Occult Club.
Touko: It's been like that since last year, which means the club is short on the required number of members...
Touko: The other students are complaining about how a single person has a clubroom all to herself. Especially those in the bigger clubs.
Shuuji: So basically, you're kicking her out of this clubroom?
Touko: Hmm... I suppose so, yes. I'm not entirely happy about it myself, but... this is my responsibility as the president.
Touko: So, Ayachi-san... It's like I said.
Nene: I understand. I guess there is no way around it.
Touko: Ah, but listen! You'll be okay as long as the club reaches three members by October. Just like I said at the start of the school year.
Touko: There's still time, so don't give up!
Nene: Okay, I understand. Thank you very much.
Touko: Alright. That's all I have to say. I'll leave you two kiddies alone now.
Touko: Good luck! Ah, but don't forget... No dirty business at school, okay?
Shuuji: I keep telling you, that's not what this is about!
Touko: Mufufu! Bye now~
*Togakushi-senpai waves goodbye with a smile and leaves the OC clubroom.*
*And, as a result...*
Nene: ......
Shuuji: ......
*It's just the two of us left here.*
*A lot of guys would kill to be in this situation. Maybe even literally. I shudder to think what would happen if everyone found out about this.*
*Except, this time...*
Nene: ......
*...It's the girl in front of me who looks ready to kill.*
Nene: So... What brings you here?
Shuuji: It's about yesterday.
Nene: Yesterday... So it really wasn't just a dream...
Shuuji: Ah, y-yeah... Sorry, but I'm pretty sure it wasn't.
Nene: ......
Shuuji: But, hey! Y-You looked very pretty! I mean, I couldn't help but be captivated by―
Nene: ―――!
Nene: I'm done... Kill me... Just kill me now... 
Shuuji: Oh, uh, let me take that back. I was just trying to make you feel better and chose the wrong words. Sorry. Really, I'm sorry!
*I'm pretty crap at talking, so my attempts at cheering people up usually have the opposite effect.*
*I should just stop trying and cut to the chase.*
Shuuji: I came here for another reason.
Nene: Wh... What is it?
Shuuji: Here. It's your Student ID card. You dropped it in the library. I came here to bring it to you. And also...
Shuuji: During class, you seemed worried about what I might do, so I wanted to talk things through with you.
Nene: ...You want to talk things through?
Shuuji: Right. But I didn't want to do it in the classroom, because what if the others overheard us? Considering the, uh... subject matter.
Nene: Y... Yes, of course.
Shuuji: Umm... What happened yesterday was 100\% by accident. I just so happened to be in the library at that time.
Shuuji: I know I should have come out and said something while Hisashima-sensei was there, but once I missed the timing, it felt like I couldn't anymore.
Shuuji: I'm really sorry! I'm sorry, I, umm... peeped.
Nene: Ah, no, err... well... It's also my own fault... I know that I'm the one who is mostly to blame...
Shuuji: I swear to you that I won't tell anyone about yesterday. In fact, I'll try my best to forget about it entirely.
Shuuji: %76;......But I honestly doubt I can.
Nene: That figures.
Shuuji: Ah?! You heard that?!
Shuuji: I-I'll try! I'll really try to forget! I'll drop this topic forever and not mention it to you or anyone else!
Shuuji: I'm sorry for bringing this topic up again.
Nene: No, that's okay. Thank you for talking to me about it, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: I hope that will give you at least some peace of mind... Besides that, I don't want this to sound tacked on, but... Ayachi-san?
Nene: Y-Yes? What is it?
Shuuji: This may be none of my business, but... are you troubled by anything? I can't promise that I'll be able to help you, but I can at least lend an ear to your worries.
Nene: ―――!
Nene: I-It's not how you think it is. I'm not really troubled by anything or stressed... I-I just have my circumstances...
Shuuji: ...Circumstances?
Nene: ...Yes. You know, special circumstances due to being a girl...
Shuuji: I-Is that so? Huh, okay... Sounds rough.
Nene: ......
*Circumstances that make her pleasure herself in the library, huh?*
*How very interesting.*
*......*
*Yeah, that's a load of bull. Sorry, Ayachi-san, but I find that a little hard to swallow.*
Nene: I can't believe how worried I made him over this... He must think I'm weird, that there's something wrong me with. Why is this happening?
Nene: ...This is all my fault. Of course it is. What was I thinking? Masturbating in the library...? Ahhh! I'm the worst. I'm human trash!
*Ayachi-san mutters shakily to herself, her face bright red. I'm starting to feel sorry for her...*
*I can't make out everything she's saying, but she's definitely freaking out. That much is clear.*
Shuuji: Anyway, I won't tell anyone. I promise you.
Nene: Th-Thank you very much...
*I'm not sure you should be thanking me in this situation...*
*Honestly, I have no idea how to react anymore. This is beyond awkward.*
Shuuji: A-Alright, then. I think I'll be on my way now.
Nene: Ah, no, please wait a moment!
Shuuji: Huh?
Nene: Hnngh!
*Following a really loud "clonk," Ayachi-san crouches down and clutches her knee.*
*It seems like she banged her knee against a table leg pretty hard.*
Nene: Hyaah, uhnnn~~~
Shuuji: Are you... No, I guess you aren't. Want me to go fetch some salve or something from the infirmary?
Nene: I-I'm fine... Ugh, it hurts...
*Now that I've seen this side of her, I wonder if Ayachi-san is secretly a really big klutz?*
*All sorts of stuff has been scattered around her on the floor.*
*Tarot cards, a small decorative skull, Ayachi-san's writing materials and so on. *
*The stuff on the corner of the table probably fell off when she banged her knee against it.*
Shuuji: Here, I'll get those for you. You can just sit there and recover.
Nene: I'm sorry...
Shuuji: I just hope nothing's broken.
*I bend down and start returning all the things from the floor to the table.*
Shuuji: So, what's the matter, Ayachi-san? Why did you stop me when I went to leave?
Nene: Well, umm... Do you mind if I chat a little with you?
Shuuji: Chat? With me? W-Wait, you mean...
Nene: I wanted to discuss something with you. Is there really nothing that is troubling you?
Shuuji: Oh, right. It's about that...
Shuuji: Well, I dunno... I can't really think of... Oh?
*There's an unusual object among the things on the floor.*
*It's some kind of... decorative glass item? Er, a bottle?*
*It has a very pretty, artful design. And... there's something shining inside, though I don't know what.*
*Is this thing some kind of fortune-telling prop?*
*I reach out for the alluring bottle.*
Shuuji: This is... really pretty.
Nene: Ah, wait―
*But then something strange happens.*
Shuuji: Huh? What's happening...? It's shining?
Nene: ...What?
*What a mysterious light...*
*It's different from your standard LED light. It's a soft light that makes me feel anxious just looking at it.*
*It's warm, yet cold and pitiful... My chest tightens up at the indescribable mix of emotions it evokes. What is this light...*
Nene: Wh-What? What is happening?
Shuuji: Huh? How should I know? Wait, you don't know what's happening, either?
Nene: I've never seen it shine like this before. What did you do?
Shuuji: Nothing. Really. All I did was pick it up...
*The light grows stronger during the course of our conversation.*
*Until finally, it bursts into a brilliant flash.*
Nene: Kyah!
Shuuji: Whoa?!
*Light fills the room and paints my vision white. I reflexively cover my eyes with my arm.*
Shuuji: Agh, so bright!
*A mysterious sight is waiting for me once I regain my vision.*
Shuuji: ...What is this?
*Countless small feathers flutter around us.*
*Where did they come from? Why are they shining? These aren't ordinary feathers.*
Nene: Feathers... Are those... fragments? But why?
Shuuji: ...What are these?
*I cup my hands and try to follow the movements of the feathers.*
*I manage to catch one and bring it to my chest.*
*Wh-What is this...? This feather is ridiculously hot...*
*Why would a feather be so hot? And... why is my body growing so hot as well? It's like the heat of the feather is flowing into me.*
Shuuji: Kgh!
*I try to fling the feather away but... I can't move?!*
*More and more feathers gather in my cupped hands, and then... they sink into my palms.*
Shuuji: Uwah, ah, aaaahh!
*H-Huh? What happened?*
*Did I fall unconscious?*
*My vision just suddenly turned white.*
Mysterious Voice 1: Why is it always her?
*What? Was that someone's voice?*
*That wasn't Ayachi-san... was it?*
Mysterious Voice 1: I'm working just as hard as her. Why can't I be a starter too?!
*...A starter? Is that about a sports team? What's going on?*
*My question goes cruelly ignored, and instead...*
Mysterious Voice 2: Why do I act so nervous around people? *sigh* I wish I was more confident.
*Another voice?*
Mysterious Voice 3: Oh my god! I never thought Takayasu-kun would accept my confession and go out with me! I'm so happy. I don't know what to do with myself!
*Who the hell is Takayasu? And what the hell is going on, anyway? Why is some random girl telling me about the dude she started dating?*
Mysterious Voice 4: I can't believe he really cheated on me... How could he do this to me?
*The visions ignore my questions and continue playing out, one after the other.*
*All of them about different people, none of whom I know. Their emotions flow into me along with their voices.*
*Jealousy. Anxiety. Joy. Sadness. With each new voice comes another strong emotion. They're piled up and forcibly mixed, but none of them blend together.*
*Holy crap... This is a level of discomfort that doesn't begin to compare to what I usually feel. It's like hot oil flowing down my chest.*
*I think I'm gonna be sick.*
Mysterious Voice 5: Hoshina-kun?
*Uhh... Ahh...*
Mysterious Voice 5: Please wake up, Hoshina-kun!
Shuuji: Ahh! *pant pant*... A-Ayachi-san?
*I suppress my nausea and force my eyes open.*
*In front of me is Ayachi-san staring at me out of concern.*
*The countless feathers dancing through the air are now nowhere to be seen.*
Nene: Are you okay?
Shuuji: Yeah, I'm okay... Actually, no, I'm not. Ugh.
*I guess I'm still affected by that waking dream I just had... I feel pretty sick.*
Shuuji: So... What just happened? Were those feathers part of your fortune-telling show or something? Where'd they all go?
Nene: Like I already said earlier, I'm just as clueless as you are.
Nene: From what I saw... the feathers didn't just disappear―they sunk into you.
Shuuji: Like, inside me? So I wasn't just seeing things?
Nene: No, I don't think so. I saw it happen too.
Shuuji: ...Then what was that light and those feathers? I just touched that glass bottle and light suddenly―
Shuuji: ―Hmm?
*I can't put my finger down on what, exactly, but something is off about the bottle. Something's different about it compared to how it was before...*
Nene: This hasn't ever happened before. How strange. Why did it... Huh?
Shuuji: ...Ayachi-san? What is it?
Nene: Huh? What? Th-They're gone? Th-They're gone! The fragments are gone!
Shuuji: Fragments?
*Oh, right. What felt odd about the bottle is that it's now empty.*
*So... wait. Where did its contents go?*
Nene: Wh-Why...? Where did they go? The fragments I've been collecting for so long... So they really were those feathers from earlier...
*Ayachi-san really wears her emotions on her sleeve when she's flustered. That's unexpected.*
*This is a surprising side to her. I always considered her to be much more graceful.*
Shuuji: Umm, Ayachi-san, you need to return to your sen―I mean, please calm down.
Nene: Oh right...
Nene: Those feathers all went inside you, didn't they?
Shuuji: Huh? Oh... yeah. It seems so, though I dunno what happened since I fell unconscious.
Nene: Did you experience anything strange while you were out?
Shuuji: Let me think... I guess my body grew weirdly hot? Besides that... I saw some kind of waking dream. Like I was hearing auditory hallucinations.
Nene: ...Really?
Shuuji: Yeah. They were voices from people who were frustrated or angry about something...
Shuuji: There was also someone who was happy about hooking up with her crush. Her crush being... Takayasu-kun, I think? She was super happy and―Wah?!
Nene: Those are my fragments! There's no mistake!
Shuuji: A-A-Ayachi-san?!
Nene: Give my fragments back to me! I'm begging you!
Shuuji: Look, I have no clue what you're talking about! Stop shaking me! Oh, crap. This is bad! My lunch is coming back out!
Nene: Those feathers were my fragments, and you absorbed them!
Shuuji: What are you talking about?! Explain yourself―No, first, stop shaking me! I'll be in trouble if you keep shaking me! You have to stop!
Nene: I'm the one in trouble here! Give me back my heart fragments!
Shuuji: How am I supposed to―Oh god, it's happening. Things are gonna get ugly if you shake me any more.
Shuuji: This is bad! Let go of my neck! I'll let it all out if you shake me this much! All of it!
Nene: Let it out! Hurry and let it out! All of it!
Shuuji: Ah! Ahh! It's coming up my throat! Oh my god, it's coming up! Nooo, don't shake meeeee! Ughh!
Nene: Give them back to meeeee!
Shuuji: ■×◎§〒☆◆ДДД
Shuuji: *pant*... *pant*...
Nene: I'm sorry. I... lost myself there...
Shuuji: No, i-it's okay... Yeah, it's all good.
Nene: So, umm... How are you feeling?
Shuuji: A bit better now that I've thrown up, though I'm still a little queasy.
*It was close, but thankfully I managed to hold it in until I got to the bathroom.*
*There's no way I would throw up on Ayachi-san!*
Shuuji: Umm, I believe I managed to hold it in, but... I didn't get any on you, did I?
Nene: No, I'm fine.
Shuuji: Okay. That's good.
Shuuji: So, umm, back on topic... You were demanding that I return something to you. "Heart fragments," was it?
Nene: ...Yes.
Shuuji: Those are what disappeared from inside the glass bottle, correct? And I've absorbed them...
Nene: ...That's right.
Shuuji: I don't know what to make of that... What are these heart fragments?
Nene: Before I answer that, please be honest with me. Are you a witch?
Shuuji: ...A witch?
Shuuji: Umm... I take it that's not a code word?
Nene: As you might expect from the name, "heart fragments" are fragments of strong human emotions such as joy, anger, sadness and fun.
Shuuji: ......
Nene: Judging by how confused you look, I suppose you really aren't acting.
Shuuji: Umm... So, you've been gathering those "heart fragments"?
Nene: Yes.
Shuuji: I... I see.
*Normally, I'd dismiss this whole concept as total nonsense.*
*Except...*
Nene: ......
*Ayachi-san looks at me, stone-faced.*
*She's serious.*
*And I can tell from my ability that she's being completely earnest. There's no sign of her messing with me.*
Shuuji: Hmmm...
Nene: I suppose that story is a little too hard to believe, after all...
Shuuji: Oh, well... What should I say... It certainly does sound unscientific.
Shuuji: But I did see those feathers go inside me, so... I don't think you're lying or delusional or anything.
Shuuji: I'm just trying to process it all...
Nene: ...That makes sense. I'm sorry I rushed you.
Shuuji: Hey, that's fine. That just shows how important it is to you.
Shuuji: Umm... I want to ask you something. Are those feathers the only reason you think I've absorbed your heart fragments?
Nene: No, there's another reason. Earlier, you mentioned the name "Takayasu," right?
Shuuji: Yeah, I did. I heard that name at some point during my waking dream.
Nene: And you don't know anyone by that name, correct?
Shuuji: Yeah. That was the first time I've ever heard that name. Is that someone you know?
Nene: Yes. Takayasu-senpai is an upperclassman here at our school.
Shuuji: Oh, really?
Nene: He apparently started dating a girl from his class last month. He was very happy about it, since it's his first girlfriend.
Shuuji: You know an awful lot about that.
Nene: I read the love fortune of the girl that this Takayasu-senpai started dating.
Nene: I also gave her some advice on how to hook up with him.
*So that was something she did as part of the Occult Club?*
Nene: Once she successfully hooked up with him, I sent a small part of her happiness into that bottle.
Shuuji: So then, what I heard was...
Nene: Her feelings were stored within the fragment. You likely experienced some of the memories contained within...
Nene: Did you hear anything else? For instance... a girl concerned about her performance during sporting events, or someone who had a fight with her friend?
Shuuji: No, neither of those two.
Nene: Well then... What someone frustrated by not becoming a regular, or someone distressed by their cheating boyfriend?
Shuuji: Umm... Yeah, I heard those. One was mad, or maybe jealous because they couldn't become a regular, and the other was upset by their boyfriend cheating on them.
Shuuji: So, basically, these are all problems girls came to you with and you helped resolve?
Nene: Yes. That's right.
Shuuji: Then you're offering counseling here at the Occult Club in order to... gather those heart fragments?
Nene: Yes... You have that right.
*I see now. Her hiding this fact must've been the reason why I perceived something was off when she said she wanted to help with my problems.*
Shuuji: You said those heart fragments are strong emotions, right? Then that means you're able to gather some whenever you help someone with their problems?
Nene: Yes, that is correct, for the most part.
Nene: The human heart is very fragile. It is important to keep the right balance. If the scales tip towards one strong emotion, the balance gets destroyed, which is not good.
Nene: Even if it's happiness, if there's too much of it, the balance will be destroyed and you'll suffer negative side effects.
Shuuji: Side effects...?
Shuuji: You mean like how some people who really love their work will grow apathetic once they retire?
Nene: Right. You could probably count that as an example.
Nene: Hence, a balance must be maintained in one's heart. The excess emotions extracted for that purpose are "heart fragments."
Shuuji: ......
*I more or less understand everything she just said... I'm pretty sure, at least.*
*I can tell she's not lying, I saw those feathers enter into my body, and I heard those voices for myself.*
*But still... This is all uncharted territory for me. I have an endless amount of questions.*
Shuuji: Ayachi-san.
Nene: Yes.
Shuuji: Let's say I fully believe you for the moment... How am I supposed to return your fragments to you?
Nene: Huh? Oh, well...
Shuuji: ......
Nene: ......
Shuuji: Um... You have no idea, do you?
Nene: Yes... I'm so sorry.
Shuuji: It's okay. You don't have to apologize. But now what?
*I'd love to give them back to her, but I can't do so if I don't know how.*
*Utterly stumped, the two of us fall into an awkward silence.*
*Then, with almost perfect timing, someone knocks on the door.*
Nene: Ah! Yes?
Kanae: You're still here, Ayachi?
Kanae: ...Oh, and if it isn't Hoshina.
Shuuji: Hisashima-sensei? What are you doing here?
Kanae: You took the words right out of my mouth. What are YOU doing here?
Shuuji: Well, um... You know, for stuff.
Kanae: ...? I sure hope you're not up to anything funny.
Shuuji: Not doing anything wrong here.
Nene: So, what do you need, Sensei?
Kanae: It's time to lock up the building. You need to hand over the clubroom key and return home promptly.
Nene: What? It's this late already?
Shuuji: She's right. It's dark outside.
Kanae: We might have to suspend your club activities if you stay any longer without permission.
Nene: B-But...
Shuuji: Ayachi-san, staying here won't get us anywhere, anyway. Don't you think it's better if we calm down for now and think about this later?
Nene: ......
Nene: You're right... Okay.
Kanae: Are you done talking now? Then come on. Hurry up and leave.
Shuuji: Umm... So what's the plan now?
Nene: I'll try to calm down and take my time thinking it through, like you suggested. There is also someone I want to consult about this.
Shuuji: You have someone you can talk to about this?
Nene: Yes. The person who first taught me about heart fragments.
Shuuji: I guess we should call it a day, then. Alright. I'll be on my way home. What about you?
Nene: I want to go and see that person right away.
Shuuji: Just tell me if you learn anything new or want to try something out. I'll return those fragments to you if I can.
Nene: Okay. Thank you. Umm, could you give me your number, just in case?
Shuuji: Oh, yeah. Of course.
*I take out my phone and exchange numbers with her.*
*I never thought I'd exchange numbers with such a cute girl... Damn, that's pretty exciting.*
*Though, I shouldn't be too happy about it, considering the situation we're in.*
Nene: I will contact you as soon as I learn something.
Shuuji: Alright. Oh, it's already dark, so let me see you to that person's place.
Nene: There's no need for that; it's very close. Well then, farewell.
Shuuji: Oh, okay. See you.
*With our goodbyes out of the way, Ayachi-san takes her leave.*
*Seeing how much she panicked, I guess those heart fragments were really important to her.*
Shuuji: I'd like to return them to her, but how?
*I have no idea what to do.*
================================================================================
Mysterious Voice 1: I'm gonna become a regular this time... I'll definitely become one!
*Again.*
Mysterious Voice 3: I'm finally dating Takayasu-kun, all thanks to Ayachi-san. I'm so glad I talked to her.
*However... This time around, the voices are quieter... Or maybe more distant?*
*The emotional reaction I'm experiencing is also a lot less intense than at the Occult Club.*
*This much should be...*
Shuuji: Mh... Mhh.
*I stretch out and slowly wake up.*
*...Yeah, I'm feeling fine today.*
*Looks like I got over my nausea from yesterday.*
Shuuji: The voices felt a lot more distant. I should be able to sleep okay as long as it stays like this.
Shuuji: Though, I'm still feeling kind of tired today.
*I should hurry and get up.*
*Dad might come to wake me up if I waste too much time.*
*I don't want to deal with his nonsense in my current mood. Why can't he act his age and be calmer?*
Shuuji: Oh, right!
*I pick up my phone I left on my desk.*
*No new texts... I was hoping Ayachi-san would send one.*
Shuuji: Does that mean... there was no progress?
Shuuji: Or was it all just a dream. Or some kind of elaborate joke?
*I wish.*
*But after thinking it through, it's apparent that what happened yesterday was very real.*
*Besides, my dream last night was the same as the waking dream yesterday.*
Shuuji: This is too much to chalk up to coincidence. Which means, those "heart fragments" really are inside me...
*Even though it's not my fault, I still feel really guilty about having stolen something of Ayachi-san's.*
Shuuji: Why don't I just text her instead?
**ba-dump* *ba-dump**
Shuuji: "Good morning, Ayachi-san. This is Hoshina. Have you learned anything new regarding the matter from yesterday?" Looks good.
Shuuji: A normal text like this should be fine to send, right?
Shuuji: Okay, time to send it... Just, send it......
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: L-Let's not text her after all.
*I know it's just a freaking text, but embarrassment, mixed with a variety of other emotions, gets in my way. I ultimately can't press the send button.*
Taichi: Alright, Dad is gonna be on his way now. Don't forget to lock the house when you leave.
Shuuji: Sure. See you.
Taichi: See you lateeer!
Shuuji: Keep it down, Dad. You're disturbing the neighbors.
*Thanks to his energetic personality, it's always bright and cheerful at home.*
*I feel like that personality of his actually does a lot for me. Though, that doesn't change how annoying he can be...*
Shuuji: Okay, time to go.
*After checking that the windows are locked and the gas is turned off, I leave the house.*
*―Around 10 minutes of walking later.*
*Just a stone's throw away from the school gate stands a person I didn't expect to see.*
Nene: Good morning, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Ayachi-san... Good morning. What are you doing here?
Nene: I have been waiting for you. There's a place I'd like for you to accompany me to.
Shuuji: Is this about yesterday?
Nene: Yes. When I talked to the person I mentioned, she said she wanted to meet you in person before coming to any conclusions...
Nene: So, would you please come with me?
Shuuji: You want us to skip school and go there right now?
Nene: If possible, yes. I don't want to wait anymore.
Shuuji: ......
*I'm a little hesitant to skip school.*
*But resolving this matter with Ayachi-san is important. I doubt this will take the entire day, anyway.*
Shuuji: Okay. I'll come.
Nene: Thank you very much.
*I guess I'll give Kaidou a call and have him tell Hisashima-sensei that I'm going to be late.*
Shuuji: This is the place?
*I look up at the building Ayachi-san led me to, dumbfounded.*
Nene: Yes. This cafe is owned by my acquaintance.
Shuuji: Sh... Shwar-zey?
Nene: "Schwarze Katze." That's German for "black cat."
Nene: The person I'd like for you to meet is inside.
*...I dunno how to feel about going to such a chic cafe while skipping school.*
Nene: Alright. Let's enter.
Shuuji: The sign says it's closed, though.
Nene: It's fine. She is expecting us.
Nene: And what we're here to discuss will be a little... no, very strange. It's better if no one else is around.
Shuuji: Yeah, makes sense.
Nanao: Welcome.
*We enter the cafe and are greeted by a pretty and mature woman.*
*...Birds of a feather flock together. Where there's one pretty girl, there's always more.*
Nene: Nanao, this is the boy I told you about yesterday.
Nanao: I've heard what happened from Nene. Umm... 
Shuuji: I'm Hoshina Shuuji, nice to meet you.
Nanao: Likewise. My name is Souma Nanao. I'm the owner of this cafe.
Shuuji: Souma-san it is, then.
Nanao: ......
*She looks me over head to toe.*
*Gotta say, I feel pretty nervous getting appraised like this.*
Nanao: Hrm... I see. I feel something in him. He's close to us... or maybe more of a mix? How unusual.
Nene: A mix? What do you mean by that?
Nanao: Why don't I go ahead and take your orders first? It'll take awhile to explain all this.
Nanao: I know how you feel, Nene, but you should try to calm down. I'll brew you the good stuff.
Nene: ......
Nene: Okay. Then I'll go with a Darjeeling.
Nanao: What about you, Hoshina-kun? I personally recommend our house blend. How about it, if you don't dislike coffee?
Shuuji: Oh, sure. I'll take that, then.
Nanao: Very well.
*Souma-san starts expertly brewing our tea and coffee.*
*A nice scent starts wafting through the cafe before long.*
*Man, hand-brewed coffee is completely different from the instant stuff.*
*I watch Souma-san in fascination until she brings us our orders a few minutes later.*
Nanao: Here is your coffee.
Shuuji: Thank you.
*Lured in by the fragrance, I take my first sip.*
*Whoa! This is good... It's black, yet still pleasant to drink.*
Nanao: Here is your Darjeeling tea.
Nene: Thank you very much.
*Ayachi-san also takes a sip of her black tea.*
*Now that the two of us have settled in, Souma-san begins to talk.*
Nanao: Now then, time for the explanation.
Nanao: I'll start with the conclusion: It is most likely possible to recover the heart fragments you absorbed.
Nanao: Do you already know what those fragments are?
Shuuji: Yeah, Ayachi-san explained it to me... Why is it only "most likely"?
Nanao: This is the first time I've seen a situation like this. I don't know what to expect from it, so I can't guarantee anything. But it should still be possible.
Nanao: Though, we won't be able to fix things anytime soon.
Nanao: And whether it gets fixed or not is up to you, Hoshina-kun. You're the only one capable of solving this problem.
Shuuji: R-Really?
Nanao: You're probably wondering why you've absorbed the "heart fragments" in the first place. There is a good reason for that.
Shuuji: That reason being...?
Nanao: Hoshina-kun, you probably have a hole in your heart.
Shuuji: A... hole?
Nanao: Not a physical hole, but a psychological one. There is a big, gaping hole in your heart.
Nanao: The human heart is a very fragile thing. Even small emotions can throw its balance off, which can sometimes lead to them getting chipped or having a hole open inside them.
Nene: A hole...? You've never told me anything about this.
Nanao: Of course. It's rare to see in one so young. I thought there would be no need for you to know.
Shuuji: Is it really that unusual?
Nanao: It is. "Having a hole in one's heart" means, how to put it... "Having resigned oneself." Does that make it a little bit clearer?
Nene: Accepting resignation?
Nanao: You have something big chewing away at you, right? Yet you have completely given up on doing something about it. Am I wrong?
Shuuji: ......
Nanao: Holes most commonly open up in the hearts of people who have given up on solving their problems.
Nanao: They accept their fates as unchangeable and give up on ever doing anything about it. Does that ring a bell with you, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Well...
*Souma-san's words have thoroughly captured the state of my mind.*
*I avert my eyes out of embarrassment. It's like she has seen right through me.*
Nanao: Looks like it does. That means the hole in your heart must have pulled in those fragments. Hearts possess the ability to try and heal their wounds, you see.
Nanao: However, fragments of other people's emotions can't fill your heart.
Nene: So then... how can we recover those fragments?
Nanao: Hoshina-kun's heart needs to be filled. Basically, whatever issue is eating away at him needs to be resolved.
Nanao: And in order to do so, he needs to tell us what that issue is...
Nene: Umm, Hoshina-kun...?
Shuuji: ......
*All eyes gather on me.*
*It's a little uncomfortable being the focus of attention, but there's no hiding from their gazes.*
*......*
*Now that it's come to this, I get the feeling that Ayachi-san will look at me with distrust no matter what I say here.*
*I may as well just tell them the truth.*
Shuuji: Alright.
*I make up my mind and explain to them how I can perceive the feelings of others through my five senses and provide specific examples of this happening.*
Nanao: You can sense other people's emotions? I see. That's certainly not the kind of thing you can freely tell others about.
Shuuji: I've been told that it could be a highly developed level of sensitivity or multi-modal synesthesia, or that I could even be an empath. Doctors can't figure out what it is, and there probably isn't a cure either way.
Nanao: Yeah, since it's a condition, not a disease.
Nene: Umm... May I ask you a question?
Shuuji: Go ahead.
Nene: Does that mean that you, for instance, know what I'm thinking right now?
Shuuji: No. My senses aren't that developed. I can't read thoughts. I can only roughly sense the feelings of others, and nothing more.
Shuuji: I can tell when someone is lying or hiding something, but I can't tell what it is they're hiding.
Nanao: Either way, we can assume that's the reason for the hole in your heart.
Nene: So, if we want to fill the hole in his heart, we have to do something about that ability of his, right?
Shuuji: Why do I even have this ability, anyway?
Nanao: Hm? Have you not discussed this with your parents?
Shuuji: Huh? My dad knows about it, but we haven't talked about it in detail. Why do you ask?
Nanao: And what about your mother?
Shuuji: My mom passed away in an accident when I was just two years old...
Nanao: I see... Um, I'm sorry for bringing that up.
Shuuji: It's okay. I don't really remember her, after all.
Nanao: I see... I suppose that is why you haven't been told anything.
Shuuji: ......?
Nene: Do you know some way to fill the hole?
Nanao: In practice, I can't think of any way to do so at the current moment.
Nene: O-Oh, I see...
Shuuji: Then what about in theory?
Nanao: In theory, you need to no longer feel resigned to your fate.
Nanao: You basically need to find a way to live happily with your ability.
Shuuji: Live happily, huh...? Easier said than done.
Nanao: Indeed. Your outlook on life isn't something you can just change on a whim, is it? 
Nene: So that's why you said you can't think of a way to go about it in practice.
Nanao: There's no one answer to this problem. Whatever the solution ends up being, it ultimately ends up depending on his heart.
Nene: ......
*I feel a pang of guilt upon seeing Ayachi-san's expression.*
*It may have been an accident, but that doesn't change that it was me who stole her fragments. I want to do something about it, but what? Can I compensate her by offering something else?*
*Wait, before that...*
Shuuji: So, I know that these heart fragments are important to you, or that you really need them, but... why? What are you gathering them for?
Nene: Well, umm...
*She avoids answering. Maybe this is a sensitive topic for her?*
Shuuji: Oh, well, I just thought maybe I could give you something of equal value... Did I ask something I shouldn't have?
Nanao: ...Not exactly. Well, we've already come this far. And besides, you're not entirely unrelated to it.
Shuuji: What?
Nene: What do you mean by that?
Nanao: Hoshina-kun, you asked why you have this ability a short while ago. I know the answer to that.
Nanao: The ability you possess is magic.
Shuuji: ......Huh?
Nanao: I'm not trying to pull your leg. I know you must be confused, but hear me out.
Shuuji: S-Sure...
Nanao: As hard as it may be to believe, magic does in fact exist. Though, it can't be used as freely as you might imagine.
Nanao: A person may only use magic once in their life, and they must meet certain conditions in order to do so. One of them is to become a witch and fulfill a certain contract.
Nanao: That "contract" being the most important part here... I'm sure you can imagine what I'm hinting at, yes?
Shuuji: It requires you to gather heart fragments?
Nanao: That's right.
Shuuji: Witches... Magic... None of this is meant figuratively, is it?
Nanao: No. I meant all of that literally. You're able to tell whether I'm lying or joking, right? 
Shuuji: Well... yeah. I don't detect anything strange from you.
*At least, there aren't any signs of her lying or joking.*
Nanao: Then let's continue. Heart fragments are necessary because magic requires mana, and mana doesn't just exist naturally.
Nanao: Mana is sourced from the strong emotions and feelings of the human heart.
Nanao: The contract essentially allows you to fulfill a wish of yours by collecting this mana.
Shuuji: So, basically... Ayachi-san has been gathering heart fragments in order to fulfill a wish of hers.
Nanao: The contract is considered complete when their heart fragment bottle is completely filled.
*And I completely screwed up that process.*
Nanao: We call humans who gather heart fragments for that purpose "witches."
Nanao: And now, to the main part... Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Yeah?
Nanao: Your mother was most likely a witch.
Shuuji: ......Come again?
Nanao: I'm sure she gathered heart fragments, just like Nene, in order to make a wish of hers come true.
Shuuji: Really? My mom was a witch?
Nanao: In all likelihood. I noticed right when I first saw you... I can sense traces of magic within you.
Nanao: Your ability to sense the feelings of others... I would guess it's a part of your mother's magic you inherited.
Shuuji: Then... my mom had the same ability? And she obtained that ability because she wished for it?
Nanao: No, I doubt it was the same ability. It was likely much stronger than yours. Beyond "sensing people's emotions" and more like "reading people's minds."
Nanao: You've inherited only a portion of it.
Shuuji: My mom could do that... And that's something she wanted?
Nanao: I would guess that the presence of magic is also why the heart fragments reacted to you.
Shuuji: ......
Nene: Umm... I have a question...
*Ayachi-san gingerly interposes.*
Nanao: What is it?
Nene: Can't Hoshina-kun just form a witch contract and get rid of his ability that way?
Nanao: No. That is not possible, unfortunately. Magic can only be used one time, and Hoshina-kun already has magic within him. He is not able to form a contract.
Nanao: Besides, you shouldn't form contracts carelessly. Nene, don't you know that better than anyone?
Nene: Well...
Shuuji: Huh? What do you mean?
Nene: ......
Nanao: Witches form a contract, which means that there needs to be something both parties pay the other.
Shuuji: That's what the mana witches gather is for, isn't it?
Nanao: That's simply the resource you need to activate the magic and grant your wish. The contract payment is something else entirely.
Shuuji: And that would be...?
Nanao: Witches who have formed a contract have to pay another mana cost using their own emotions.
Nanao: That mana is extracted rather forcibly. And, most importantly, a contract can't be canceled once it is formed. You have no choice but to fulfill it.
Shuuji: Almost sounds like a contract with a demon. That's harsh.
Nanao: Yes, you have the right idea. A witch is someone who has sold their souls to a demon.
Shuuji: So that means mana, or basically a strong emotion, gets forcibly extracted from Ayachi-san as well?
Nene: ―――!
Nanao: Exactly. In Nene's case, that emotion is―
Nene: Oh my god noooo! Please stooooop! He doesn't need to know about that!
*Ayachi-san covers Souma-san's mouth in a fluster.*
*Why is she blushing so much? Is it something that bad?*
*Some sort of strong emotion is being evoked within her, which she can't suppress...*
Shuuji: Ahh! Is that why you were masturbating in the library?!
Nene: NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!
Shuuji: Oh, sorry... I just sorta let that slip...
Nanao: Nene... You did what...?
Nene: Wh-Wh-Wh-What was I supposed to do?! You just said so yourself, Nanao! You can't go against it. It's not my fault I get aroused...
Nanao: Still... Doing it in the library is just wrong.
Nene: But I've never been caught doing it there before. Hoshina-kun seeing me do it yesterday was the first time...
Shuuji: What?! You mean this is something you do there often?!
Nene: ―――!
Shuuji: ......
Nene: Ugh... Aah... This can't be happening... What am I doing... This isn't real. It's not. It can't be...
Nanao: I don't know why you would risk doing it in a public place like the library.
Nene: Well... Umm...
Shuuji: Is there some reason for it? Does the contract force you to do it there or something?!
Nene: No, umm... The arousal comes with different intensities. Doing it normally isn't enough when it gets really bad. And, well, nothing works better than the round desk corners in the library...
Shuuji: ...Oh, I see.
*She actually has her favorite desks for it! Man, that's some expert-level stuff right there!*
*She's more into masturbating than I thought she was. She's a real master masturbator.*
Nene: This sucks... It doesn't get any worse than this... I can't take it anymore. I'm going home...
Nanao: Oh, calm down.
Nanao: Anyway, in Nene's case, the emotion extracted is "arousal."
Shuuji: Sooo... Basically, she gets sexually excited?
Nanao: It would be better to say she is forcibly made to feel pleasure, including sexual excitement.
Shuuji: And that can happen to her anytime, at any place, huh? Man, that sounds rough.
Nanao: The contractor can't choose the price, nor the form of payment.
Nanao: Do you see now why I can't recommend it? Though, as I explained earlier, you probably can't become a witch anyway.
*Well, Ayachi-san's case might be an extreme example, but still... the fact that you get no say in it is pretty harsh.*
*Apparently, the price is determined by the "weight" of the contract, or in other words, the scale of the magic. But for the most part, the terms are random.*
*But looking at it the other way around, that means Ayachi-san has a wish important enough to go through this ordeal in order to fulfill it.*
*And because of me, she's back to square one. I can see why she wants those fragments back so badly now.*
Nanao: Anyway, in order to recover the fragments, the hole in your heart needs to be filled.
Shuuji: And for that to happen... I need to do something about it myself.
*To me, this power I have is nothing but a nuisance.*
*If I can make myself see it in a more optimistic light, I can return the fragments to Ayachi-san.*
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Can't say I have much confidence... It would've been nice and easy if I could get rid of this power altogether.
Nanao: I wouldn't be so sure. It's questionable whether that would fill up your heart.
Shuuji: Why is that?
Nanao: Do you think someone will automatically turn around and become an entirely new person just because one of their worries disappeared?
Shuuji: Well... Yeah, you have a point.
Nanao: You will always have worries and stresses for as long as you live. That's why it's better to solve things yourself instead of through a contract.
Nanao: But you can't become a witch anyway, so there's not much point in this hypothetical talk.
Shuuji: Umm... One more question, while we're at it... Do demons really exist?
Nanao: Hm?
Shuuji: Well, you said it's like witches have sold their souls to a demon, right?
Nanao: Oh, that. I meant that more metaphorically. Maybe it would actually be more accurate to say "fairies" or "sprites."
Shuuji: So then, Ayachi-san, you've also made a contract with, um... a fairy?
Nene: What's the deal with that price, anyway? I mean, "arousal"? That's just crazy... I have no choice but to masturbate at school...
Shuuji: Ah, not yet back from depression land, are we?
Nene: Huh? Ah, I-I'm sorry. I was lost in thought.
Nanao: "Alps" would be the correct name, though I suppose you may know them better as "fairies." Well, as long as you understand they're magical beings along those lines.
Shuuji: Huh, really?
Nanao: Not convinced? Hmm... Then allow me to show you proof that alps exist. Maybe that will make all that magic talk earlier easier for you to swallow.
Shuuji: Can you really do that?
Nanao: I can. Because, you see...
Nene: Nanao is not a human. She is the alp I made my contract with.
Shuuji: Huh? Wait... Souma-san is a fairy?
Nanao: That is what I'll show you now.
*With a graceful flick of her fingers, a crisp snap rings out through the cafe.*
*Beads of light appear, as if the sound itself has taken form, and fill the room before us.*
*And once the light dissipates...*
Nanao: Meow~~
Shuuji: ...A cat?
*There is a tiny black cat sitting before me.*
*She is looking at me with her large and round almond eyes.*
Shuuji: S-So cute.
*That black cat is sitting where Souma-san was standing just moments ago.*
*And around the cat are the clothes Souma-san was just wearing, including... h-her underwear?! Souma-san's underwear is on the ground!*
Nene: This is Nanao's true form. She was born as a cat, not a human.
Nanao: "Well, there you have it. Still... It feels odd appearing naked before others. I suppose because I've been living in my human form for so long."
Shuuji: You can still talk?!
Nanao: "It's more like telepathy than speaking. It's another form of magic."
Shuuji: Can you use magic as often as you want?
Nanao: "Simple magic, yes. But in exchange, we can't become witches ourselves."
Nanao: "Large-scale magic spells like the one Nene is trying to cast are beyond us."
Shuuji: Are all cats... alps, or whatever? They're not all magical beings like you, are they? 
Nanao: "How should I explain... Extended exposure to strong emotions, meaning mana, can lead to strange changes within some animals."
Nanao: "You know the Japanese folklore surrounding the 'nekomata' creatures, right? It's basically like that. The first change is an extension of their lifespan."
Nanao: "Over the years, they become able to see beyond the laws of the natural world. And then, finally..."
*Light once again engulfs the cafe, robbing me of my vision.*
*And once the light dissipates, in the black cat's place stands Souma-san. Except, this time...*
Nanao: We become able to assume a human form.
*...She's buck naked.*
Shuuji: I... I see.
Nene: ...Where are you looking?
Shuuji: Huh?! N-Nowhere!
Shuuji: Sorry I'm late.
Kanae: Hm? Huh? Hoshina? Is it alright for you to come to school? Weren't you sick?
Shuuji: Yeah. My doctor gave me the okay.
Kanae: Okay. Just don't push yourself. Now then, I'll carry on with class.
*Following my short exchange with Hisashima-sensei, I head towards my seat.*
**sigh* Entering class in the middle of a lesson is so awkward.*
*Especially if you're alone.*
*Ayachi-san and I decided to come to school separately in order to avoid raising suspicions.*
*And maybe thinking about Souma-san's explanation on my own will help me process everything.*
*She went into more detail after she transformed back into a human, but it's all so hard to take in.*
Shuuji: (Witches, magic... and alps...)
*Alps are animals that went through a process of magical transformation.*
*By making a contract with an alp, one can become a witch and use magic to fulfill a wish of theirs.*
*The nature of the magic is based on the witch's wish, and it's up to the witch to collect the mana necessary for said magic.*
*Once established, a contract can never be canceled, though adjustments are apparently possible to a certain extent.*
*According to Souma-san, alps themselves can only use simple forms of magic.*
*It's not a matter of talent―their very nature prevents the use of higher magic.*
*Mana is sourced from emotions. That means it's impossible to gather large amounts of mana or use higher magic if you can't understand human emotions.*
*And the stronger the magic, the more important it is to strongly wish for it.*
*But alps don't have any strong wishes. Their desires don't match up to a witch's, who would pay any price for their wish.*
*What they do have is a keen interest in humans.*
*That is why they use witch emotions as their main source of mana. It's so they can better understand human emotions.*
*Humans, on the other hand, have endless desires.*
*Alps transform the strong desires and emotions from their witch candidates into magic.*
*The magic used to fulfill a wish depends on the nature of said wish.*
*The bigger the wish and the more impossible it is, the more mana necessary for the spell.*
*This is also related to the random nature of the emotional price witches pay.*
*Alps act as little more than go-betweens. They aren't involved in the spell itself.*
*What they do is manage the mana and oversee the process until the spell is activated.*
*To sum everything up, that's the kind of relationship Ayachi-san and Souma-san have.*
*Though, the way I see it, they're not just using each other for their own benefits. They almost seem like sisters to me.*
*And Ayachi-san has been helping out students with their problems at the OC in order to gather heart fragments.*
*......*
*I have no doubt that they were being honest with me. Especially since I saw Souma-san transform with my own eyes.*
*Which means that my mom really was a witch...*
*If my ability came from my mom... then what was she using her powers for?*
*And why did she wish for them in the first place?*
Nanao: Sorry I had you come here on such short notice. With how abnormal this situation is, I wanted to see you and confirm everything with my own eyes.
Shuuji: No, it's fine. I was happy to learn something new about my mom.
Nanao: I see... It's good you feel that way, but I'm sure you must be confused after having all this dropped on you. 
Shuuji: Well... Yeah, I suppose.
Nanao: Thought so. I'm glad you're being honest.
Shuuji: But I do believe it all... I just need some time to process it.
Nanao: Yeah, you're right. Take your time and calmly think about it. Oh, let me give you a piece of advice.
Shuuji: Yeah? What is it?
Nanao: Even ignoring Nene's situation, filling the hole in your heart would still be a good thing.
Nanao: When a hole opens up in one's heart, they're not simply thrown off balance. You start lacking the energy to live.
Nanao: That has bad consequences for both body and mind. Trust me, I'm not just saying this to scare you.
Shuuji: ......
Kanae: Oh, there's the bell. Alright, then. That's all for today's lesson.
*Hisashima-sensei closes her textbook and leaves the classroom.*
Wakana: Hoshina, you doing okay?
Hideaki: Do you still feel sick?
Shuuji: No, don't worry about me. I had a headache, but some light painkillers helped with that.
Wakana: Yeah? That's good to hear.
Hideaki: Gotta say, though, I can't believe you came to school partway through the day. I definitely would've skipped the whole day.
Shuuji: Well, no point in idling away at home.
Wakana: Just make sure you're not pushing yourself. You look kinda pale.
Shuuji: Do I? I feel fine, honestly.
Wakana: Hmm... Am I overthinking things?
Hideaki: I wouldn't say you're pale, but you do look a little down. Though, I guess you felt bad enough to see a doctor earlier, so that makes sense.
Shuuji: I really feel no different than usual.
Wakana: Well, okay. Sorry if I was being overbearing.
Shuuji: Nah. I'm sorry for worrying you. Really, though, I'm feeling a lot better.
Hideaki: Just leave early if you start feeling sick. Don't force yourself to stay all day.
Shuuji: Yeah, don't worry. I will.
*Following that, I attended the rest of the day's classes, but... I couldn't concentrate whatsoever.*
*Yet despite all that thinking, I don't feel any closer to coming to a solution.*
*I guess I can't just figure out how to be more positive with a little bit of thinking.*
Hideaki: Looks like you made it through the whole day. How do you feel?
Shuuji: I'm feeling fine. I'm going straight home today just to be safe though.
Hideaki: That's for the best. Oh, want me to walk home with you?
Shuuji: You don't have to. Besides, being escorted home by another guy is just sad.
Hideaki: I see you still know how to talk back. Guess there's nothing to worry about, then.
Shuuji: You got it. See you.
Hideaki: Right. Take care on your way home.
Shuuji: Ayachi-san.
*I call out to Ayachi-san, who's walking ahead of me.*
*She came to school after me when the next break had come around.*
*She was walking to the second building, so I guess she's planning on doing her club activities today as well.*
Nene: What is it, Hoshina-kun? Is something the matter?
Shuuji: I don't need anything. I just wanted to let you know that I'm heading home early today.
Nene: I see.
Shuuji: I'd like you to give me some time to think through everything Souma-san told me about.
Nene: Yes, that's fine. It wouldn't help to rush things.
Nene: Very well, then. Have a good day.
Shuuji: Yeah, right.
Shuuji: Oh, that's right. Ayachi-san.
Nene: Yes? What is it?
Shuuji: You knew that I was troubled by something, didn't you? You wouldn't have asked to read my fortune otherwise.
Nene: Well... I wasn't absolutely sure of it, but...
Shuuji: Yeah?
Nene: I had this feeling that you're, in a way, similar to myself.
*Me, to her?*
*What do I, the loner that I am, have in common with a popular girl like Ayachi-san?*
Nene: Seeing you in our class, I always had the impression that you're keeping everyone at a distance.
Shuuji: Well...
*She's right. And that's because I have a secret that I can't tell anyone about.*
*Having a secret of her own, she must know what it's like... I guess we really are the same in this regard.*
Shuuji: While we're at it, can I ask what gave you that impression of me?
Nene: Hmm... I feel it comes across in your entire attitude, but if I had to name one thing in particular... I would say the look on your face.
Nene: Even when it seems like you're having fun, there's a part of you that isn't. I also feel like that, you know?
Shuuji: Yeah? Interesting...
*There's a part of you that's always on alert when you're hiding secrets.*
*I think that's what she's talking about.*
*Maybe Kariya, Kaidou and Hisashima-sensei seeing that in me is why they've been harder on me lately.*
*That behavior has turned into a habit at this point.*
*Filling up the hole in my heart means I need to do something about that part of me, right?*
*Can I really change that? I honestly can't imagine how.*
Shuuji: Thanks, Ayachi-san.
Nene: Oh, no. It was nothing.
Shuuji: Alright, then. Bye.
Nene: Ah, yes. Goodbye.
*I part with Ayachi-san and head home, doing some grocery shopping for dinner along the way.*
Taichi: I'm hooome!
Shuuji: Yeah, welcome back.
Taichi: What's for dinner?
Shuuji: Cabbage rolls and some side dishes to go along with it.
Taichi: You're stewing something? When did you get back? You didn't lie to me when you said you had friends, did you?
Shuuji: I DO have friends!
Shuuji: First, you complain yesterday about me slacking off, and, now you give me this. I specifically made your favorite dish because you asked for it!
Taichi: So beneath all the complaints, you actually really care about me? Your dad loves that about you.
Shuuji: Yeah, yeah. Whatever.
*While stew does take a while, you're mainly just waiting as it cooks, so it's perfect for when you want to think about stuff.*
Taichi: Alright, I'm gonna go and get changed. Oh, but before that...
Taichi: I'm home, Yui. I worked like a beast again today!
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: ...Say.
Taichi: Huh? What is it?
Shuuji: What kind of person was Mom?
Taichi: She was a great woman, let me tell you. She was absolutely perfect!
Taichi: But why do you ask? It's unusual for you to ask about her.
Shuuji: No reason. I'm just curious. Anyway, that's not the kind of stuff I want to know.
Taichi: So, what do you want to hear about? How we met? Our first date?
Shuuji: I'm not asking about your romantic moments with her. What I'm wanting to know is how she usually was and what her personality was like. You know, like how she was on the inside.
Taichi: She was charming, beautiful and had a great personality. She's what I'd call a flawlessly fantastic woman!
Shuuji: Look, I've heard all these things before... Isn't there anything else you can tell me about her?
Taichi: I don't know what else I could tell you... Oh, right. Did I ever mention that she was deaf?
Shuuji: Huh? What? No, you certainly have not.
Taichi: Oh, I really haven't told you? Well then, yeah. She had a hearing disability.
Taichi: She must've had it really hard, but she never allowed herself to grow jaded as a result. She was so honest and sweet.
Shuuji: Oh, really?
Taichi: Actually... that is part of the reason why she didn't notice the car during the accident.
Taichi: She only became deaf later in life, which made it all the harder for her. But she was too kind a woman to let that show.
Shuuji: You mean like how she would make the food you wanted without you telling her?
Taichi: Yeah, but she was like that for more than just food. She was incredibly thoughtful and would always give me what I needed when I needed it.
Taichi: She was so smart, and she was... I guess you could say really good at understanding people? Almost like she could read people's minds.
Shuuji: ......
*It's just like Souma-san suspected... *
Taichi: The only times I can remember ever having trouble communicating with her was, I dunno... maybe when we were still getting to know each other?
Taichi: But as we got to know each other, it almost became like we could communicate just with eye contact, you know? Man, she really was my one and only.
Shuuji: I didn't know about that at all. Well, not that I can remember anything about her otherwise...
Taichi: I see. You were still a baby at the time, after all... She was also great at soothing you. She always knew why you were crying. I, on the other hand, never had a clue.
Shuuji: Wasn't I just crying because you were so annoying and loud?
Taichi: That hurts.
Shuuji: She always does come off as a kind person in the photos.
Taichi: Well, of course. She's the woman I fell for, after all. She was too kind to ever leave a person in need be.
Shuuji: You mean like, anyone who would ask?
Taichi: No, only those who truly needed help. She knew how to turn people down when she had to, like if they'd be better off in the long run without her help.
Shuuji: Hrmm... I see.
*So I guess that means she wasn't helping people to gather mana.*
*Judging by what Dad has said, she must have kept helping people even after she had become able to read minds.*
Taichi: She mentioned that she was always helping people because she herself was helped a lot when she was first struggling with her deafness. She would help people simply because she had the means to.
Taichi: So what do you say? Isn't she wonderful? That's my wife for you!
Shuuji: ...Yeah, she really is.
Taichi: But despite how kind she was, not everyone was appreciative, as you might imagine.
Taichi: Some wouldn't thank her, and others would even throw complaints at her. Still, not once did she seem discontent.
Taichi: She would always look happy after helping someone, regardless of how they responded.
Shuuji: ...Huh. Yeah?
Taichi: And let me tell you, that expression was just the cutest! I can't tell ya how many times I fell in love with her! I'd be up all night counting!
Taichi: Kyaaah! Just remembering it is making your dad's heart pound!
Shuuji: Okay, okay. Good for you.
Taichi: All this talk has made me want to go through our photo album. I think I put it in my desk drawer... Do you want to check it out together with me?
Shuuji: Yeah, I guess.
Taichi: Alright! I'll be right back with it!
Shuuji: Dad don't run through the house like a child!
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: ...So that's the kind of person Mom was, huh?
*I once again gaze at the photo of Mom sitting on the table.*
*That happy smile of hers doesn't look forced or fake one bit.*
*Based on what Dad told me, it does seem like Mom could actually read minds.*
*I really must have inherited my ability from her.*
Shuuji: She looks so happy...
Shuuji: I guess that means she was seeing her ability in a positive way. 
*And that she didn't have a hole in her heart, like me.*
Shuuji: ......
*I look at myself in the mirror.*
*I then try on my usual smile*
Shuuji: *smile*
Shuuji: Yikes!
Shuuji: Holy smokes... My face is lot grosser than I remember. I look like a total creep.
*I'll have to make sure not to look at computer monitors while they're dark...*
Shuuji: But seriously... This is just bad. Even accounting for my bad looks, this face is just gross.
Shuuji: It's nothing like Mom's smile.
Shuuji: It's no wonder people think I'm weird. It all makes sense now.
*I gotta say though, I'm pretty good at sarcastic and sheepish smiles.*
================================================================================
*It was Friday when I learned about my mom.*
*I spent the weekend thinking about things, and it's now Monday.*
*Having woken up feeling slightly more dull than usual, I absently stare at the ceiling.*
Shuuji: ......
*After spending several days deep in thought, I have come to a firm answer.*
Shuuji: Let's go.
*I get out of bed with conviction.*
Shuuji: Good morning.
Kanae: Hm? What gives, Hoshina? Why are you in the faculty room so early in the morning? What have you done?
Shuuji: Let's not jump to conclusions. I haven't done anything at all.
Kanae: Then why are you here? You wouldn't have come here without having business with us, right?
Shuuji: Look, I told you to not jump to conclusions. I've come here for a perfectly normal reason.
Kanae: That's still pretty odd, for you... So, what is it?
Shuuji: You see...
*―Later, after school.*
Shuuji: Hoo, haa... Hoo, haa...
*I'm once again taking deep breathes in front of the OC.*
*Ayachi-san had left the classroom before me, so she should be here, inside the clubroom.*
Shuuji: Just as nervous as last time...
*I'm getting a little antsy now that I'm here.*
*But my resolve holds steadfast.*
*With the sheet obtained from Hisashima-sensei this morning held firmly in hand, I knock on the door.*
Nene: Yes, the door is open.
*I open the door upon hearing her reply.*
Nene: Ah, Hoshina-kun? What brings you here today?
Shuuji: I wanted to talk to you about the matter from the other day.
Nene: Huh? Ah... W-Wait a moment.
*Ayachi-san moves to the door and checks out the situation outside.*
*Having confirmed that no one is there, she locks the door behind me.*
*......*
*I know she locked the door so that no one stumbles into our conversation, but still... I'm now alone in a locked room with a pretty girl.*
*My heart is now racing for a different reason than before.*
Nene: Good. There's no one outside. No one should hear us as long as we're not too loud.
Shuuji: ......
*...Is it just me, or was that a strangely erotic way to phrase that?*
Shuuji: So, umm, I've given our discussion on Friday some good thought.
Nene: You don't have to rush into any decisions, you know? This isn't something we can just fix in a few days, anyway...
Shuuji: Don't worry. I'm not rushing myself. I learned some new things about my mom, and then spent the weekend carefully thinking things over before arriving at my decision.
Nene: Does that mean you've found a way to fill the hole in your heart?
Shuuji: Not quite, sorry. I can't guarantee that will be possible.
Nene: ...Yes, of course. I thought that might be.
Shuuji: However, I want to at least try to fill it.
Shuuji: So for that reason, would you let me join the Occult Club?
Nene: ...Huh?
Shuuji: Here. I've already filled out an application form.
Nene: Huh? What? Umm... Why do you want to join the club? Will that somehow lead to filling the hole in your heart?
Shuuji: Umm... I can't really say, to be honest... But I had a thought earlier.
Nene: What was it?
Shuuji: I want to be able to lead a life where I'm able to smile for real.
*Mom's smile in all her photos is not a kind of smile I can make right now.*
*All my smiles look forced and creepy...*
*Despite all the hardships she faced, Mom always smiled wholeheartedly and helped those in need. And unlike me, she did so with only the purest intentions.*
*I'm sure that's what Dad meant when he said that she helped others "simply because she had the means to."*
Shuuji: I mean, um...
Shuuji: I've always thought I'd like to change if I could, but I never actually bothered putting an effort into achieving that.
Shuuji: But now that I've found myself in this situation... I figured that this is my chance. If I truly want to change, then this is the time to do it.
Shuuji: I can't put it into words well and I'm getting a little bashful here, but...
Shuuji: Anyway, Ayachi-san!
Nene: Y-Yes?
Shuuji: Is it alright if I help you out at the Occult Club?
*It's pretty embarrassing to just copy my mom like this, but I don't really know what else to do.*
*Still, I get the feeling that something might change by taking this first step forward.*
*I'm certainly not doing this on a whim. *
Nene: ...I understand how you feel.
Nene: But... things don't always go well here. There will be times that we fail.
Shuuji: That's fine.
*I'm not doing this to receive gratitude.*
Shuuji: I want to do anything I can in order to return your heart fragments to you.
Nene: But, well... There's also my contract to consider... That might be annoying to work around.
Shuuji: Oh, right. That... I-I'll try my best to give you my support.
Shuuji: Though, being a guy, there's only so much I can do... And obviously, only if you're okay with it...
Nene: ......
Nene: Alright. I hereby welcome you to the Occult Club.
Shuuji: Thank you.
*Today marks the first step taken outside the cage I've built around myself.*
Shuuji: Oh, and I really meant it when I said that I'll support you! I'll stand watch in front of the library for you anytime!
Nene: I can't live with this shame... I have no choice but to slice my belly open...
Shuuji: Whoa, relax! I'm sorry! I'm really sorry! I didn't mean anything bad by that!
Nene: I'm not asking you to be rude, but you don't have to be considerate with such touchy matters... Are you trying to harass me?
Shuuji: I'm sorry. Really.
*It's been a year and a half since I've entered Himematsu.*
*Well past my second summer break, hope has finally sprung within me.*
*I have a feeling this may be the start of something big.*
================================================================================
Shuuji: Good morning.
*It's the day after I joined the Occult Club. I arrive at school at the usual time.*
Schoolboy B: Morning, Hoshina.
Schoolboy A: Hey! Good morning.
*...My classmates are acting the same as always. Good. Doesn't seem like they're jealous of me.*
*Looks like word hasn't gotten out about me joining the Occult Club.*
*I mean, a club with just me and Ayachi-san? The guys in our class will definitely resent me once word spreads.*
*It helps that nobody stopped by the clubroom yesterday.*
*I asked Ayachi-san about it, and...*
Nene: That's how it's usually like. You don't see someone with a problem come here on a daily basis. After all, all of this is limited to just our school.
Nene: Besides, most of the time, it's more fortune-telling than actual consultation.
*That's what she said.*
*Seems like her club isn't as busy as I expected.*
Wakana: Good morning, Hoshina!
Shuuji: Morning, Kariya. What's up? You seem pretty excited.
*I don't need my power to tell me that.*
*She's so excited that anyone would notice at a glance.*
Wakana: Get this! Today's my long-awaited payday!
Shuuji: Oh, for your part-time job? You're gonna get a guitar, yeah?
Wakana: Yep! I'm so hyped! I can barely contain myself. Too bad I have to wait until the weekend to actually buy it.
Shuuji: You're like a kid before a big trip.
Wakana: I know, but I can't help it. I've worked so hard for this! Uhehe~
Shuuji: ...You'll jinx it if you act this happy.
Wakana: How so?
Shuuji: Maybe you won't get your pay, or you'll lose it somehow, or your parents will take it for themselves... Or maybe the guitar will break as soon as you get it.
Shuuji: Things will only end in tears if you keep jinxing it like this.
Wakana: My parents aren't like that. And there's no way my boss would refuse to pay me.
Shuuji: If you say so. Just make sure you don't lose the money in your excitement.
Wakana: Well... I guess you have a point. Okay, I'll be careful.
*...Ah, now I understand. I guess too much happiness really can be dangerous, now that I think about it.*
*Bad things can happen if you let yourself get carried away. Striking the proper balance is more important than I've been thinking.*
Shuuji: Alright. I'll hold onto the money for you, just in case.
Wakana: Nice joke♪
Shuuji: Whoa now. No need to get upset.
Nene: Good morning, Kariya-san, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Ah, good morning, Ayachi-san.
Wakana: Morning!
Nene: What's happening? You're in a really good mood today, Kariya-san.
Wakana: It's about the guitar. I'm finally gonna have enough money for it after I'm paid today.
Nene: Is that so? Congratulations!
Wakana: It's all thanks to you, Ayachi-san! Thanks a ton!
Nene: Oh, no. I didn't do much.
Wakana: That's not true. I'd still be worried about what to do if you hadn't introduced me to that place.
Wakana: *sigh* Can't the weekend come faster?
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Umm, Ayachi-san.
Nene: Yes? What is it?
Shuuji: Kariya is pretty excited. Have you collected any heart fragments from her yet?
Nene: No, not yet. I doubt anything will happen, but there is no guarantee it won't.
Nene: We need to account for possible accidents, or something not going like she pictured.
Shuuji: Oh, yeah. Something like that would throw her heart out of balance, huh?
Nene: I may be worrying too much over slight possibilities, but I generally try to collect at the best possible time. Especially when it comes to happiness.
Nene: So I believe it would be best to wait until she has received her pay or maybe bought her guitar.
Shuuji: Interesting.
Shuuji: I know it's a bit late to be asking this, but how do you collect these heart fragments, anyway? 
Nene: ......
Shuuji: Ayachi-san?
Nene: Ah, sorry. But, well, discussing it here would be a little...
Shuuji: Oh, got it.
*She's being pretty evasive. I'm guessing it's is something that would be extra bad if people overheard.*
*Maybe some sort of magic is involved? It's probably something along those lines, considering the weird magical feathers I saw.*
Wakana: What are you two talking about?
Shuuji: Hm? Nothing, really.
*It'll look suspicious if I talk to Ayachi-san too much.*
Wakana: *sigh* I can't wait for the weekend~
*Though, I guess Kariya only cares about this weekend.*
*I'm just glad she's happy now.*
Hideaki: Hey, Shuuji!
Shuuji: Hm?
Hideaki: Kanae-chan is calling for you.
Kanae: Don't call me Kanae-chan. It's "Sensei" to you.
Hideaki: What? What's the big deal, Kanae-chan? Your name's cute.
Kanae: Oh, please. The other teachers will get on my case if I don't stop this kind of thing from happening.
Hideaki: Okay. Got it, Kanae-sensei!
Kanae: Hey!
Hideaki: Just kidding! Don't get so angry over these things. You'll get wrink―
Kanae: Huh?
Hideaki: Oh, I mean your clothes. Your clothes will get wrinkled!
Hideaki: You mad? Did I upset you, Sensei?
Kanae: ......
Shuuji: Why are you provoking her?
Hideaki: I really wasn't trying to.
Kanae: *sigh* Oh well, that's enough. Just be careful from now on.
Shuuji: So, what's up, Hisashima-sensei?
Kanae: I need to talk to you. Can I have a moment?
Hideaki: Summoned again? This has been happening a lot lately. What did you do this time?
Shuuji: Nothing. I don't have a clue what this is about.
Kanae: I'm not here to lecture you. I just need to confirm something with you. Come on.
Shuuji: Well, okay...
Shuuji: Umm, are we going to the faculty room?
Kanae: Hm? Oh... I figured we can just do it out here. No need to make a bigger deal out of this than it is.
Kanae: There's something I'd like to ask you about.
Shuuji: Yeah? What is it?
Kanae: Ayachi brought me a club admission form for a new Occult Club member.
Shuuji: She brought it to you?
Kanae: I'm the OC's advisor.
Shuuji: Oh, really? Then I guess I could have just told you about it when I got the admission form from you.
Kanae: So this isn't a misunderstanding or anything?
Shuuji: Oh, no. I want to join the club... Why do you ask? Is that a problem somehow?
Kanae: No, not exactly... I'm just a little surprised.
Shuuji: Oh, right... Because I told you just a short while ago that I wasn't planning on joining a club, right?
Shuuji: Well, let's just say I had a change of heart. I don't think it'll be too hard to blend in since the OC only has one other club member.
Kanae: Well, I was curious about your change of heart too, but it's actually Ayachi I'm surprised about.
Shuuji: Really? Why's that?
Kanae: Why do you think she's been the only member until now?
Shuuji: Maybe because so few know about it? I mean, I only learned about it the other day.
Kanae: That's a factor, sure. But look, the sole member there is Ayachi Nene. Do you really think no one else wanted to join?
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Yeah, you have a point. There must have been girls who wanted to join and get closer to her. And obviously guys too.
Kanae: There were plenty of students who wanted to join, but Ayachi turned them all down.
Kanae: So I'm sure you can understand why I'm surprised by her suddenly allowing someone to join. Can you tell me if you have any idea why?
Shuuji: Oh, I dunno...
*It's not like I can tell her about the whole witch business.*
*I'll just give her a believable cover story.*
Shuuji: Maybe because I'm such a hot guy?
Kanae: Hyahahaha!
Shuuji: Yikes! That laugh! How could you laugh at your own student like that?!
Kanae: How could I not?! LMAO! Did you hear yourself? That was hilarious! ROFLCOPTER! LOLOLOL!
Shuuji: "ROFLCOPTER"?! That's so old! No wonder you're still singl―
Kanae: Whazzat? You say somethin', boy?
Shuuji: Err, no! Absolutely nothing!
Kanae: So? Any ideas?
Shuuji: Well, it's not like we're close or anything...
Shuuji: Oh, isn't she about to get kicked out of the clubroom for not having enough members? Maybe it's because of that?
Kanae: But that's something she has known for a while already... Hmm... Oh well. This may be unexpected, but it's a positive change.
Kanae: I've been a little worried about both you and Ayachi. You both have been keeping everyone at a distance while still trying to please everyone.
Kanae: To be frank, you each have this imbalance in your relationships with others.
Shuuji: Isn't being on friendly terms with everyone a good thing?
Kanae: Well, yeah. I don't wish for you to be bullied or anything. You're interacting with everyone too smoothly, though. That can be a good skill to have, but...
Kanae: It can be a problem if you never clash with anyone. Growing and maturing as a person means hurting others, and sometimes getting hurt yourself.
Shuuji: Sage advice. You must be drawing from your many years of life experience, huh?
Kanae: Huh?
Shuuji: I was just praising you for your great advice!
Kanae: You need to learn how to phrase things better. I almost sent you flying.
Shuuji: Yeah, I'll work on it.
Kanae: So, what about you? What made you want to join the club?
Shuuji: Well...
Shuuji: Self-refinement, I guess?
Kanae: Hyahahahaha! Self-refinement, he said! LMAO! I can't believe it! OMGWTFBBQ! Are you trying to kill me?! HAHAHAHA ROFL!
Shuuji: Did you seriously just say "omgwtfbbq" out loud?!
Shuuji: You could use some self-refinement of your own to up your femininity, or else you'll be too past your prime for any guy to want y―
Kanae: Huh? What was that about being "past my prime"?
Shuuji: I was just saying that you'll miss out on this great anime that just came out on Primed Video!
Kanae: You mean Nijiiro Mosaic? I'm already watching that. If you want to recommend me an anime, give me something else.
Shuuji: YOU ARE?!
*Does she really need something that soothing in her life? I guess her job must be pretty hard!*
*Whew, class is over now. I guess it's time to go to club.*
*Speaking of, Ayachi-san's nowhere to be seen. Did she already leave for the clubroom? Damn, that's fast!*
Hideaki: Yo! You going home already?
Shuuji: Nope. I've got something to do today.
Hideaki: Again? You're pretty busy lately.
Shuuji: Yeah, though it's not like I'm doing someone else's chores today.
Hideaki: It's not often you have your own things to do.
Shuuji: Is it? But... Yeah, I guess you're right.
*Dad does tell me that I come home too early a lot.*
*Though, I still think it's pretty weird how he always wants me to stay out all night.*
Wakana: You two going home?
Hideaki: Me? Yeah. But Shuuji says he has something to do. What about you?
Wakana: Got work. I'm gonna work my butt off!
Hideaki: You seem pretty busy too.
Wakana: Yeah, you know. What about you, Hoshina? What are you doing today?
Shuuji: Oh, well...
*What will they think if I tell them I joined Ayachi-san's club?*
*That I'm trying to get into her pants, like most would probably assume?*
*They would think I'm disgusting, if so... I really don't want that. Just the thought is scary.*
Shuuji: ......
*It's scary, but... nothing will change at this rate.*
*This isn't just about the club. I need to change myself on a more fundamental level.*
Shuuji: Umm, listen... Can I have a quick moment with you two? I have something to tell you.
Hideaki: Sure. I don't mind.
Wakana: If this won't take long, then yeah... But still, this is pretty unusual for you.
Hideaki: Yeah. He's creeping me out a little.
Shuuji: Oh, just shut up and come out here for a moment.
Hideaki: What?! You joined the Occult Club?!
Shuuji: Don't yell, dude!
Hideaki: R-Right, sorry. But for real... You serious?
Shuuji: I am.
Wakana: When did you join?
Shuuji: Yesterday.
Wakana: Didn't you only learn about the OC the other day? That didn't take you long.
Hideaki: It's just you and Ayachi-san together in the clubroom, right? H-How is it? How is she like?
Shuuji: I dunno, man... I only just joined yesterday, so I'm not really used to it yet. It's still kinda awkward, you know?
Hideaki: Oh, yeah. That makes sense.
Wakana: Wow, I'm stunned. You? Joining her club?
Hideaki: Ahh? Ooh? Hmmm?
Shuuji: Wh-What's with that look?
*A-Are they really going to think I'm gross like I feared?*
Wakana: I never would've expected you to join. And... Wait. Really? Did the unthinkable happen?!
Wakana: Does this mean you fell in love with Ayachi-san?
Shuuji: No, not at all.
Wakana: Wait, really? And geez, Hoshina. That's the totally wrong reaction. Don't you know the proper way to react there?
Wakana: Kaidou, show him.
Hideaki: O-O-O-Of course not! Don't be silly! S-Stop teasing me already!
Wakana: Now that's how it's done.
Shuuji: My, aren't the two of you close.
Wakana: Hey, are you really gonna ignore him like that? He tried his hardest to give you that example.
Hideaki: Getting the cold shoulder from my own friend... isn't half bad, actually.
Shuuji: Dude, don't blush at me.
Wakana: Ugh, that's so gross...
Hideaki: So anyway, why'd you join if you aren't going after Ayachi-san?
Shuuji: Oh, well, you know... reasons.
Shuuji: Something wrong with that?
Hideaki: There's nothing really wrong with it; I'm just surprised. In more ways than one. This is the first time you've ever come to us with something private.
Shuuji: Huh? Really?
Hideaki: Most of the time you don't tell us anything. And when we find something out and confront you about it, you give us a blunt "you didn't ask" or something.
Wakana: Yeah, you're pretty dry.
Hideaki: And whenever we offer to help you, you always turn us down with some fake-ass smile.
Wakana: You haven't really been acting much like a friend to us. I was starting to wonder if we could even be considered friends.
Wakana, Hideaki: "We rest our case."
Shuuji: Man, you two really are close.
*Gotta say, though... They're saying a lot of stuff that rings true.*
*I have no choice but to accept it.*
Wakana: Now I see. That's why you two were talking this morning, right?
Shuuji: Yeah, that's right.
Wakana: And, you're willing to tell us about this, but no one else is supposed to know? 
Shuuji: It doesn't really matter, but I'd like you to keep it to yourselves if you can.
Hideaki: Right, it'd cause an uproar if the other guys found out about it.
Hideaki: But man... I'm so jealous. I wanna be in a club with Ayachi-san too!
Wakana: Forget it. With you, it couldn't be more obvious that you have ulterior motives. I bet it was a miracle that you got to join, right, Hoshina?
Shuuji: Oh yeah, right. It... really was a miracle.
Hideaki: You're blushing, dude. What's wrong?
Shuuji: Oh, uh, nothing.
Shuuji: Well, anyway... that's how it is. I'll be busy with the club after school from now on.
Hideaki: Wakana-chan has her part-time job, and you have a club. I'm the only one with nothing to do, huh...?
Wakana: Come on, don't be like that. Let's be more supportive. I mean, it's so rare for him to do something like this.
Hideaki: Shuuji, you gotta find a chance to invite her out and have some fun together with us some time!
Shuuji: Sure, if the opportunity arises.
Wakana: Okay, I better get going to my part-time job now that we're done talking. Bye!
Shuuji: Yeah, I'll head to my club now.
Hideaki: Bye.
Shuuji: Yeah, bye guys.
Hideaki: ...Maybe I should get a part-time job too?
*I walk up to the clubroom door.*
*Today is the first day I'm entering the room as a club member. I should probably still knock though, right?*
Shuuji: Umm, it's me, Hoshina... Can I come in?
Nene: Yes, please come in.
Shuuji: U-Umm... Hi.
Nene: Hello.
Shuuji: ......
Nene: ......
Nene: Would you like to take a seat?
Shuuji: Oh, sure.
*I bring a chair from the corner of the room up to the table and sit down on it.*
Shuuji: ......
Nene: ......
*I'm all alone with a cute girl. Neither of us know what to say. We're just awkwardly fidgeting in our seats.*
*Did my life turn into a romantic comedy?! I'm not tasting the usual romcom sweetness though. This is nothing but bitterness!*
*We're in this club together from now on, so I should probably do something about this. But what...?*
Nene: Umm, you're a club member now, Hoshina-kun. You don't need to ask for permission before entering.
Shuuji: Huh? Err, but...
*"What if I walked in on you in the middle of a fap session?"*
*No, hold your tongue! That was close. I almost blurted that out...*
Nene: You'll make me angry if you're too considerate about that, you know?
Shuuji: ......
*That dead-eyed look combined with her gentle voice is giving me the heebie-jeebies. Please stop smiling at me like that.*
Shuuji: Can you even get mad? I honestly can't picture it.
Nene: But of course. I'm fairly mad right now.
Nene: Me mad. Super duper mad!
*Oh my god, how cute was that?*
*I didn't know it was possible to make being upset look so cute.*
Nene: I'll say it one more time. Please stop being overly considerate.
Shuuji: Okay.
Shuuji: Anyhow, changing topics... There's a lot of waiting around in this club. What do you usually do during the slow times?
Nene: I like to read books. In that sense, it's very convenient that the library is right next door.
Shuuji: So you visit the library often? I see...
*I guess that's why she knew about the roundness of the desk corners. Makes sense.*
Nene: Hoshina-kun? You really don't have to think stuff like that, okay?
Shuuji: What do you mean? Aren't you just imagining things?
*I give her my best poker face.*
Nene: ...He's lying. The look on his face says it all... He recalled how I... p-pleasured myself in the library. And he obviously thinks I'm a pervert too...
Shuuji: ......
*It seems that once Ayachi-san has one negative thought, the rest just flood in.*
*What should I do? I feel like I'll only make her more depressed if I try to cheer her up.*
*Boy, what now...*
Shuuji: Umm...
*Ohh! A knock to save the day!*
Shuuji: Hey, Ayachi-san, someone's knocking. Maybe they're here to consult with you about something! Pull yourself together!
Nene: Huh? Ah, yes. Please come inside. The door is open.
Girl: E-Excuse me...
*A girl I don't know slowly opens the door and pokes her head in.*
*She sounds pretty nervous.*
Girl: Umm, this is the Occult Club, right? Is Ayachi-senpai here?
Nene: Yes? I'm Ayachi Nene...
Shuuji: Someone you know?
Nene: No. This is the first time we've met.
Girl: R-Right! I've heard about you from the rumors, is all. It's nice to meet you in person now.
Shuuji: Oh, yeah. Ayachi-san is famous.
Nene: What? Is that so?
Shuuji: Huh? Were you not aware?
Girl: Whoa... She really is as cute as they say...
Nene: ...? Is something the matter?
Girl: Ah! No, it's nothing. I was just captivated for a moment.
Nene: I... I see.
*Ayachi-san is dumbfounded by the girl's straightforward reply.*
*I gotta say, this girl's got a pretty flashy look.*
Nene: So, you've come here knowing that this is the Occult Club, yes?
Girl: Right! I heard the rumors and decided to visit. You listen to problems and offer advice, right?
Nene: So you're interested in advice, not fortune-telling?
Girl: Is that... not okay?
*She casts her eyes downward and quivers a little.*
*After seeing her so depressed, my own chest is starting to tighten up...*
*Wait, this pain is real! Gahh!*
*This girl seems to have a pretty serious concern.*
Nene: If you have something truly bothering you and I can be of help somehow, then I'll gladly do so.
Girl: Thank you so much!
*Relieved, the girl gives a quick bow. The pain in my chest finally lets up.*
Nene: So then, umm...
Girl: Ah! I'm sorry. My name is Inaba Meguru. I'm from class 1-D.
Nene: You already know me, but... I'm Ayachi Nene.
Shuuji: And I'm Hoshina Shuuji. I'm in the same class as Ayachi-san and likewise a member of this club.
Meguru: It's nice to meet you.
Meguru: So then, does that mean you're going to listen as well, Hoshina-senpai?
Shuuji: Huh? Oh, well... Yeah, I guess?
Nene: Yes, that's right. Oh! Is this maybe about something you don't want a boy to hear?
*Ohh, right... This kind of thing will probably come up from time to time when helping girls.*
Shuuji: Umm... Should I leave the room?
Meguru: No, it's fine. I don't mind if you hear this too.
Shuuji: Oh, yeah?
Meguru: Yeah!
Nene: So what is it you need our advice for, Inaba-san?
Meguru: So, there is something I'd like to ask of you, Ayachi-senpai. Please...
Meguru: Please make me popular!
Nene, Shuuji: ......
Nene, Shuuji: What?
Shuuji: So... To sum things up...
Shuuji: When you entered this school, none of your friends from your last school came with you.
Shuuji: And to make matters worse, you got sick right after school started and were absent for about a week.
Meguru: It was the worst cold ever...
Nene: Come to think of it, flu season went into April this year.
Shuuji: And once you returned to school, the friendships and groups had already been formed.
Meguru: I had a late start... so now I'm having trouble making friends.
Shuuji: That sounds bad, but...
Nene: This may be a bit tactless of me to say, but you don't give that kind of impression.
Shuuji: Right.
Shuuji: I mean, with your flashy look, I wouldn't have thought you'd have trouble finding friends.
Nene: Let me ask you... You're not being ostracized or anything, are you?
Meguru: Oh, no. There isn't anything like that going on. I do talk with my classmates. That's how I heard about the OC.
Meguru: But it feels like I don't quite fit in there... We'll chat, but I'll still feel out of place, like I can't blend in at all.
Shuuji: Everyone else will meet up on the weekend but not invite you... That kind of thing?
Meguru: Yeah, that's pretty much right.
Meguru: To be honest, I'd never been very good at socializing. So when I entered this school, I um... decided to change up my image.
Shuuji: Oh, went for a new look for our school?
Meguru: Right. I changed my hairstyle and read a ton of magazines to learn the latest fashions.
Shuuji: Ahh...
*I see. Based on what I've seen on the internet, these magazines promote an almost scary overuse of makeup.*
*Compared to that, I'd say Inaba-san's use of makeup is much milder. Actually, I think it's just right.*
Shuuji: But it didn't quite work out, huh?
Meguru: Yeah... But it would look pretty weird if I stopped now, wouldn't it?
Shuuji: Yeah. That seems like something you can't go back on.
Shuuji: Isn't it hot in those clothes, though?
Meguru: A book I read said that fashion is a constant struggle against harsh temperatures. I can't stand the cold though, so this feels just right for me!
Shuuji: Yeah? Well, it's fine if you're not overdoing it.
*Man, girls don't have it easy.*
Meguru: So... How can I become as popular as you, Ayachi-senpai?
Nene: Huh? Like... me?
Nene: I don't know... I'm not popular at all. I don't even have any friends.
Shuuji: I don't know how you of all people can say that.
Nene: But it's the truth...
Shuuji: Aren't you always talking with friends?
Nene: Well, I do reply to anyone who talks to me.
Shuuji: D-Damn, that's cold...
*The girls in our class would cry if they heard this.*
Nene: But school is the only thing they ever come to talk to me about.
Shuuji: Oh, well, I guess I have no room to talk. Kaidou and Kariya pointed out the same thing about me.
*Now that I think about it, she may talk often with everyone from our class, but it's only ever "everyone from our class."*
*She has no one in particular she likes to chat with, and you never see her actively approach anyone.*
*And, to be honest, she seems more idolized than loved.*
*Our classmates are mostly keeping their distance, acting as if she's out of their reach.*
*A big part of her popularity is probably how she treats everyone equally, instead of doting on a select few.*
Meguru: You haven't made your own group, like formed your own clique or whatever?
Nene: I'm not really interested in that kind of thing... I prefer tending to my own matters. Like this club.
Meguru: Ohh... That's kinda cool.
Nene: Hoshina-kun should be able to provide better advice than me.
Meguru: What?! For real?! He looks like a total loner, like he doesn't have any friends.
Shuuji: Ahaha. What an honest girl you are. Try saying that again, punk.
Meguru: I-I'm sorry! I didn't mean to insult you. It just sorta let it slip out in my surprise... I mean, your eyes look completely lifeless.
Shuuji: That was an awfully backhanded apology...
*I'm reminded of the proverb "kindness creates friends, but the truth creates enemies."*
Shuuji: I guess the only classmates you could call my friends are Kaidou and Kariya. They're the only ones I really talk to.
Nene: But don't you often have a lot of people relying on you for your support?
Shuuji: I wouldn't really say that.
Nene: You wouldn't?
Shuuji: They don't want me to support them; they want me to take their places entirely. She definitely shouldn't go with my approach. 
Nene: Then that means... neither of us can give you very good advice.
Meguru: Yeah... Of course it wouldn't be so easy...
Nene: But we can still think about this together.
Meguru: ...Huh?
Nene: Could you give us some time?
Shuuji: Right. We may not be able to reinvent your persona again, but I'm sure there's something we can do, like giving you advice on how to present yourself.
Meguru: Y-You'd go out of your way to do that for me?!
Nene: Yes, of course.
Shuuji: It might take a little bit of time, though.
Meguru: Thank you so much!
Shuuji: We have to make her popular, huh? This is gonna be tough...
*I know we decided to spend a while thinking about this, but... where do we even start?*
Shuuji: Have you ever gotten any other requests this difficult?
Nene: Well... There were several where it wasn't possible for me to resolve the matter on my own.
Shuuji: How did you handle them?
Nene: I did everything I could. I offered some advice or served as a go-between, like in Kariya-san's case.
Nene: But most of the time, I couldn't be of much help... I'm not sure I'll be able to help here, either. I don't know how to become popular at all.
Shuuji: Yeah. I've never tried to do so myself...
*More like I purposely avoided doing so.*
Shuuji: We ought to at least try to think of something, though. I'll give it my best effort.
Nene: Please do. Thanks.
Nene: I suppose it's time we call it a day.
Shuuji: Right. It's getting dark out.
Nene: So, Hoshina-kun. Are you free this evening?
Shuuji: Huh? I guess. As long as we're not out all night.
Nene: Would you like to go out for a little while, then? There's a place I'd like for you to accompany me to.
Shuuji: Sure, I don't mind... Where to?
Wakana: Welcome!
Nene: Good evening.
Wakana: Ayachi-san, welcome.
Shuuji: ...Kariya?
Wakana: Huh? Hoshina? What are you doing here? You two are already going on dates after your club?
Shuuji: You're right about us being on our way back from our club, but this is not a date.
Shuuji: Anyway, this is where you have your part-time job?
Wakana: Yep. Did you already know about this cafe?
Shuuji: Yeah. Thanks to Ayachi-san.
Wakana: I was hoping nobody else would find out about this. The uniform I have to wear is kinda embarrassing.
Nene: Oh, is that so? Sorry. I didn't consider that.
Wakana: No, it's fine! It's not a big problem if one or two people find out. But, Hoshina, you'll see no mercy if you tell anyone else.
Shuuji: I'll keep that in mind.
Wakana: Good. Alright... Time to do this the proper way...
Wakana: Welcome to our cafe. Have you already decided on what you're having?
Shuuji: Ohh... This polite waitress shtick of yours is so different. Especially with your frilly uniform. Wowie! You're so cute!
Wakana: So you want to have a fist delivered to your chin? Coming right up.
Shuuji: Why?! I complimented you!
Wakana: I'll show no mercy toward your snark, either.
*I thought you were always supposed to compliment a girl's clothes...*
Shuuji: I'll go with the house blend.
Wakana: The house blend it is. It'll be coming right up.
================================================================================
Shuuji: Morning.
Schoolboy C: Hey, good morning.
*I exchange morning greetings with my classmates and walk over to my seat.*
*This would be a good time to observe the class.*
*Hmm...*
Shuuji: ......
Schoolboy B: Hey, there's a new event quest in MonHun.
Schoolboy A: Oh, yeah. I heard about that. Isn't it pretty hard?
*I heard about that one. The one where you have to break off Pegasus Wings to get the Pegasus Tears, right?*
*I've tried soloing it three times already but failed every time. I really want to beat it, but man is it hard. What should I do...? Maybe try a different weapon?*
*Wait, I'm getting distracted. I need to think about their interactions, not their topics of discussion.*
Schoolgirl A: That hair clip is so cute! Was it expensive? Where'd you buy it?
Schoolgirl C: Thanks, I just got it yesterday. It was actually super cheap. I can take you to the place I got it at after school if you want.
Schoolgirl A: For sure!
Schoolgirl C: Sounds like a plan!
Schoolgirl B: Where are you two going? I want in on this!
*It seems like the girls generally do everything in groups.*
*Is simply telling the other person about the store and having them go there on their own not an option?*
Shuuji: ......
*There's no one person here who seems more popular than the rest.*
*Which is how I imagine most classes are.*
*Which of course means...*
Nene: Good morning.
Schoolboy C: Good morning, Ayachi-san!
Nene: Yes, good morning to you as well.
Schoolgirl C: Ah! Hey, Ayachi-san! Would you like to hang out with us after school today?
Schoolgirl A: That's a great idea! You totally should! We're gonna go shopping for accessories and stuff.
Nene: I'm sorry, but I already have plans for after school today...
Shuuji: ......
*When I think about popularity, Ayachi-san is the only one who comes to mind.*
*But she isn't trying to be popular on purpose, which makes it hard to learn anything from her.*
Shuuji: Is there anyone out there who's really trying to be popular?
Akita: Morning.
Shuuji: ......
Akita: Good morning, Hoshina-kun☆
Shuuji: Aha! Here's a girl trying her damnedest to become popular!
Akita: Huh? Wh-What? What's up, Hoshina-kun?
Akita: I dunno what you're talking about, but could you not shout such rude things about me? I'll rip it off☆
Shuuji: You'll rip what off?!
Akita: Then you move in, cut off all means of escape, and deliver the finishing blow... Something like that.
Shuuji: Hm, I see.
*I spend the lunch break taking notes while listening intently to Akita-san.*
Akita: This is all only stuff I've heard from a friend though.
Shuuji: That's okay. Thanks, you were a big help.
Akita: You're welcome. But you'll be sorry if you spread that around. Um, for the sake of my friend's reputation.
Shuuji: I know. I wouldn't do anything like that.
Akita: You better keep your word. If you don't... I'll rip it off.
Akita: Just kidding! But promise me, 'kay?
Shuuji: O-Okay. I promise.
Akita: Alright, make sure you fill in for me next time I have something else to do. That was the deal.
Shuuji: I know. But there shouldn't be any need for that since you nabbed a doctor last time, right?
Akita: ......
Akita: Tch... Don't remind me of that wimp.
*Oh snap, she's letting her true self leak out a little there.*
*Did they have a fight? Looks like they broke up. She's kinda scaring me, so I better take my leave right now.*
Shuuji: Thanks again, Akita-san. I mean it. Just tell me if you need my help. Later.
*Hmm... I learned plenty from Akita-san, but...*
*Is this really the right approach?*
Hideaki: Yo, what's up? You were talking with Akita?
Shuuji: Huh? Oh, uh, yeah... We were just having a little chat.
Hideaki: About something you don't want to talk about?
Shuuji: We weren't talking about anything too special, but... kinda, yeah.
Hideaki: ...Wait, you haven't betrayed me, have you? Did you secretly ask to join a mixer?
Shuuji: No. You think someone as shy as me could ever work up the courage to join one?
Hideaki: Ah, fair point.
Shuuji: Instant agreement...
*That's just sad.*
Shuuji: ...Mh, nnngh!
Shuuji: Man, today has been exhausting.
*I've been running around all day trying to collect advice for Inaba-san. It's only noon and I'm already pooped.*
Shuuji: Guess I'll take a breather.
*I just got done eating lunch at the cafeteria, so maybe I'll unwind a little before heading back to the classroom.*
*I climb up to the top floor and walk past the clubroom toward the room at the end of the hallway.*
*I arrive at the library and take a look around from the entrance. Looks pretty dead.*
*There are only the on-duty library committee members and three other students.*
Shuuji: Ah, perfect. I should be able to find a good table in the back for this.
*I sit down at a table hidden away in the back and pull out my 3DW.*
*Our school tends to be pretty lax about things.*
*There aren't any bag inspections and we all look the other way when it comes to minor infractions. But if a teacher saw me, I'd definitely have my 3DW confiscated.*
*After making sure no one else is around, I turn on the handheld and insert my earbuds.*
*The "MonHun 4th" logo soon appears on the screen, accompanied by the epic opening theme.*
*It's the game my classmates were talking about this morning, an action game where you just slay one huge monster after another. The series has become hugely popular these last few years.*
*It has a loot grind that keeps you coming back for more, and it's playable by yourself or with others.*
*The latest entry came out two months ago and it's really popular among all age groups.*
*I love it too. This entry is just really well-made, and most importantly, it has an incredibly fun solo mode!*
Shuuji: I ought to be able to squeeze a quest in before lunch break ends.
*I'm desperate to clear the Pegasus event, but the way it immediately flies away makes it really hard.*
Shuuji: Is there anyone I could do it with?
*I turn on the wireless to check.*
*I sometimes group with random people, but only rarely. Some hunts are just too hard for me to tackle alone, so I tackle them in co-op sessions.*
*Though, sometimes you end up with trolls who don't help at all.*
Shuuji: Maybe I can find a good player nearby. Let's see... Oh, there's one. "Lavie"? A gunner, huh? That should mesh well with my weapon type.
*My character's "Nucha," a lancer. Lance and gun should work nicely together.*
*Having made up my mind, I take on the quest together with Lavie.*
*It's remarkable how easily I can do these things when I'm not face-to-face with the other person... Tough on the internet, but a big baby in real life. How sad is that?*
*I start out by greeting the other player with a "Hello" and "Let's do this."*
*The other player then greets me back with the same predetermined phrases.*
Shuuji: ...What a nice person.
*When grouping with randoms, getting a person who can actually return a greeting is enough to satisfy me.*
*Our co-op session proceeds very smoothly.*
*We find the Pegasus we're after right away.*
*Lavie puts the Pegasus to sleep and then uses a bomb, inflicting a huge amount of damage. *
*She skillfully moves around and gets into good firing positions without relying on flash grenades. Her HP hasn't even budged yet.*
*She's definitely a better hunter than me. And polite enough to know how to greet you, at that. Today is a good day.*
*The Pegasus blows me away with its thunder breath while I'm lost in thought.*
Shuuji: Damn, I'm gonna die!
*I hurriedly try to use a healing pot, but Lavie shoots me with a healing bullet first.*
Shuuji: Wow, that was a great reaction. Oh, I know. I should thank her!
Shuuji: Ah?!
*I try to thank Lavie in-game, but the Pegasus interrupts me with a devastating charge attack. Great, now I'm almost dead again!*
*Oh, Lavie healed me up again!*
*Holy shit, this player is so cool! I'm gonna fall in love with her!*
Shuuji: And I haven't even thanked her yet for healing me. This time I'm really gonna―
Shuuji: Another thunder attack?! Oh crap! My HP!!
*Having finally thanked her while withstanding the Pegasus' assault, I focus on completing the quest.*
*And a couple minutes later, we manage to break off the Pegasus' wings and get a Pegasus Tear.*
Shuuji: We did it!
*I finally got a Pegasus Tear! Thanks, Lavie-san!*
*Gotta say, though... I felt completely useless. I honestly feel bad about it... Not that I'll let that stop me from carving the Pegasus.*
*I'm... I'm not just leeching off her, I swear!*
*To round the session off, I give her an "I'm sorry" and a "Thank you very much."*
*Lavie-san follows suit.*
*She's nice AND hella good at MonHun. I really hit the jackpot today.*
*Lavie-san sticks around the room for a short while, but lunch break is coming to an end soon.*
*In the end, she drops a final "Thank you very much" and then logs off.*
*I would have loved to play with her some more, but there's no time for that.*
Shuuji: But man, am I ever happy to finally get a Pegasus Tear.
*Though, I still need two more of them in order to craft the Pegasus equipment.*
Shuuji: I've got a good feel for the fight now, so I'm sure I can get the rest myself!
Shuuji: Time to return to the classroom.
Touko: Oh, if it isn't Hoshina-kun. Hello there!
Shuuji: Huh? Oh, Togakushi-senpai.
Touko: Long time no see. I've heard all about how you've joined the OC.
Shuuji: Yeah, well, a lot of stuff has happened.
Touko: So your confession worked out so well that you joined the same club as her, huh?
Shuuji: Look, I keep telling you, Senpai...
Touko: Yeah? What is it?
Shuuji: Like I told you the other day, I didn't confess to her.
Shuuji: A lot of stuff did happen, but none of it was romantic. Really.
Touko: Hehe... Doesn't look like you're hiding it out of embarrassment. Okie dokie. Sorry for being so insistent.
Shuuji: I'm just happy you understand now.
Touko: But you two must be getting along well if you joined her club, yeah?
Touko: There's something I'd like to ask you about that. Could you spare a moment? Or are you busy?
Shuuji: I was just heading back to class, so no, I've got nothing going on...
Touko: Great! Ah, I just finished my Student Council work and was about to buy a drink. Do you mind talking with me on the way there?
*I can only imagine how much attention I'll draw walking around with the idol of the third-years.*
*Luckily, though, the vending machines are between the two school buildings, and there is barely anyone in the second building during lunch break. I can't think of a reason to refuse.*
*...Hopefully it'll work out.*
Shuuji: Got it. But is it alright that we could be overheard? 
Touko: It's all good! There's just a little something I'd like to ask you.
Touko: Anyway, let's go.
Touko: So, about you joining the OC...
Shuuji: Is there some sort of problem?
Touko: Nope, no problems. I was just wondering... if it wasn't for romance, then did you maybe join out of pity?
Shuuji: Pity? Pity for what?
Touko: You heard about the club's situation, didn't you?
Shuuji: You mean how Ayachi-san might lose the clubroom due to insufficient members?
Touko: Yup, you got it. I'm happy the club is getting more members, but it'll be hard to convince everyone to let the OC keep the room if their new members don't participate.
Shuuji: Oh, so that's what you're talking about. I got it. Don't worry. I'm not just a member on paper.
Shuuji: I'm actively participating in the club.
Touko: Yeah? I'm happy to hear. Sorry if I was rude.
Shuuji: You weren't rude at all. It was really important to get that out of the way.
Touko: Thanks, Hoshina-kun.
Touko: Oh, and I know you're a young guy and girl alone in a room together, but you can't do anything dirty in the clubroom.
Shuuji: We won't!
Touko: 'Kay! Then it's all good.
Shuuji: By the way, what is that drink you bought?
Touko: Yogolate. I just love it. Mmm! It's so good!
Touko: So, what do you do in the Occult Club?
Shuuji: Well, I've only just joined, so... I guess we do stuff like fortune-telling, and as an extension of that, we listen to people's worries.
Touko: Ahh, now that you mention it, I've heard rumors about Ayachi-san helping with problems. Were those about the OC, then?
Touko: Are you currently helping anyone?
Shuuji: Yeah. Just one student, though.
*Oh, right. Togakushi-senpai is pretty dang popular too, isn't she?*
Shuuji: Hey, I have a question.
Touko: Hm? What is it?
Shuuji: How does someone become popular in their class?
Touko: Become popular? Hmm... That's one's a toughie.
Touko: Sorry, I don't really know. You'll have to ask someone who is actually popular.
Shuuji: That's why I'm asking you. You're really popular, you know?
Touko: No, not at all! The only reason I became president is because nobody else wanted to do it.
Shuuji: But isn't your approval rating really high?
Touko: I'm happy for that, but it's normal to get high approval ratings. You'd have to be a real weirdo to not have a high approval rating.
Touko: So, sorry, but I'm not fit for the big role of giving you advice.
Shuuji: If you're not fit, then no one is, if you ask me.
Touko: I'm happy to hear that, even if it's just flattery.
Shuuji: I didn't mean it as flattery, though. But anyway, I'd appreciate it if you had even some basic advice.
Touko: Let me think... A way to get popular...
Touko: I guess being cheerful, kind and talkative?
Touko: But if you're not careful, you might come off as self-important and people could hate you for it.
Shuuji: Man, this is pretty hard to pull off when intentionally going for it, huh?
Touko: Sorry I couldn't be of any help.
Shuuji: Don't be. It's a difficult matter, after all. Besides, what you said was helpful, actually. Thank you.
Touko: I haven't said anything special, really.
Touko: This may be rude of me to say, but I'm surprised the Occult Club's work is so difficult. To even have to help with stuff like that is tough.
Shuuji: Oh, right. I know it's a bit late to say this now, but can you keep this discussion a secret? Sorry.
Touko: No worries. I won't tell a soul. Keep it up at the club, okay?
Shuuji: Thank you.
Touko: That goes for finding another member as well. You still have time.
Shuuji: Okay. I'll work on that too.
Touko: Okay, I need to stop by the faculty room now. See you, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Ah, yeah. Bye.
*She gives a quick wave goodbye and then leaves the courtyard.*
*Guess I'll also be on my way and return to... Hm?*
*I spot a familiar girl exiting the second building.*
Shuuji: Huh? Inaba-san?
Meguru: Ah... H-Hoshina-senpai.
*Inaba-san looks down in embarrassment after I call out to her.*
*Why's that? What is there to be embarrassed about? *
Shuuji: Had business in the second building?
Meguru: Ah, no, not really.
*She shakes her head and hides something like a pouch behind her back.*
Shuuji: ......
*It's pretty easy to tell what that is.*
*It's her lunch box. Eating lunch by yourself can be pretty painful, so she probably went to eat somewhere deserted, like near the emergency exit or on the stairway to the roof.*
*And now she was just seen like that, alone and friendless... That must be mortifying.*
*...I know exactly how Inaba-san feels. And not because of my ability...*
*But because I've been in her exact position before.*
Meguru: Umm, and what are you doing here?
Shuuji: I spent most of our lunch break in the library. I'm heading back to class now.
Meguru: The library? That's unexpected for you. I didn't know you were so studious...
Shuuji: Err... Yeah, I guess.
*I was just there to play some video games though. I wouldn't exactly call that being studious...*
Meguru: Ah, there's the bell. Okay. I better head back to class.
Shuuji: Alright. See you after school.
*I really want to do something for her, but... it's already September.*
*We will need to somehow change the impression her classmates all have of her.*
Shuuji: Man, this is gonna be tough.
Nene: So, Hoshina-kun, have you thought of any ways to help Inaba-san?
Shuuji: Sorry, but things aren't looking good on my end. What about you?
Nene: It's the same for me. I did note down some of the popular opinions, though...
*Ayachi-san and I are meeting in the clubroom after school.*
*I've never seen her look more dejected.*
Shuuji: Yeah? What did you learn?
Nene: Well... Stuff like being kind to everyone, or being cheerful and talkative.
Shuuji: Yeah, I figured it'd be that.
Shuuji: I asked a lot of people too, and I did learn about one possible approach, but...
Nene: Huh? You found a way?
Shuuji: Kinda, but... this comes from Akita-san, so you should keep your expectations in check... Oh, um, I guess that was pretty rude of me.
Nene: What did she have to say?
*Our conversation is interrupted by a knock on the door.*
Meguru: Umm, it's me, Inaba.
Nene: Come on in.
Meguru: Thanks. Hello there.
Shuuji: Yeah, hi.
Meguru: Ah... Yeah...
Shuuji: ......
*Hmm... Is she still concerned about what happened during lunch?*
Meguru: S-So, Nene-senpai! How'd it go? Have you thought of a way for me to become popular?
Nene: ...I'm sorry. I've spent a lot of time thinking, but...
Meguru: I see... Well, that's okay. Nobody would struggle with this if it was that easy to become popular.
Nene: However, it seems that Hoshina-kun has found a possible way.
Meguru: What?! Is that true, Senpai?!
Shuuji: Well, kinda, but... this comes from a girl who couldn't be more different from you, so it's probably not what you're looking for.
Meguru: I'll worry about that later. Please tell me the method you learned!
Shuuji: ...Okay, how about we start out with practicing it?
Meguru: So, what am I supposed to do, Senpai?
Shuuji: Umm, so first of all, you create a "poyayaaan" kind of vibe. And I guess that will make others approach you.
Meguru: "Poyayaaan!" Wait, what the heck does this sound effect even mean?
Shuuji: Um, excuse me, but it's not a "sound effect." It's a mimetic word.
Meguru: Semantics... What's the difference? 
Shuuji: Well, um, I dunno how to explain it...
Nene: The difference is that mimetic words don't imitate actual sounds, but instead attempt to represent a certain feeling, right?
Shuuji: Ah, yeah. Pretty much that.
Meguru: But "poyayaaan"?...I'm sorry, but I have no idea what that means. Could you demonstrate it for me?
Shuuji: Me? Sure. First, loosen up your face kinda like this and then be like... "poyayaaan!"
Meguru: Holy crap, that's gross! You look so gross!
Shuuji: You asked me to do it! How could you say that?!
Meguru: Ah! I didn't mean to insult you or anything... I-I'm sorry! 
Shuuji: Oh, I'm not really that upset... Sorry. I was overreacting a little.
*...She's unexpectedly sincere and tender.*
*I kinda just retorted like I would when talking to Kariya and Kaidou. Maybe I should talk to her a bit more gently.*
*Anyway, moving on...*
Shuuji: Hmm...
================================================================================
*The bell rings, signaling the beginning of our lunch break and stirring the classroom into life.*
Hideaki: Yo, whatcha doing for lunch?
Shuuji: Hm? I'm going to the cafeteria, like always.
Hideaki: Then let's go together.
Shuuji: Sure, but I'm not treating you, alright?
Hideaki: I'm not expecting you to.
Wakana: Ah, you two going to the school cafeteria? I'll come with.
Hideaki: What should I have today? The fried shrimp in meal A is good, but it's pretty expensive.
Shuuji: And what should I get? Maybe Oyakodon?
Hideaki: Oh, I could go for a rice bowl.
Wakana: I think I'll go with the fried chicken.
Hideaki: Ah! The fried chicken is great! Man, this is hard!
Hideaki: But are you sure you wanna go with that? Won't you gain some weight?
Shuuji: Why don't you show some tact for once?
Wakana: Please. You're just as tactless as him.
Shuuji: Seriously?!
Wakana: You didn't realize?
*She actually means it. I had no idea...*
*I should be more careful. I don't want to upset anyone.*
Wakana: Look, Kaidou, I just need to get enough exercise to burn off the excess calories.
Hideaki: Oh, I see.
Wakana: Now's a great opportunity for some exercise. Here, be my punching bag for me.
Hideaki: H-Hey, hold on! Would you really punch your own friend?!
Hideaki: Thank you!
Wakana: Eww! I forgot you're such a masochist!
Hideaki: W-Well, it's what I deserve. I only brought this upon myself with my rudeness. I'll put up with a few punches.
Hideaki: Bring it!
Wakana: Heck no! Help me, Hoshina!
Shuuji: There's no stopping him now. Just leave him be.
*As we're heading towards the cafeteria, a certain underclassman passes us.*
Meguru: Ah!
Shuuji: Oh...
Meguru: ......
*Inaba-san averts her eyes and walks away from her classroom, holding the same pouch I saw her with yesterday. *
*I can sense her embarrassment stemming from me seeing her by herself again, and loneliness.*
Shuuji: ......
Wakana: Hm? Hoshina? What's wrong?
Hideaki: Let's hurry, man!
Shuuji: Sorry, but I just remembered I have something to do. I'll have to eat without you guys.
Hideaki: Oh, yeah?
Wakana: What is it you have to do?
Shuuji: Just a little club-related matter. Sorry guys. See you later.
*With those as my parting words, I jog away down the hallway.*
Meguru: *sigh*...
Shuuji: What's the sigh for?
Meguru: Hyah?! Wh-Wh-Wh-What?! H-Hoshina-senpai? What are you doing here?
Shuuji: I'm eating lunch, duh.
Meguru: Huh? But weren't you going to eat with the friends I just saw you with?
Shuuji: They wanted a cafeteria lunch, but I wanted some buns, so here I am.
Shuuji: So, Inaba-san...
Meguru: What is it?
Shuuji: Would you mind having lunch with me today?
Meguru: ...Come again? You mean... me?
Shuuji: You don't want to?
Meguru: No, that's not it...
Shuuji: Great! Then let's go.
Meguru: O-Okay.
Shuuji: Your lunch looks pretty good. Do you make them yourself?
Meguru: No, of course not. My mom does.
Shuuji: Huh.
Meguru: What about you? Do you eat buns often?
Shuuji: I go back and forth between that and cafeteria meals. Can't get anything else with my family circumstances.
Meguru: Oh, okay... But is that enough for a growing boy?
Shuuji: Hm? Well, not always. Whenever it's not enough, I eat some cup ramen as soon as I get home.
Meguru: That doesn't sound very healthy.
Meguru: You leave me no choice. Out of pity, I shall bestow upon you one of my chicken bites.
*Inaba-san places a chicken bite on top of my bun. *
Shuuji: You sure?
Meguru: Just for today, as thanks for letting me eat here...
Shuuji: Then I'll gladly accept it. Thanks.
*I place the chicken into my bun and take a large bite.*
*It's cold, but delicious. It has a very different taste to the store-bought stuff. So this what a homemade lunch tastes like, huh?*
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: ...? What's the matter?
Shuuji: Nothing. I was just thinking about how good that tasted.
Shuuji: Lemme have one of them rolled omelets too!
Meguru: Huh? Ah, hey! How could you just steal stuff from my lunch like that?!
Shuuji: Hey, relax. You have another one left, right?
Meguru: I was leaving them for last because they're my favorite! I can't believe you just took one! You're the worst!
Shuuji: Okay, okay. I'm sorry. Here, I'll let you have the rest of my bun in exchange.
Meguru: Gyaah! I don't want your half-eaten bun! That's filthy!
Shuuji: Wow, that's rude! Incredibly rude!
Meguru: G-Get that thing out of my face!
*And so we enjoy our lunches, messing around with each other all the while.*
Meguru: Thanks for the meal.
Shuuji: Thanks for the meal.
*Now that our noisy lunchtime is over, things have become more relaxed.*
*It was kinda surprising, but I didn't sense any annoyance or discomfort from Inaba-san through all that.*
*I was expecting a bit more awkwardness, so I might have gotten carried away when I noticed she was willing to play along.*
*But... that's fine, right? It was pretty fun, after all.*
Meguru: Umm, Senpai?
Shuuji: Yeah?
Meguru: Thank you for today.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Don't thank me. I mean, I'm the one who asked you to keep me company.
Meguru: Oh, that's right. You did.
Shuuji: Well, how about this? As thanks for joining me today, I'll do something with you sometime.
Shuuji: And I'm pretty sure Ayachi-san would join too if you asked her. Feel free to ask us whenever.
Meguru: ...Okay. Thank you very much.
Shuuji: Alright... We're done eating, so are you gonna head back now?
Meguru: What about you? Are you going to lock the room already?
Shuuji: No, I was gonna stay here for a bit longer.
Meguru: Then I'll stay too. There's something I want to do while I'm here.
Shuuji: What's that?
Meguru: That would be this... Ta-daaa!
*She whips out a 3DW.*
*...Huh? A 3DW?*
Meguru: I actually really love MonHun! I'm pretty into it.
Shuuji: Huh, really? I didn't think girls were into those kinds of games.
Meguru: Well, I initially got it to help me relate with my classmates, but I ended up really enjoying playing it by myself. Especially since I've got nothing else to do, anyway.
Shuuji: Wow, that's depressing. And pretty heavy.
Meguru: ...What, do you think I'm a weirdo now?
Shuuji: No, of course not. I mean, I play it solo a lot too.
Meguru: Really?
Shuuji: Well, yeah. Off and on.
Meguru: Then do you want to play together? Do you have your 3DW with you?
Shuuji: Yeah. Give me a sec.
*I take out my 3DW, switch it on and wait for the game to start up.*
Meguru: Do you play multiplayer often, Senpai?
Shuuji: No, hardly ever. I sometimes team up with random players, but that's all.
Meguru: I'm pretty much the same way. Ah, speaking of that...
Meguru: I actually ran into a really funny player yesterday. 
Shuuji: ...Yesterday?
Meguru: He wasn't very good... Actually, he just plain sucked. This guy played lance but he always stuck super close to the monster.
Shuuji: ...Lance, huh?
Meguru: I didn't want to just let him die, so I healed him up with a healing bullet, but then this dude actually stopped moving to thank me and got blown away by the monster!
Meguru: That was so freaking funny! Isn't that hilarious?
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: Huh? Senpai? What's wrong?
*I join the multiplayer lobby without saying a word.*
*Inaba-san's character is already in the lobby. The name that pops up is awfully familiar.*
*As is my name to her.*
Meguru: Ah, Nucha...san.
Shuuji: What is it, Lavie-san?
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: W-Well, everyone goes through that phase at some point! That kinda thing happens to the best of us when we're new, haha!
Shuuji: Thanks a lot for yesterday. I really appreciate the healing bullets you shot me with.
Meguru: ...Y-You're welcome.
Meguru: And, um, I want to thank you as well. I mean, like, playing with you was fun!
Shuuji: Yeah? I'm glad I was able to amuse you...
Meguru: It's not like that! It's really not! I wasn't bothered by your play. It was heartwarming... or something like that.
Shuuji: It's okay. I know I suck...
Meguru: Waaah! Please forgive me!
*Lavie was seriously Inaba-san?! Man...*
Shuuji: Well, anyway... Let's just move on.
Shuuji: How much have you played so far? What's your level?
Meguru: You mean my playtime? Around 300 hours. I'm something like level 91 right now.
Shuuji: 300 hours?! It's only been two months since release! What the hell. You're seriously addicted.
Meguru: Wha... What? Is something wrong with that?
Shuuji: Oh, no, that's fine actually. I was just surprised, since I only have around 100 hours played so far.
Shuuji: You should've said that you had a hobby like this! You can easily become popular in your class if you're that far into the game.
Meguru: Y-You think?
Shuuji: I do. And this would be the best time to take advantage of that.
Shuuji: Your support during multiplayer was superb, so I'm positive that would work.
*It will only be a couple more weeks before people start getting tired of the game.*
*And eventually, everyone else will get gear as good as hers, making her less special.*
*This is her time to shine!*
Shuuji: I think you should give it a shot.
*Inaba-san puts her drink down and pulls out her 3DW, signaling that she has already eaten lunch.*
*She then turns the game on and begins to play.*
*By the way, I obviously can't enter her classroom, so I was gonna go back to my own, but...*
*I'm dying to know if this plan will work.*
*So I'm looking into the classroom from a distance.*
Meguru: ......
Meguru: (Is this really going to work?)
Meguru: (Should I actually start a quest? Or should I wait in the lobby? Wait, it'd be best to just play a quest normally instead of making it look like I'm waiting for someone to join, right?)
*I decide to start up a hunt for a dragon when a girl approaches me.*
Female Classmate A: Huh? Inaba-san, is that a 3DW? What're you playing?
Meguru: Ah, umm... M-MonHun.
Female Classmate A: Oh, that game's pretty popular. Is it fun?
Meguru: Ah, yeah. I like it a lot.
Female Classmate A: Oh? Oh yeah, that's right...
Female Classmate A: Hey, don't you play MonHun?
Female Classmate B: Huh? Me? I've played some of the games, but I haven't bought the new one yet.
Female Classmate B: Why do you ask? Are you playing it?
Female Classmate A: No, not me. Inaba-san is.
Female Classmate B: Oh really? How is 4th? Like, the mechanics.
Meguru: Ah, umm, it's pretty good! They have this new mounting mechanic. I think you'll really like this one if you liked the others.
Female Classmate B: A mounting mechanic?
Male Classmate A: What's this? You guys play MonHun? We've been really into it lately.
Female Classmate B: No, not me. Inaba-san's been playing it.
Male Classmate B: Really? Inaba-san, how much have you played?
Meguru: Umm... Around 300 hours... I'm level 91.
Female Classmate B: 300 hours?! That's crazy! It's kinda funny.
Male Classmate B: I'm just impressed.
Male Classmate A: Oh, have you cleared the current event quest? I haven't been able to yet.
Meguru: Ah, yeah. I have.
Male Classmate A: For real? Could you help me with it?
Meguru: Oh, okay. Sure.
Shuuji: Ohh... This is going better than I expected. 
*This is great.*
*Way to go, MonHun. There's not a better relationship-building tool out there!*
Shuuji: She'll be just fine now.
*Relieved, I decide to take my leave.*
*I suppose this marks my first request fulfilled.*
Shuuji: It feels pretty dang good... Hehe.
*This was a lot more fulfilling than I thought it would be.*
*And so I head back to class, basking in the satisfaction of a job well done.*
*But then, after school...*
Meguru: This sucks. I can't take this... This is so annoying.
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: Hey, are you listening, Senpai?
Shuuji: Yeah, I am. Stop banging on the table.
Shuuji: What're you whining about, anyway? It looked like you were having a ton of fun with your classmates during lunch break!
Nene: Is that so? How did you accomplish that?
Shuuji: I found out that Inaba-san is actually good at games, so I figured she could use that to make friends.
Nene: At games?
Shuuji: Yeah. A game called Monster Huntsman, to be specific. Ever heard of it?
Nene: No, sorry. I know next to nothing about games...
Shuuji: Oh really? They're constantly running commercials for it on TV.
Shuuji: Anyway, it's an action game where you fight huge monsters.
Nene: Oh, okay.
Shuuji: Thanks to that game, she instantly became the girl of the hour in her class.
Nene: But now she's complaining... What happened?
Meguru: I got on some of the girls' bad sides... This really sucks.
Shuuji: On their bad side? How?
Meguru: They think I'm just playing a game that boys are into to make them like me.
Shuuji: Huh? What?
Meguru: They treated me like I'm trying to seduce the boys. Like I'm playing the game to become popular with the boys.
Shuuji: Seriously? As if there'd be a girl who'd put 300 hours into solo play just to get liked by some random guys.
Meguru: I know, right? I obviously wouldn't! But that's what the girls think. It doesn't make any sense.
Shuuji: I didn't know so much drama could come from girls having boyish hobbies... That's crazy.
*But yeah... I know she couldn't keep delaying things, but maybe opening the game up in the classroom was too blatant of an attention grab.*
*But still, is that a good enough reason to hate someone? I didn't expect the girls to react like this...*
Shuuji: I'm sorry, Inaba-san. I didn't think this through...
Meguru: O-Oh no! Don't get me wrong. They just sorta feel that way. They aren't actively hating me or anything.
Nene: You said it was some of the girls... Does that mean some others reacted positively?
Meguru: Well, umm... Yeah. I've found girls I can play the game with.
Nene: Is that so? That's great. What a relief.
Shuuji: So I guess that means you've at least found a place in your class. I'm really happy to hear that.
*It's not like Inaba-san wanted to become the most popular girl around.*
*She just wanted a place among her peers. That is all she needs.*
Meguru: Right. Thank you so much, Ayachi-senpai, Hoshina-senpai.
Meguru: But, umm... It might take some time for me to fully blend in... So if I need to talk or anything happens, would it be okay if I... stopped by again?
Nene: Yes, we don't mind. Please come by again whenever you need us.
Meguru: Thank you, Ayachi-senpai.
Shuuji: So, that report was the reason you stopped by today?
Meguru: That was one reason, yeah. But I'm mainly here for you.
Shuuji: For me? Why? What do you mean?
Meguru: You know. You still need more materials to craft the Pegasus equipment, don't you? So I'm here to help you.
Shuuji: But shouldn't you do that with your class?
Meguru: The boys had their 3DWs with them, but not the girls. And if I play too much with the boys, then, you know...
Shuuji: Oh, right.
*Man, friendship between girls sounds like a real pain in the ass to maintain.*
Meguru: But... I also want to thank you for...
Meguru: No, forget that! It's MonHun time, Senpai! You want those event items, right?
Shuuji: Yeah, I do. Thanks!
Shuuji: But, gee, I sure do suck, don't I? It would be a shame if I held you back!
Meguru: I said I'm sorry already! Why do you have to keep bringing it up?! How spiteful can you be?!
Meguru: Geeeeez! You're so annoying! You're so totally freaking annoyiiing!
Shuuji: How dare you insult me!!
================================================================================
Shuuji: M-Mhh... Fuaahhh~~~ It's morning already...?
Shuuji: I'm so tired... But I gotta get up and make breakfast.
*I get out of bed, get changed, make breakfast and head to school.*
Hideaki: Hey.
Shuuji: Yo. Good morning.
Hideaki: What's the first period today, again?
Shuuji: Math, isn't it?
Hideaki: Math, huh... Man, why do they have to make the first class such a boring one... *yawn*
Shuuji: Not getting enough sleep?
Hideaki: I'm getting sleep, but the late night TV series' this season are so good that I always stay up late.
Shuuji: I didn't know you watched so much TV.
Hideaki: I don't usually, but...
Hideaki: You and Wakana-chan have been so busy lately, so I don't have anything left to do but watch TV... *sniff*
Shuuji: Don't get sulky on me.
Hideaki: I'm not sulking... But anyway, how's it going with you?
Shuuji: What do you mean?
Hideaki: Your club, man. Is it fun?
Shuuji: Well... Yeah, for the most part.
Hideaki: You guys busy? You're going there every day.
Shuuji: Not exactly. I mean, we're just read other people's fortunes and help them with their problems, so...
Hideaki: So you've got nothing to do if no one shows up.
Shuuji: And we don't get guests with problems every day, so we have a lot of free time.
Shuuji: But that doesn't mean I can just go home. So I'm basically just spacing out in the clubroom.
Hideaki: What's the problem? You have Ayachi-san with you too, right? What do you two talk about when you're alone?
Shuuji: Hm, I don't know... Nothing special, really. Stuff like what we found difficult in class.
Shuuji: We don't really do a lot of chatting.
Hideaki: That so?
Shuuji: Ayachi-san reads a lot of books, so I don't want to disturb her.
Hideaki: So she's into reading, huh? Nice. That really fits her graceful and refined look.
Shuuji: Yeah, she does look great when reading.
Hideaki: Not having anything to do doesn't sound like it would be so bad if I got to watch her read.
Shuuji: Though, these days, we aren't alone much.
Hideaki: Huh? You aren't?
*It's been about three weeks since I joined the OC.*
*And my time alone with Ayachi-san lasted for little more than a week. It stopped right when Inaba-san came to us with her request.*
*It ceased being just the two of us the day after solving Inaba-san's problem. That's because...*
Meguru: Ah, Senpai! Helloha!
Nene: Good morning, Inaba-san.
Meguru: How is it going, Senpai? Have you gotten used to MonHun yet?
Nene: Well, I'm playing it, but... I don't know how to stop missing my attacks.
Meguru: What weapon are you using? Still the cutlass you started out with?
Nene: No, I'm using the claws now.
Meguru: The claws?! You have a peculiar taste. That's surprising. I mean, it's a very difficult weapon type since it's ultra close range.
Nene: Huh? Are claws a bad choice?
Meguru: No, they're not. It's just that they're difficult for beginners. It's not surprising that you're struggling.
Nene: I see... I didn't know claws were hard for beginners.
Meguru: But, well, mastery always comes with practice! It's not like you shouldn't use them just because you're new! 
Nene: I'm glad to hear that. I'll try my best and keep practicing.
Meguru: By the way, Senpai, are you enjoying the game itself?
Nene: The controls are hard, but I do enjoy it, yes. This is my first time playing a game like this.
Meguru: I'm happy to hear that.
Nene: But I'm sorry for having to borrow it from you. You can't play it anymore this way.
Meguru: No, don't worry about it. I have another 3DW, though it has a smaller screen.
Nene: I might go and buy my own 3DW and game the next chance I have.
Meguru: Really? I'd be psyched if more people got into MonHun with me!
Meguru: But, umm... Ayachi-senpai, I have a request... if it's okay with you.
Nene: What is it?
Meguru: Would it be okay if I... c-called you by your first name?
Nene: My first name? Of course, I don't mind.
Meguru: Okay, then, umm... N-Nene-senpai.
Nene: ......
Meguru: We're friends, so I thought it'd be okay to call you this way now. I've kinda been dreaming of this moment... Are you not okay with it?
Nene: N-No, it's perfectly fine. I'm just not used to it... It's a little embarrassing.
Meguru: So it's alright then, Nene-senpai?
Nene: Ah... Yes. We're friends... after all.
Meguru: Yay! Thank you so much!
Nene: Mmph! H-Hey, Inaba-san, I can't breathe! And people are watching...
Meguru: Wow, you smell great, Senpai! Your conditioner must be amazing. What kind is it?
Nene: I just use normal conditioner...
Meguru: Really? Then... you must just naturally smell this good.
Nene: H-Hey, stop it, Inaba-san! No, stop sniffing me!
Meguru: What's the big deal? Wow, your skin is so silky too... It's like the super smooth skin you get after a bath!
Nene: You have to stop, Inaba-san. This is really embarrassing.
Meguru: Oh, sorry. Do you not like being hugged?
Nene: It's not that I hate it, but... I-I'm not used it... It's embarrassing.
Meguru: Hehe, you're so cute, Nene-senpai.
Nene: Th-This is a problem. Do you hug everyone like this?
Meguru: Huh? No, not at all. I only ever hug you like this.
Nene: I-Is that so...?
Meguru: I only hug people I really like. Maybe... you don't want to?
Meguru: You see, I tend to have only a few friends, but I keep them very close... I worry sometimes that I come off as annoying though...
Nene: O-Oh no, it's not annoying or unpleasant... It's just a little hard for me to breathe.
Meguru: Then how about a gentler hug like this?
Nene: Th-That's better... I can breathe just fine now. I wouldn't mind if your hugs were more like this.
Meguru: Thank you, Nene-senpai!
Shuuji: ......
*I see. Ayachi-san smells good and has silky smooth skin, huh? Very interesting.*
Hideaki: Girl on girl, huh...
Shuuji: It's not bad.
Hideaki: You said it.
Hideaki: What's up with that girl, anyway? I'm so jealous of her. What's her deal?
Shuuji: She's a freshman who asked for our help with something a while back. She's been hanging out in the clubroom with us ever since.
Hideaki: They seem pretty close for a couple of people who just met. They were even hugging.
Shuuji: Yeah, it didn't take long, did it? Inaba-san is like a puppy. Once she decides she likes someone, she gets super attached.
Shuuji: She's a good girl, and Ayachi-san can never say no to her, so this is how things turned out.
Hideaki: Or maybe Ayachi-san is flustered because she doesn't know how to deal with her.
Shuuji: Maybe that's a part of it, but she doesn't seem to hate it, so I don't see the problem.
*At least, I can't sense any displeasure from her.*
Hideaki: Hmm... Well, either way, I'm happy you seem to be enjoying club.
Shuuji: Yeah, it's fun, though I wish there was a bit more to do...
*It's been a little dull lately, but more importantly, we aren't getting any heart fragments.*
Shuuji: On that note, you wouldn't have anything bothering you, would you?.........Nah, your life is too simple for that.
Hideaki: Mind if I go cry in a corner for a bit?
Hideaki: Of course I have some worries of my own.
Shuuji: Seriously?!
Hideaki: Why are you so surprised?
Shuuji: Well, I know you're always whining about a lot of petty crap, but I didn't think you'd have any serious issues. That's a surprise.
Hideaki: Look, I'm a normal young man. I have just as many worries as the next guy.
Shuuji: Yeah, I guess.
Shuuji: So, what's been bothering you?
Hideaki: Er, well... Don't ask.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
*What is that reaction?*
*And I'm getting a bit of a tingling sensation. It's like electricity is running through my body.*
*Is this related to Kaidou's concern?*
*I'm sure I've felt this tingling sensation before... What was it?*
Shuuji: Hmm...... Hm?
*I take a good look at Kaidou as I scour my memories. He's... looking away out of embarrassment.*
*Why? What's he embarrassed about? Oh, that's right. Now I remember...*
Shuuji: Huh? Wait, are you for real?
Hideaki: Wh... What is it?
Shuuji: Could it be... there's a girl you have a crush on?
Hideaki: ......
Hideaki: And what if I do? Am I not allowed to fall in love?
Shuuji: No, of course you can... I was just surprised. I never would've expected this from you.
Shuuji: Who is it?
Hideaki: As if I'd tell you! Idiot.
Shuuji: Don't be like that. Maybe I could help give you some advice or something.
Hideaki: ......
Shuuji: I'm serious. I'm not teasing you or messing around here. I want to help you out, like any good friend would.
Hideaki: You're creeping me out dude. 
Shuuji: Wow. How incredibly insulting.
Hideaki: Sorry, my bad. I didn't mean that in a bad way. This is just out of character for you.
Shuuji: You have a point, but I'm in the OC now. Besides...
*After dealing with Inaba-san's problem, I've come to realize that I should cherish anyone willing to be friends with my sorry ass.*
Hideaki: Yeah...? Besides what?
Shuuji: It's nothing.
*There's no way I could tell him something that embarrassing!*
Shuuji: Anyway, you can tell me whatever's bothering you.
Shuuji: And besides, I'm in the OC, so I could ask Ayachi-san in order to get another girl's opinion.
Hideaki: Ahh... That could be helpful, yeah. I mean, the only female friend I have is Wakana-chan.
Shuuji: Kariya is a nice girl and all, but she's pretty damn boyish when it comes to romance and stuff. She's not really your typical girl in a lot of ways...
Hideaki: I can't deny that.
Hideaki: Ah, but I guess this person isn't exactly your typical lady.
Shuuji: Oh?
Hideaki: Whoa?! Forget that! I didn't say that!
Shuuji: A "lady," huh? Is she an older girl? Maybe an upperclassman? Come on, tell me! Now I'm even more curious.
Hideaki: Jeeesus, leave me alone already! I'm not gonna tell you!
Shuuji: Okay, fine. Have it your way.
Shuuji: But didn't you also say you wanted to get closer to Ayachi-san before?
Hideaki: That's totally different. Any guy would try to become friends with her if possible.
Shuuji: I guess.
*Really, though. Kaidou has a crush on someone... There's nothing wrong with that, but it is pretty surprising.*
Kanae: Okay, that's it for today's announcements.
Kanae: Oh, one more thing actually. The second building's plumbing will be undergoing maintenance Monday until the early afternoon. The building's bathrooms will be out of order for the duration.
Kanae: I believe that's all... Yeah. If you're going home, don't loiter. If you have a club, then give it your all. Class is dismissed.
Shuuji: ...Give it my all, huh?
*The only problem I've solved since joining the OC is Inaba-san's.*
*We've had girls come over for fortune-telling, but no one with an actual concrete problem they want help with.*
*Which means there has been zero progress since the day she retrieved Kariya's fragments of happiness.*
*We may not have a deadline or anything, but I still don't like how long this is taking.*
Nene: Ahh! No, not there! Ahh! Oh god, oh god. I can't handle this! Aaahhn!
Meguru: You're just exaggerating. Look, here too.
Nene: Nooo, not two places at once. I really can't handle this!
Meguru: What are you saying? We're only just getting started.
Nene: Th-Three places at once?! N-Not so rough! This is too much for me! Ah, ah, ah! I'm gonna die, I'm gonna dieee!
Nene: Ah, aaah... I really did die. The quest failed because it was my third death. I didn't expect them to come from three places at once.
Meguru: Yeah, there are three, but they're not too strong on their own, so you should be okay if you deal with them calmly.
Nene: That's what you say, but... this quest is just too difficult for a beginner like me.
Shuuji: ......
*I gotta say, that sounded pretty erotic, Ayachi-san.*
*You'd never know those were MonHun reactions going by her voice alone.*
*It really startled me. I thought she was having another one of those fits for a moment.*
Meguru: You can keep my 3DW for a bit longer, Senpai. Keep at it!
Nene: Thank you, Inaba-san.
Meguru: Alright then, what quest do you want to try next?
Nene: Let's see... I would like one that is a little bit easier, so maybe this low-difficulty one would be good.
Meguru: Then let's jump right into it!
*And that's how Inaba-san has been teaching Ayachi-san the basics of MonHun.*
*That's the main thing our club has been doing the past couple days, outside of the occasional visitor who wants their fortune read.*
*It's great they're having fun and all, but... it'd be nice if we also had something more occult-ish going on, or at least more students coming in with some problems.*
Nene: But please let me have a short break first. My eyes are tired.
Meguru: Yeah, that can happen if you focus on the game too much.
Nene: And I've already been playing for around an hour.
Meguru: For me, it's more like it's ONLY been one hour.
Shuuji: That just means she isn't very used to playing games in general. It's better not to overdo it in the beginning.
Meguru: True. But, Nene-senpai, does this club not have much to do or something? It's been like this every day lately.
Nene: It is not like we get a people coming in asking for help every day. There are a lot of slow days too. But once someone does come, a whole bunch usually follow.
Shuuji: Oh, yeah? Is that so?
Meguru: That's surprising. With who's running the club, I figured you'd have a full house every day.
Nene: It used to be like that in the beginning, but then I figured that all the casual visitors would drive the ones with more serious issues away.
Meguru: Ahh, got it. That's why I haven't been seeing anyone stopping by for fun.
Shuuji: By the way, Inaba-san.
Meguru: Yeah?
Shuuji: How's it going in your class? I mean, you're here all the time these days.
Meguru: Hmm, not bad... I guess. I found some girls who play MonHun with me, like I said.
Meguru: But things would get annoying if I stood out too much. Besides, spending time with Nene-senpai is so fun!
Nene: ......
Meguru: Ah! But I definitely feel more comfortable there than before. Really, thanks for what you did for me.
Shuuji: That's great.
Meguru: I decided to handle the rest myself. So far, so good.
Shuuji: On that note, do any of your friends in class have any worries or problems?
Meguru: Huh? Let me think... Hmm...
Shuuji: No one comes to mind? Like, no one who looks really depressed lately or anything?
Shuuji: I figured there'd be some with romantic concerns or something. Is there not any talk like that going around?
Meguru: Well, some girls are like that, but... that can actually be a pretty touchy subject among girls.
Shuuji: Because it's embarrassing?
Meguru: There's that, but when girls discuss love-related stuff with other girls, they're doing it to keep each other in check. There are some mind games at play, so they pick and choose when to talk.
Nene: To... keep them in check?
Meguru: Yeah. When they say "I'm in love with A-kun," what they're really saying is "I've called dibs on A-kun, so you girls keep your hands off him, alright?"
Nene: That's what they mean when they say that? I had no idea...
Shuuji: Is it first come, first served or what?
Meguru: Things can get ugly for you if you don't catch all the hidden meanings behind what other girls say.
Meguru: Like, you'd get into serious trouble even if A-kun confessed to you on his own.
Shuuji: I don't see how you could be to blame for someone confessing to you... And it doesn't matter how the one being confessed to feels?
Meguru: That's just how it is. It's an ironclad rule among girls. Especially for those from the same cliques.
Shuuji: How can you talk about this so casually? I don't know if I could deal with having to follow such an absurd rule. 
*Inaba-san is rapidly eroding the pure image I had of girls.*
Nene: Do boys not have anything like that?
Shuuji: I dunno. I guess it depends... At least, I feel like when guys bring up that kind of thing, it's to ask for advice and not to keep each other in check.
Shuuji: So, what if you have girls like Ayachi-san who all sorts of students consult? Girls who go to her genuinely want advice, right?
Meguru: Nene-senpai, are you often asked "Who do you have a crush on?" before someone consults you?
Nene: Now that you've mentioned it, I do get that question a lot.
Shuuji: And how do you answer?
Nene: Truthfully. There is no one like that.
Meguru: Which means they always confirm if Nene-senpai is a potential rival before consulting her.
Shuuji: Huh. Interesting.
Shuuji: What if she happened to have a crush on the same person?
Meguru: "Ohh, I see. What now? I have a crush on him too... But I don't stand a chance against you, do I?"
Meguru: Like that, she would look pitiful and corner Nene-senpai into saying something like "That's not true. You should fight for him." And so Nene-senpai would end up rooting for her.
Meguru: The point of all that would be to mark her territory and say "Stay away," no questions asked.
Shuuji: Holy crap... That's intense.
Meguru: So yeah, that's why girls tend not to consult each other on romance.
*Man, girls are scary.*
Nene: Being a girl is a lot more complicated than I thought. It seems pretty tough.
Shuuji: Uh, you do realize that you're a girl too, right?
Meguru: Hmm... But come to think of it, I feel like Kawakami-kun looked kinda down...
Shuuji: Is that a classmate of yours?
Meguru: Yeah. He's one of the boys from my class. He was looking pretty depressed, when he's usually laughing and goofing off with his friends. 
Meguru: Okay! He might still be in the classroom. I'll go and check.
Nene: Ah, but... Won't that be a bother to you?
Meguru: Not at all. Am I... being annoying?
Nene: No, absolutely not. If Kawakami-kun really is worried about something, then I would like to help him.
Meguru: Then I'll go and look for him. You've helped me, so I want to repay the favor. Please let me help, if you don't mind.
Nene: Inaba-san... Thank you. Please help us out, then.
Meguru: Yeah! Okay, I'll be on my way!
*Inaba-san replies cheerfully and leaves the room.*
*...She really is a sincere, good girl.*
*More than 20 minutes have passed since Inaba-san left the clubroom.*
*That's a long time for simply fetching someone.*
*Is she still out there, looking for him? If so, I'd feel bad for making her go through that.*
*My thoughts are interrupted by some sounds coming from the hallway.*
Meguru: I'm back!
Kawakami?: Hey, what's the deal, Inaba?! Why'd you drag me here...?
Meguru: You've got something worrying you, right? Something you can't figure out? We want to help you. Really. This isn't a prank or anything.
Kawakami?: Yeah, but...
Meguru: Nene-senpai! I brought him over!
Nene: Thank you, Inaba-san.
Meguru: Hehehe~ I'm glad you're happy.
Nene: Thank you, but... It's a little hard to breathe. Nnngh.
Meguru: Hehehe! Hugging you feels so good!
*Man, Inaba-san really does look like a puppy when she's like this.*
*You can practically see her wagging her tail and being all, "tell me I'm a good girl!"*
Shuuji: You tend to get awfully touchy-feely, don't you, Inaba-san?
Meguru: Hmm. Well, it's a pain having to follow everyone's expectations, and I like doing it.
Shuuji: Ahh. That's pretty girly of you.
Kawakami?: Heeey, Inaba? Can I leave?
Shuuji: Ahh, sorry. I'm Hoshina Shuuji from class 2-A, and the girl Inaba-san is hugging is Ayachi Nene-san.
Kawakami?: Right... I'm Kawakami Koudai from class 1-D.
Shuuji: Kawakami-kun, do you have anything worrying you? Inaba-san told us that you've been looking depressed lately.
Shuuji: You can ask us for help if there's anything troubling you.
Kawakami: What? Ask you for help? Umm, what is this about?
Shuuji: Right. I guess it's normal to be confused. We really do want to help, though. I'll explain everything, if you have the time. Okay?
Kawakami: Well, I am free. Okay...
Shuuji: Thanks. Then let me tell you about our club.
*I proceed to give Kawakami-kun a concise rundown of what we're about.*
*Mentioning anything witch-related is out of the question, so I keep it to the OC and how Ayachi-san is offering advice and help for students with problems. *
Shuuji: And that's how we're helping students with their problems as part of our club activities.
Kawakami: Oh, okay.
Meguru: He's not making things up. It's widely known among the girls, so you can rest assured.
Kawakami: No, it's not like I'm doubting it... You guys wouldn't have anything to gain from tricking me, anyway.
Nene: So then Kawakami-kun, what do you say? Do you mind consulting us, the Occult Club, on any of your worries?
Nene: We will take this seriously and keep everything you say a secret. I promise.
Meguru: Oh, by the way, I consulted them too, and I'm really glad I did.
Meguru: So, in all seriousness now, would you tell us about your worries?
Kawakami: ......
Kawakami: Y-You won't tell anyone?
Nene: Yes, I promise. Whatever you say won't leave this room.
Shuuji: I promise I won't tell anyone. I won't even tell anyone that you've visited us.
Kawakami: Inaba, you won't tell anyone either?
Meguru: I won't. I'm good at keeping secrets.
Kawakami: ......
*Ah, I can tell what Kawakami-kun is thinking. His doubt is written plain on his face.*
*Understandable, really. That's an impression anyone would get based on Inaba-san's looks.*
*But she's a good and caring girl, so I'm sure she can keep a secret.*
Shuuji: We won't force you, but if this isn't something you can solve on your own, then please consider asking us.
Kawakami: ......
Kawakami: Alright. I'll take you up on that.
Nene: Okay. So, what's been bothering you lately?
Kawakami: Well... I just recently got a g... girlfriend.
Meguru: Huh?! For real?! When did that happen?!
Shuuji: Have you been keeping your relationship a secret?
Kawakami: No, we haven't! We just haven't been going out of our way to tell everyone...
Meguru: Huh? Who is it? The person you're going out with, I mean?
Kawakami: This kind of questioning is why I haven't been telling anyone.
Meguru: Ah, sorry. Curiosity got the better of me. I'm sorry I interrupted you. Go on.
Kawakami: ...So, anyway, we're going on a date this Sunday.
Shuuji: Your first date?
Kawakami: Yeah. It's my first date... with any girl, actually...
Kawakami: So, umm, the thing is...
Shuuji: Let me guess... You've been agonizing over how to plan your first date?
Kawakami: Exactly... Man, this is so embarrassing!
*The first date with his first girlfriend, huh?*
*Yeah, there's a ton to think about. Like, how to dress, where to go, what to eat...*
Nene: Can you not discuss where you want to go together with your girlfriend?
Kawakami: Not really... I mean, this is our first date we're talking about.
Meguru: His girlfriend might think of him as unreliable if he did that. Most girls would want the boy to take the lead here.
Nene: Oh... Is that how it works?
Shuuji: And I'm guessing that, since you want us to keep this secret... She goes to this school?
Kawakami: ...Yeah. I don't know what to do anymore.
Kawakami: I looked up some stuff on the internet, but half of the sources said to go to the movies, while the other half said not to.
Kawakami: The more information I gather, the more I confused I get! And to make things worse, I don't have much money... *sigh*...
Shuuji: So that rules out anywhere out of the neighborhood.
Shuuji: Can I ask you what kind of girl she is?
Nene: Right. Our advice will be better if we know what kind of person she is. Would you mind telling us?
Kawakami: She's petite, girly... and super cute! I'll just come out with it and say it. She's Maeda, from the same class as me.
Meguru: What?! You and Maeda-san?! I never would've guessed!
Nene: What kind of girl is she, Inaba-san?
Meguru: Hmm, let's see... She's a little shy and reserved but tends to be pretty cheerful overall.
Meguru: I think for Maeda-san, a perfectly normal date would make her happiest.
Kawakami: You say that, but don't girls tend to look forward to what kind of dates their boyfriends are planning?
Meguru: Ahh, yeah. I suppose so.
Kawakami: Then doesn't that make the first date really important? That's why I don't know what to do... Okay, I have a question. 
Kawakami: Have any of you ever gone on a date?
Nene, Meguru, Shuuji: ......
*...No one, including myself, raises their hand.*
*A disappointed look appears on Kawakami-kun's face upon seeing that.*
*And our trustworthiness has just plummeted to zero.*
Kawakami: Thank you for your time. Goodbye.
Shuuji: Ah, wait! Don't jump to conclusions! Calm down a little.
Kawakami: But none of you can offer me any firsthand advice. I'll just give up and ask another guy. Even though I know I'll get teased...
Shuuji: Don't be like that. None of us might have any experience, but... Oh, right. Our inexperience will help us give better advice because we can relate to you and your situation more!
Kawakami: That might be true, but still...Ah! Then how about we do this?
Kawakami: I've already thought of a few different plans, so I'd appreciate it if you could rehearse them and tell me what you think.
Nene: You want us to do a rehearsal?
Shuuji: You mean...
Meguru: You're telling us to go on a date?!
Meguru: Wow, I still can't believe that those two are dating.
Shuuji: Is it that surprising?
Meguru: They're totally different. Maeda-san is fairly docile, so they haven't been talking much in the classroom.
Shuuji: Hmm.
Shuuji: So what do you think about Kawakami-kun's suggestion, Ayachi-san?
Nene: Well, if that would help Kawakami-kun, then I don't have any reason to refuse.
Meguru: For real?! I-I mean, we're talking about a date! It may be a fake date for Kawakami-kun, but still, going on a date... My first date...
Nene: You don't have to come along if you don't want to. This is a club activity, after all. Just us members will suffice.
Meguru: No, I didn't mean I don't want to. I would love to go out somewhere with you.
Meguru: And I mean, I'd feel left out if I didn't go... I don't want that. I wanna go too! Why do you always act so distant?!
*She really does. She tends to act pretty distant with our classmates too.*
Meguru: Okay, now I want to go no matter what! I just have to after hearing that! I'll get closer with you for sure, Nene-senpai!
Shuuji: ...You really hate giving up, huh?
Meguru: But, c'mon!
Shuuji: Why don't you just join the OC?
Meguru: Huh? Me?
*She looks surprised, but she also looks like she's been waiting for someone to say that.*
*She might have been waiting for us to invite her all this time. And with Ayachi-san being so distant, she'd never invite anyone herself...*
Shuuji: She seems pretty dedicated to the club, so there's no problem there, right?
Nene: Yes. I certainly wouldn't mind...
Shuuji: There you have it, Inaba-san.
Meguru: Yeah! I'll join! I'm going to fill out the admission form right away!
Nene: No, that can wait until Monday.
Meguru: Okay! Then I'll do it on Monday!
*It's great to see her so happy. She's even more psyched than I expected.*
Shuuji: So anyway, their date is on Sunday, so tomorrow is the only day we have for our rehearsal, right?
Nene: Right. Their date is probably going to start... early afternoon?
Meguru: I would say so.
Shuuji: Then we should meet up at the main square by the station at noon?
Nene: Yes. Is that alright with you, Inaba-san?
Meguru: It is. Early afternoon tomorrow? Roger! I'll definitely be there!
Nene: Great. Let's all give it our best tomorrow.
================================================================================
Shuuji: Mh, mmnn...
*I wake up at the usual time and change into my regular clothes.*
*It's Saturday, so there's no school today.*
*Normally, I have nothing to do on Saturdays and take my time with the household chores, but today I have plans with Ayachi-san and Inaba-san.*
*I'll have to take care of things here quickly.*
Shuuji: You're working today?
Taichi: Yes, though I shouldn't be coming home too late. Why do you ask?
Shuuji: Sorry, but can you eat out for dinner? I have something important to do today. And I'll start a load of laundry, but I'll need you to take it out of the washer later.
Taichi: I don't mind, but... Something important? Are you going on a journey? L-Like, to find yourself?
Shuuji: Yeah, no. I wouldn't do anything that embarrassing or disappear on you like that.
Shuuji: I'm just going out with some friends. We're gonna go eat dinner together.
Taichi: Oh, good. That's a relief.
Shuuji: And, I'm sorry, but... I might need some extra money.
Taichi: Oh, right. For eating out. How much do you need?
Shuuji: Maybe around four or five thousand yen.
Taichi: That's not a problem, but can I ask what else you're using it for? Shopping?
Shuuji: No, not exactly... I would just feel more comfortable with a bit extra, just in case.
Taichi: A bit extra? Are you... going on a date?
Shuuji: ......
Taichi: It IS a date! I never thought I'd see the day! This is great! A historic day! A celebration is in order! I'm gonna brag about this to my coworkers!
Shuuji: No, don't!
Shuuji: You'll get a pay cut if you do something that annoying.
Taichi: Don't worry about it! My boss will be happier than anyone to hear about it!
Shuuji: What kind of company do you work at?!
Shuuji: Even if it would make him happy, don't you dare tell him! Do you hear me?! Absolutely not!
Taichi: It'd be funny if I did though, right?
Shuuji: NO!! You're not a comedian, so stop trying to act like one!
Taichi: Man... And here I thought I could finally brag about my son. 
Shuuji: Enough of that! Anyway, can I have the money or not?
Taichi: Sure. Just give me a second... There you go.
*My dad takes out his wallet and then holds out one bill to me.*
Shuuji: Huh? Ten thousand? Five thousand would be enough... I mean, I still have my regular allowance too.
Taichi: Don't worry about it. It's good to have some leeway. And it's to celebrate your first date. Take it.
Taichi: Keep the change if you don't use it all.
Shuuji: Are you sure?
Taichi: You don't go out enough for your age as it is. This is the first time you've ever asked me for some extra spending money.
Taichi: Just go ahead and accept the money like a good son.
Shuuji: Okay then. Thanks.
Taichi: You're welcome. Have fun.
Taichi: Alright, time for me to go and have my own special kind of fun: Working on the weekend. *sigh*...
Shuuji: See you later.
Taichi: Yeah, later. I gotta work hard to pay for all your dates!
Shuuji: Yeah, yeah. Thanks and all that.
*Dad puts on his jacket and leaves the house in a cheerful mood.*
Shuuji: Alright... Gotta clear the table, do the laundry, and then clean around the house.
Shuuji: I'll need to get everything done ASAP.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Hmm... I guess I got here a little early.
*In the end, the cleaning took a lot of time.*
*I was running late, so I left the house without eating lunch.*
*I've managed to arrive at our meeting spot with plenty of time to spare.*
*But the price I paid for that is an empty stomach.*
Shuuji: Man... I'm hungry.
Shuuji: They aren't here yet, so maybe I should quickly grab some ramen from somewhere?
Nene: Ah, Hoshina-kun. I'm sorry I have kept you waiting.
Shuuji: Oh, it's okay. I just got here myself. We're still around 20 minutes away from our scheduled meeting time, so you're pretty early, yourself.
*...And there goes the window I had to grab a bite. Oh well. Guess I'll have to hold out.*
Nene: By the way, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Yeah?
Nene: There is something I'd like to ask you before Inaba-san arrives.
Shuuji: You mean about the date?
Nene: Yes. Do you think the date is what Kawakami-kun is really worried about?
Nene: Is it possible that he's worried about something else, and that the date is only what made his worries surface?
Shuuji: I can't exactly read his mind, so, hmm...
*When he came into the clubroom yesterday, I perceived strong sourness and a heavy pressure.*
*Pretty clearly, at that.*
*And in contrast, he seemed very happy when he was talking about Maeda-san.*
Shuuji: I'm pretty sure it's only the date he's worried about.
*Judging by the feeling I got from him, he could end up traumatized if his date fails.*
*But if we help him and his date succeeds, Ayachi-san should be able to retrieve some fragments from him. *
Nene: Then it would be best to make it so Kawakami-kun can tackle his date with confidence, as planned.
Shuuji: So, I take it that not all cases have been so straightforward?
Nene: Yes. It happens fairly often that the root of the problem isn't what they consult you about. 
Nene: And, most of the time, the person themselves won't even be aware of it.
Shuuji: Oh, I see...
*Helping people really isn't easy, is it?*
Shuuji: But when it comes to the date, it'll be more than good enough if they just spend their time together normally, don't you think?
Nene: You're right. Okay, let's give it our all to make his date as nice as possible.
Shuuji: By the way, what about Inaba-san? Is it not possible to retrieve heart fragments from her?
Nene: I haven't checked, but... it's probably not possible.
Shuuji: I see.
Nene: But that's only because she's not currently in a state in which I can retrieve fragments. We just need to wait and see for a while.
Shuuji: So... What kind of state does she have to be in to make retrieval possible?
Nene: I'm just guessing, but... I'm sure it will be possible once she has someone she can fully open up to and trust, and vice versa.
Shuuji: Oh, I see.
Shuuji: Is that why you let her join the club?
Nene: Huh? What do you mean?
Shuuji: Hisashima-sensei told me that you've been turning everyone down who wanted to join.
Shuuji: I figured the reason for that must be because you need to hide the witch stuff from everyone.
Shuuji: But you didn't object at all when Inaba-san wanted to join yesterday.
Nene: I wasn't really thinking about that... Umm, I guess you could say that I just find myself going with the flow whenever she's excited about something.
Shuuji: Yeah, I can understand that.
*Nobody wants to strict with someone as pure as Inaba-san.*
*It's like how you can't help but grin when seeing a puppy or kitten.*
Nene: Besides, I like it when Inaba-san is around. And her game is fun, too.
Shuuji: I see. Good to hear.
Meguru: Helloha, Hoshina-senpai, Nene-senpai!
Meguru: Huh? Am I the last one? I'm not late, am I? Wasn't there more time until we were supposed to meet up? 
Nene: Yes, don't worry. You're still around ten minutes early.
Shuuji: Yeah, it's fine. The two of us just met up too.
Meguru: Oh, good. I was scared that my watch was slow for a moment.
Shuuji: So, now that we're all here, shall we get going?
Meguru: Yep!
Nene: Alright.
*And so, following the plan Kawakami-kun thought of, we board the train and head downtown.*
Meguru: Ahh, we're here! It's been a little while since I've come here.
Nene: Do you come here often?
Meguru: Not too often, but somewhat, yeah. I come here to buy clothes, games and that kinda stuff.
Nene: Oh, I see. I don't ever come around these parts, so I don't know what you can find here.
Meguru: Pretty much everything. The shopping mall over there is quite huge, and there are a lot of places to have fun at as well.
Nene: I see. By the way, umm... I have the feeling that people have been looking at me since we got here... Is there something odd about my clothes?
Meguru: Of course not. It's the opposite! It's because you're so cute. You need to have more confidence and show off a little.
Nene: That would be much too embarrassing for me.
*Yeah, those two definitely stand out.*
*Ayachi-san would obviously draw attention, but Inaba-san is pretty cute as well.*
*It's only natural for them to attract the eyes of men when they're together.*
*If I was just another stranger to them, I'd be right there with those guys.*
Man: Hey, you two free? What do you say you hang out with me and my friends?
Meguru: Huh? U-Umm... H-Help me, Senpai!
Shuuji: Err, sorry, but we're on our way somewhere together.
Man: ...You're the only guy?
Shuuji: Yeah.
Man: Seriously? Damn, I'm jealous.
*The guy then takes his leave, his jealousy clear in his eyes.*
*And now, all the gazes previously on Inaba-san and Ayachi-san have shifted over to me. They're as sharp as daggers and seriously unpleasant.*
Shuuji: No point in hanging around here. How about we get going?
Nene: I agree. This is embarrassing, so let's go now.
Meguru: Roger that!
Meguru: So, what exactly does Kawakami-kun's plan say?
Shuuji: Umm... It says to go to the movies first. He already picked a movie to see.
Shuuji: Apparently it's a drama with some romance. It's the most popular movie in theaters right now, according to what I've read on the internet.
Meguru: Okay, then let's go and watch that.
Nene: Right. It may be popular, but we still need to check if it's a good date movie or not.
Shuuji: Looks like the next screening is about thirty minutes from now. We better hurry.
Staff: I'm terribly sorry. We can't fit all three of you together for this screening. One of you would have to sit apart from the others.
Staff: And the only free seats are in a front row, where it might be a little difficult to see the screen. Will that be alright?
Meguru: Wait, seriously?
Nene: What should we do? Should we come back later?
Shuuji: But there's no room for that later in Kawakami-kun's schedule. The whole plan will get screwed up if we don't see it now...
*...What to do?*
================================================================================
Nene: Nngh!
*Ayachi-senpai takes aim and pulls the trigger on a gun ill-suited for her tiny hands.*
Kawakami: Ugh!
*The round Ayachi-san fired burrows into Kawakami-kun's heart.*
*White feathers burst forth and fill the room.*
*This is my third time witnessing such a spectacle. It's as mysterious and wondrous as ever.*
Shuuji: ...Got you.
*I catch Kawakami-kun, who has fallen unconscious, and set him down into a chair.*
*Kawakami-kun reported to us the details of his date during lunch break.*
*He gushed about how he held hands during the movie, linked arms when they walked around together, and even kissed when they parted.*
*He was so excited that it honestly felt like he was just bragging.*
*I just stood there as he went into every last detail, desperately hoping for a meteor to come crashing down on him to end my misery.*
*But at least he was happy. His gloomy attitude from last week was nowhere to be seen.*
*He said that it was all thanks to us his date went so well. He was thankful to us from the bottom of his heart.*
*It was then that Ayachi-san shattered the emotions of his that had become superfluous.*
Shuuji: Did you get the fragments?
Nene: Yes. I retrieved them just fine.
Shuuji: Ah, good. Great, even! Yep!
Nene: ...? What's wrong, Hoshina-kun? You've been acting strange for a while now.
Shuuji: Huh? R-Really? I'm sure you're just imagining that. Ahahaha.
*I can laugh all I want, but I'm still in a seriously awkward situation here.*
*Ayachi-san's witch outfit is just too goddamn sexy.*
*I can't look at it straight-on, even though I really want to... She'd get mad at me if I stared at her, though.*
*I just need to act normal. That's right, there's nothing bothering me!*
Shuuji: ...Oh? Looks like you gathered more fragments this time than with Kariya.
Nene: That's because it was happiness in Kariya-san's case.
Nene: But in Kawakami-kun's case, I retrieved feelings of anxiety and fear. Such feelings no longer have a place once their host's problems are resolved, so you get more than with happiness.
Shuuji: Oh, I see.
Shuuji: So, is this on the large or small side of heart fragments retrieved?
Nene: Hmm... I would say it's on the large side. It would seem like Kawakami-kun had a lot of anxiety over his date.
Shuuji: Ahh. That's good.
Shuuji: You know, it's really motivating to be able to measure exactly how much you've helped someone like this.
Nene: You're right. It feels really good when they're thankful, too.
Shuuji: By the way, how many fragments would you say I absorbed?
Nene: Hmm... Not too many.
Shuuji: I-I see...
*...Is that really true?*
*It seemed like a pretty huge amount to me. She probably downplayed the truth to make me feel better.*
*Considering the amount she retrieved today... I wonder how many people she needs to retrieve fragments from to fulfill her wish.*
Shuuji: ......
Nene: ......? Is something the matter?
Shuuji: Oh, uh, nothing.
*How long has Ayachi-san been gathering fragments for? It must've been a while.*
*...I feel really guilty when I think about it like that.*
Nene: I-I don't know what to do when you stare that much. It's embarrassing.
Shuuji: Ah, sorry! It's not like that! I-I wasn't ogling you or anything! I was just immersed in thought! Really!
Nene: ...It's suspicious how flustered you are. What were you thinking about?
Shuuji: Just that actually helping people, well... makes you feel pretty good.
*You can't call what I was doing before "helping" people. I was being used. It was completely different to what we do in the OC.*
Nene: So, do you think this is going to fill the hole in your heart?
Shuuji: Sorry, but I don't know yet.
Shuuji: But I am getting a sense of satisfaction or accomplishment... or something like that. I think it will help change my outlook.
Nene: I see...
Shuuji: Sorry for the vague answer.
Nene: Oh, no. Don't apologize. You don't need to worry about that.
*Kawakami-kun woke up shortly after my conversation with Ayachi-san. We wished him luck and asked him to consult us should anything ever come up again.*
*We are now leaving the clubroom and locking it up.*
Nene: Well then, shall we head back to class?
Shuuji: Yeah.
*Ayachi-san has one of the keys to the clubroom, while Hisashima-sensei has the other.*
*Normally the club advisor would hold onto all of them, but I suppose Sensei's absolute trust in Ayachi-san allows her to make an exception here.*
*Ayachi-san keeps one of the keys for a pretty obvious reason. This way she can ensure a safe place to do her thing whenever she needs to.*
*Having a safe place like that must be incredibly important for her, considering her sudden bouts of uncontrollable horniness.*
*Your sneakiness at masturbation is truly impressive, Ayachi-san.*
Kanae: Okay, please open page 236 of your textbooks.
*I glance over at Ayachi-san while opening my textbook.*
*She's focusing on the lesson, business as usual.*
*Her kindness, innocence and cuteness make her liked throughout the whole school.*
*But that's not all there is to her. She has a wish she wants to see realized so badly that she entered into an absurd contract to do so.*
Shuuji: (What is that wish, anyway?)
Shuuji: (What could she want so badly that she'd pay this kind of price for it?)
*Judging by everything she has said and how she has acted, she must have been gathering fragments for a while now.*
*I'm talking years, here. Does she really want her wish that badly?*
*Having to suffer through her horniness for so long must've been hard.*
*I mean, she has absolutely no control over it.*
*She's had to have gotten into a lot of bad or awkward situations because of it, like that time in the library.*
Nene: ......
*Oh, man... I'm getting kinda hot as I'm looking at her and thinking about that time.*
*And I can taste a distinct sweetness, just like in the library.*
*This is a bit vivid for a memory. It's almost like...*
Kanae: Alright then... Ayachi, could you keep reading from here?
Nene: Y-Yes.
Nene: One time, I had a peculiar dream. The cherry blossoms were in bloom, and a large crowd had gathered to make merry and enjoy dangos and sake. Among them was a man at the gate, silently admiring the cherry trees.
*Doesn't she sound kinda turned on?!*
Nene: As the man gazed at the falling cherry blossoms, he heaved a heavy sigh. Mhh, ah, haah... Haah...
*That was NOT a sigh!*
*She definitely having another fit again! This feeling really isn't just a memory. She's getting horny in class?!*
Kanae: H-Huh? Ayachi―
Shuuji: %130;SENSEI!!
Kanae: What is it, Hoshina?
Shuuji: I feel sick! My head is spinning! Oh crap, I think I'm gonna faint!
Kanae: If you feel good enough to yell, then get a grip.
Shuuji: I can't help it! I'm so dizzy right now! So, uh, can I go to the infirmary?
Kanae: I don't buy that one bit... But it's not like I can say no.
Shuuji: I'm sorry! I'm worried I'll collapse on the way there, so I need someone to go with me. Like Ayachi-san! Alright then, sorry for the interruption!
Kanae: S-Sure...
Shuuji: Hey, Ayachi-san. Sorry, but can you give me a hand?
Nene: Huh? Ah, haah... Y-Yes...
*I pull the fidgeting Ayachi-san up by her arm and hurry out of the classroom.*
Nene: *pant* *pant* Thank, you... Hoshina-kuunn!
Shuuji: I'm just glad to help.
*Can you stop saying my name in such an erotic tone?*
Nene: I'm so sorry... You-know-what tends to happen often when I'm nervous... *pant* *pant*
Shuuji: Don't worry about it. Just relax a little. So, what now? Where should we go?
Nene: I-If possible, to somewhere empty... Like the second building...
Shuuji: Alright. Let's go.
*I start walking while supporting Ayachi-san, whose legs have become shaky.*
*However...*
Nene: Mhh! Ah, ah... I-I can't. It rubs a little, when I walk... *pant* *pant*
Nene: Even a single step right now, mmm, could do me in...
Shuuji: But we're still in front of the classroom. We should hurry and get away from here.
Nene: I-I'll try...! Mh, mmh... U-Umm, could I cling to you a little? Ah, haah...
Shuuji: Of course.
Nene: Thank you, very much... Ahh...
Shuuji: Let's take it easy. One step at a time.
Nene: O-Okay! Slow and steady...
Nene: Mh, hoo, haa... *pant* *pant* Mhh, haah.
Shuuji: Ayachi-san, we're at the top floor now. The clubroom is nearby.
Nene: O-Okay... Just a little more... Mhh, ahh...
Shuuji: Ayachi-san, only a few steps more. You can do it!
Nene: A-Ah...! I-I will try... But, I think I might have really, reached my limit now... *pant* *pant*
Shuuji: You're almost there! You can do it!
Nene: Yes, just a little more... Just a little more... Mm, nn... Ah, ahh, ahh! Ah, haahh!
Shuuji: We're there! Ayachi-san!
Nene: Huh? Ah, haah, haah... I-I did it... I really did it! Mhh, *pant* *pant*
Shuuji: All that's left is opening the door! Ayachi-san, the key!
Nene: R-Right! The key!
Nene: Th-The key...?
Shuuji: Yeah, the key.
Nene: Th-The key is... still in my book bag... I forgot it, in the classroom...
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: What?! Then we need to go to hurry to a different place!
Nene: Nnngh! Haah, haaahh... I-I can't, anymore... I've already, started to...
Nene: Mh, nnnngh! I can't... I-I can't hold back anymore!
*Ayachi-san clings to my torso as her knees buckle beneath her.*
Nene: Ah! Aaaaaahhhhhhhhhh!
Nene: Please, don't look! Aahhh... I can't stop it... Ahhh!
*Ayachi-san's voice echoes through the empty hallway.*
*And her body enters into convulsions.*
Nene: Mhhh, mm, nngh! *pant* *pant* *pant*
*After a while, the convulsions slow down and her body relaxes. The heaving of her shoulders is her only movement now.*
*She's still panting heavily... Huh? What's that fluid tricking down her thighs?*
*Huh? D-Did she... wet herself? Wait, no. This is a different kind of fluid, isn't it?*
Nene: *pant*... *pant*...
Shuuji: U-Umm, Ayachi... san?
Nene: I told you to not look... This can't be happening this can't be happening this can't be happening this can't be happening this can't be happening this can't be happening!
Shuuji: S-Sorry. Anyhow, maybe you should let go now.
Nene: No! If you touch me right now―Hnn, nngh, aaahhhhhh!
*Ayachi-san starts convulsing again the moment I touch her.*
*Huh? What? Did I screw up?*
Nene: Hoo... Haa...
Shuuji: S-Sorry. I didn't think it would do that to you. I was just trying to help you... I'm really sorry.
Nene: Mhh, ugh... *pant* *pant*...
Shuuji: Umm... Ayachi-san?
Nene: ......
Nene: My only option is to erase your memory... It's still only in your short-term memory, so if I act now and hit your head hard enough...
Shuuji: Whoa now. You're seriously scaring me. I don't think that's how that works.
Shuuji: Just calm down. You need to think this through calmly.
Nene: Think... calmly...
Shuuji: That's right.
Nene: I need to die. Death is the only way out.
Shuuji: That's the conclusion you've come to?!
Nene: Hoshina-kun, please jump off the roof with me right now!
Shuuji: Let's try to think of another way first!
*Our crazy back-and-forth continues for a while until Ayachi-san calms down. *
Shuuji: ...Phew.
Kanae: Oh? Feeling better already? I mean, you were on the verge of death, weren't you?
Shuuji: Ah, yeah, I'm okay again. Sorry for worrying you.
Kanae: Well, you didn't look very dizzy, so I wasn't really worried about you in the first place... What about Ayachi?
Shuuji: Err, yeah. She, uh...
Shuuji: She was actually feeling sicker than I was, so she's resting right now.
Kanae: I see... There certainly was something off with her. Is she going to leave early?
Shuuji: She said she'd come back after a short rest.
Kanae: I hope so. There's actually a favor I want to ask of the Occult Club, so I was hoping I could see you after school.
Shuuji: You? With the OC?
Kanae: What? Is the help you're offering just for students?
Shuuji: No, that's not it. I just didn't expect you to ask your own students for help.
Kanae: I guess. Teachers shouldn't normally rely on their students like this, but the circumstances are pretty unusual here.
Kanae: There is something I would really like Ayachi's help with. Oh, and I guess yours too, if you're gonna be there anyway.
Shuuji: ...Do you enjoy hurting your students' feelings?
Kanae: I do when you give me such good reactions.
Shuuji: ......
Kanae: Well, all jokes aside, I'll be dropping by your clubroom after school if Ayachi isn't going home.
Shuuji: Okay. I'll let her know.
Kanae: Yeah, please do.
Wakana: Oh, he's back.
Hideaki: What's wrong? Are you okay? It's not often you skip class.
Shuuji: I wasn't skipping. I was sick, okay?
Hideaki: You were walking and talking just fine though. Who are you kidding?
Wakana: Right. You definitely didn't look sick to me.
Shuuji: It's not good to make assumptions like that, guys.
Wakana: Well, I doubt you skipped just for the hell of it. I'm sure you had a good reason.
Hideaki: Though, taking Ayachi-san along wasn't the greatest idea, was it?
Shuuji: ...Yeah, no kidding.
*I've been feeling people looking at me ever since returning.*
Hideaki: Everyone thinks you were trying to pull some moves on her.
Shuuji: ...That's really not the case.
Wakana: Speaking of, where is she? She hasn't come back yet.
Shuuji: Oh, about that... It seems she felt even sicker than me, so she decided to rest for a little bit.
Hideaki: Yeah, there was something off about her.
Wakana: Are you alright? I mean the both of you.
Shuuji: Yeah, I feel fine again already. It seems the nap I took in the infirmary helped. Maybe I haven't been getting enough sleep.
Wakana: Ahh, yeah, I know what you mean. You can get headaches from not sleeping enough. That's the worst feeling. It can make you feel really sick.
Shuuji: Anyway, Ayachi-san said she'll be fine after a little bit of rest. I don't think there's anything to worry about.
Hideaki: That's good.
Shuuji: Ah, my textbooks from earlier are still out. I should put them away.
*After the "accident," Ayachi-san cleaned the hallway and then told me...*
Nene: I'm sorry. I'm going to take a short rest at the infirmary.
*Following that, we parted.*
*She looked really depressed... This is the kind of incident that will stick with her a while.*
*The bell rings, signaling the end of classes. I proceed to put all my materials away into my book bag.*
*Several of my faster classmates have already left the classroom.*
Wakana: Okay, I'll be on my way.
Shuuji: Work again? You've been working pretty hard.
Wakana: Yeah, thanks. I don't mind it though. It's pretty fun working there.
Wakana: And even better, I'll be able to get some sick accessories for my guitar. Uhehe.
Wakana: I know you're busy with your club, but stop by again sometime. I'll give you an extra special treat if you do.
Shuuji: A "special treat"...? That's got a pretty dirty ring to it, you know.
Shuuji: So, what're you planning?
Wakana: My grip strength has gone up quite a bit since I've started playing, so how would you like my patented iron claw technique?
Shuuji: Yaaay! That'd be the best freebie ever!
*A charming young maid who gives people the iron claw as a free bonus... That's so crazy that it might actually bring some good traffic to the cafe.*
Shuuji: Well, I'll try to show up soon. The coffee is pretty good there, and it's the only way I'll ever see you act cute and ladylike.
Wakana: You say that like I'm usually not those things...
Wakana: But okay. I'll be waiting for you. See you.
Shuuji: Say hi to Souma-san for me.
*After seeing Kariya off, I get up from my seat.*
*I glance over at Ayachi-san's seat on my way out.*
Shuuji: ...So she didn't come back, huh?
*I mean, that must have been quite a shock to her. Hmm...*
*Though, really, it was probably an even bigger shock for her when I caught her masturbating...*
Shuuji: Should I take her book bag to her? But wait... I'm a guy. I shouldn't touch a girls' bag without permission.
*Crap. I should have asked Kariya before she left.*
*As I'm clutching my head, not knowing what to do, the door to the classroom slides open and Ayachi-san finally returns.*
Schoolgirl C: Ah, Ayachi-san! Are you alright again? Do you feel better?
Nene: Oh yes, thank you. I'm fine now...
Schoolgirl C: I see. Glad to hear that.
Shuuji: Umm, Ayachi-san... Err, about earlier―
Nene: %130;Huh? What did you just say?
*Has she turned into a dense anime protagonist again?!*
Shuuji: E-Err... Yeah, sorry. Forget I said anything.
Shuuji: Anyway, will we have club today?
Shuuji: Hisashima-sensei said she wanted to come by the clubroom and ask us for our help.
Nene: Hisashima-sensei said that?
Shuuji: Yeah, she did. So let's head to the clubroob.
Nene: Umm! P-Please go on ahead. I can't, umm, move very fast today.
Shuuji: Huh? Do you feel sick?! Or are you hurt somewhere?!
Nene: No, nothing of the sort. Umm... It's kinda drafty today.
Shuuji: Drafty?
Nene: Yes, drafty...
*...Ah!*
Shuuji: You mean... No, wait...
Nene: Wh-What I'm trying to say is that I'm wearing nothing under my skirt! I'm not wearing any panties, so it feels drafty...
Nene: ......
Nene: ...Oh, I can't take this anymore! I want to cry... I'm going home.
Shuuji: Wait, calm down. What about our club?
Nene: That's your fault for shaming and teasing me!
Shuuji: But I haven't done anything!
Nene: You forced me into explaining that I'm not wearing any panties!
Shuuji: You just went and told me that on your own! Though, I guess I may have sounded like I wanted to know. Sorry. I'm really sorry. So please calm down now.
Shuuji: We have Hisashima-sensei coming over today, so you need to come to club if possible.
Nene: ......
Nene: You're right. I'm sorry... I lost my head a little.
Shuuji: Don't worry about it.
Shuuji: But man, it would be great if we had some kind of secret weapon or something to help calm you down whenever you have one of those fits.
Nene: A secret weapon?
Shuuji: I'm just saying. I don't have any idea what that could be myself.
Nene: A secret weapon... I'll give it some thought.
*I doubt she'll find anything anytime soon.*
Shuuji: So, you wanted me to go on ahead of you, yeah?
Nene: Y-Yes. Umm... I'd feel a bit better if no one was around me while I walked...
Shuuji: You really don't have it easy, do you?
*It would be a total disaster if her skirt moved the wrong way.*
*Not that it'd be great if they saw her panties, either.*
Shuuji: Hm? By the way, Ayachi-san.
Nene: Y-Yes?
Shuuji: Couldn't you just wear your P.E. shorts beneath your skirt? We had P.E. today, right?
Nene: ......
Nene: Ah!
Nene: Y-You should have said that sooner! I knew it. You really are having fun at my expense... You're so mean.
Shuuji: I'm not!
*How could I have told her sooner if she only just told me about it?!*
Meguru: Nene-senpai, do teachers comes here for help a lot too?
Nene: No, they don't. Most teachers don't know about the OC's actual activities, just like with the students.
Meguru: So then, that makes this pretty unusual, yeah?
Shuuji: I'm kinda scared. I wonder what this is going to be about.
*I keep writing as I talk.*
Meguru: By the way, what have you been doing?
Shuuji: My math homework. I have an assignment due tomorrow.
Shuuji: It's not much, so I figured I could finish it while we wait.
*That's just an excuse though.*
*I'm actually just trying to keep my mind off Ayachi-san. I still feel a little uncomfortable over what happened earlier today. Or more like awkward.*
Meguru: I'm surprised you're so diligent with your homework.
Shuuji: ...You don't think very highly of me, do you?
Meguru: Huh? A-Ahaha. You're overthinking! Geez, don't be like that!
Meguru: Ah! Someone's knocking! I'm sure it's Hisashima-sensei!
Nene: Yes, please come in.
Kanae: Oh, you're all here as requested. Good.
Meguru: Senpai, your teacher is here.
Shuuji: Yeah, I can see that. I just have one last problem to solve, and... done.
*With Hisashima-sensei stepping into the room, I close my notebook and turn my attention towards her.*
Kanae: Sorry that I'm late.
Nene: Oh no, it's alright. So, Sensei, what is it that you need our help with?
Kanae: There is someone I want that you to show around school.
Meguru: We're showing someone around school?
Shuuji: You mean, like, escorting a visitor?
Kanae: Of course not. The staff handles all official visits ourselves. I'm talking about a student.
Kanae: Alright. You can come in now.
*Hisashima-sensei calls out to the hallway.*
*A fairly short boy opens the door and shyly enters the room.*
*What a baby face. Wait... Huh?*
Kanae: Shiiba is transferring into our school and will be joining our class tomorrow.
Tsumugi: Umm, I'm Shiiba Tsumugi. It's nice to meet you.
Nene: Hello. My name is Ayachi Nene.
Meguru: Inaba Meguru. I'm a first year, so that makes me your junior.
Shuuji: I'm... Hoshina Shuuji.
*Their voice is pretty high too. I've got a feeling they're a...*
*I mean, I've never seen any manboobs like those.*
Shuuji: *stare*
Tsumugi: ...Huh? Ah! H-Hey! Where do you think you're looking?
Kanae: Hey Hoshina, you looking for a suspension?
Meguru: Super-perv Senpai is at it again.
Tsumugi: Ahh... You pervert.
Shuuji: Now, hold on! Yeah, I admit it was kind of rude for me to stare. I'll gladly apologize for that. I'm very sorry for my rudeness.
Shuuji: But can you really blame me?! Someone showed up in a boys' uniform with such a such a girly voice!
Shuuji: Besides, umm... When I looked at her, uh, body proportions, I was just checking! I didn't have any other intentions!
Tsumugi: Well... You're right. The uniform part is my fault.
Nene: But that doesn't exactly mean you're not a pervert.
Shuuji: ......
Nene: ......
Meguru: Senpai? Did you do something to her?
Shuuji: No, nothing at all.
*Nothing that wasn't an accident, at least... I have no argument, though, considering I did end up witnessing things I shouldn't have.*
Nene: Umm, it may be rude of me to ask this, but... you're a girl, right?
Tsumugi: ...Yeah. I have certain, um... reasons for wearing a boys' uniform, but I'm definitely a girl.
Tsumugi: I don't identify as a boy at all. I'm a girl inside.
Nene: Then why are you... No, sorry. I'm sure you have circumstances you can't talk of. I won't pry any further.
Tsumugi: I would appreciate that.
Shuuji: I don't have a problem with it, but what's the school's stance on this?
Kanae: The school's stance is, well... The board isn't exactly happy about it, to be honest.
Kanae: But these days, forcing a student to wear a gendered uniform against their will could cause quite an incident. Besides, she has her reasons.
Shuuji: Her reasons, huh? I don't know any of the details, but man, being a teacher doesn't sound easy.
Kanae: Yeah, that's for sure, though I don't like hearing that from one of my biggest problem students... *sigh* I swear, you're gonna give me an ulcer.
*Judging by the sourness I can taste, her casual attitude is hiding quite a bit of genuine stress.*
*But that aside...*
Shuuji: Didn't I tell you to stop with the insulting comments?
Kanae: Then how about you stop giving me reason to say such things?
Kanae: Anyway, we're off topic. Help me lower my stress levels by taking care of her for me.
Nene: I presume that entails more than simply showing her around the school?
Kanae: Dressed like that, it'll be difficult for her to fit in when she transfers in tomorrow.
Tsumugi: I'm so sorry for making things so difficult for you.
Kanae: So I figured it'd be good to have someone who can help her fit into class better. And I don't think there is anyone better suited for the role than Ayachi.
*True. Ayachi-san is the center of attention in our class, whether she likes it or not.*
*It might help a lot to have her introduce Shiiba-san to the class.*
Nene: I'm not entirely sure what I can do to help, but... I'd like to do so if possible.
Kanae: I'm not expecting anything major. Just help her with whatever issues arise and talk to her from time to time to prevent teasing.
Kanae: And there might be guys who will try to ogle her like Hoshina just did.
Shuuji: Look, that wasn't "ogling," okay?
Kanae: Also, Shiiba moved here from out of town, so she doesn't know her way around the city. I would like you to help her with that too.
Tsumugi: Th-Thanks in advance for everything.
Kanae: Feel free to call on Hoshina if you want. Though, it's anyone's guess if he'll be of any use.
Shuuji: Sensei, my heart can only take so much of a beating, you know?
Kanae: I'll try to keep that in mind.
Kanae: Anyhow, if you need to consult a girl, go to Ayachi, and if you need a boy, go to Hoshina. Hoshina, note that any funny business with her will result in immediate expulsion. Got it?
Shuuji: I would never! Do you trust me that little?
Kanae: No. I'm saying that just in case. I trust that you're not the type of guy to do anything like that.
Kanae: And by that, I mean I trust that you're too much of a coward to do anything that might get you expelled or arrested.
Shuuji: Umm... I'm not sure you can call that trust.
Kanae: Well, that's about it. You guys take it from here.
Nene: Yes, understood.
Nene: Shiiba-san, let's get along. You can come to me any time you need help.
Tsumugi: Th-Thank you, Ayachi-san.
Shuuji: I hope we can get along too. Just say the word, and I'll help you in any way I can, Shiiba-san.
Meguru: I'm in a different year, but don't hesitate to talk to me if you see me around in school.
Tsumugi: Okay, thanks. I'm hoping to get along with you all as well.
Kanae: Alright, I'm leaving her in your hands. Get to know each other better while you take a stroll around school.
Kanae: You can go straight home afterwards, Shiiba.
Tsumugi: Okay, will do.
*And so Hisashima-sensei makes her way back to the faculty room, leaving the girl in a boys' uniform, Shiiba Tsumugi-san, to us.*
*Shiiba-san fidgets about in her seat. I guess she still feels a little uncomfortable around us.*
Shuuji: ......
*Now that I'm getting another look at her, she really is quite girly.*
*She's small in stature, has a baby face, her chest is... well-endowed, indeed.*
Meguru: Hey Senpai, what do you think her reason for wearing a boys' uniform could be?
Shuuji: No idea. In manga and anime, sometimes the father makes his daughter wear boys' clothing because he wanted a son instead.
Meguru: Oh yeah. Or like, the family is running a karate dojo, and their daughter has to be more boy-like in order to take over the dojo!
Shuuji: Ah, yeah, totally!
Meguru: But deep down, the girls in those stories always love girly clothes.
Shuuji: True. And they're always saying "But I'm a girl!" at every opportunity.
Meguru: Yep! But their faces end up being too ruggedly handsome to match those clothes very well anyway.
Shuuji: I dunno. I think those girls tend to be pretty cute. Though, I guess girls' clothes doesn't always fit them well, yeah.
Meguru: But... Shiiba-senpai is definitely a cutie. I'd bet everything on her looking fantastic in girly clothes... Actually, it's men's clothes that don't feel right on her.
Shuuji: Yeah, I mean, she's got a baby face and her mannerisms are pretty girly.
Meguru: ...Girls like her make me feel kinda itchy.
Shuuji: What do you mean?
Meguru: I don't know. I just feel there's so much wasted potential there. When I see someone with that much untapped cuteness, I really want to give them a makeover. You know what I mean?
Shuuji: Kinda, yeah. I bet a lot of girls feel that way.
Shuuji: You probably feel that way even more because of all the fashion magazines you've read, right?
Meguru: Yeah! Totally!
Shuuji: No passion, no pha-shion!
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: No passion, no pha-shion!
Meguru: Ugh, again?! You're repeating that after I did you the favor of ignoring it? Unbelievable...
Shuuji: I already went and said it, so the least you could do is react to it!
Meguru: I feel like ignoring that is the polite thing to do in this situation.
Shuuji: You can't just leave me hanging like this!
Tsumugi: You two seem really close.
Meguru: Is that what it looks like? I dunno about that. This guy is a serial sexual harasser, after all.
Meguru: But... I guess he's pretty easy to talk to.
*I can't tell if she's complimenting me or insulting me... I guess I'm happy she doesn't hate me.*
Shuuji: So should we get going, then? We can chat while we show you around the school.
Meguru: Right. The sun is gonna set on us if we keep chatting away here.
Nene: Sure. Let's go.
Tsumugi: Thank you, everyone.
Tsumugi: So, I heard from Hisashima-sensei your club is the Occult Club?
Shuuji: That's right.
Tsumugi: What do you do there? Do you investigate ghosts? Or maybe aliens?
Shuuji: I guess that's what you'd normally think.
Meguru: In my case, it was more like black magic.
Nene: I believe our school's Occult Club originally focused on magic, actually.
Shuuji: Oh, right. There are a lot of props in the clubroom for that.
Nene: These days, we mostly do fortune-telling.
Tsumugi: Oh, fortune-telling?
Meguru: Are you interested in that kind of thing?
Tsumugi: Yeah, of course! I always check my horoscopes in the magazines.
Tsumugi: But I don't really believe in it much. I only ever accept it when it's something positive, as a nice little pick-me-up.
Meguru: I'd say that's the best way to look at it.
Nene: And as an extension of the fortune-telling, we hear out people's problems and try to help them when we can.
Shuuji: So basically, our club is about helping people.
Tsumugi: Helping people?
Nene: It sounds grand when you put it that way, but our club isn't that special. We often do little more than listen to their problems.
Tsumugi: But you're still helping people, right? I mean, it seems like Hisashima-sensei is relying on you.
Nene: Yes, that's true, but it's unusual for teachers to come to us.
Tsumugi: Helping others, huh... That's a very interesting club you have there.
Tsumugi: I've never seen another club like it before.
Shuuji: Yeah, probably not.
*Volunteer clubs aren't too uncommon, but those are more focused on the public good in general.*
*However, we only help individuals resolve their own, private problems.*
Tsumugi: Say! Would it be alright if I helped out with the club?
Shuuji: Huh? Does that mean you want to join?
Tsumugi: Yeah! But maybe just on a trial basis, since I don't know what exactly your club is like... Would that be okay?
Shuuji: Well, about that...
*I look at Ayachi-san and seek out her judgment.*
Nene: Umm, I think out club is a lot more demanding than you're imagining.
Tsumugi: Well, that's what the trial time is for. I'll get to know just how demanding it is.
Nene: ......
Nene: ...Okay. If that is what you want, then I'm alright with that.
Tsumugi: Really? Thanks, Ayachi-san!
Nene: Oh, no, you don't have to thank me. Welcome to our club.
Meguru: Welcome, Shiiba-senpai.
Tsumugi: Yeah, thanks!
Shuuji: I look forward to working together, Shiiba-san.
*With our welcomes over, I turn towards Ayachi-san.*
Shuuji: (I know it's hard to refuse there, but still, is this really okay?)
Shuuji: (I hate to be like this, but we just met her, right?)
Nene: (True. I am a little worried, but I was thinking...)
Nene: (If there's something causing her to wear a boys' uniform, then that might be a source of stress and worry for her.)
Shuuji: (Ahh... So you might be able to retrieve some fragments from her, huh?)
Nene: (Besides, Shiiba-san must be feeling uneasy about a lot of things since she doesn't know anyone at this school.)
Shuuji: (So even ignoring the fragments, that's not something you could turn a blind eye to. Got it.)
*It'd be hard for Shiiba-san to ask for Ayachi-san's help in the classroom if she turned her down.*
*I guess saying no simply isn't an option, considering Shiiba-san's situation.*
Shuuji: Alright, shall we continue with the tour?
Tsumugi: Before we do that... Sorry. I, umm...
Shuuji: Hm?
*Shiiba-san is fidgeting around for some reason.*
*What's the deal? I can also feel a little bit of something like urgency from her...*
Tsumugi: Umm, I need to... use the toilet.
Shuuji: Ahh... Okay, I'll wait here then.
Nene: Shall I show you to the restroom?
Tsumugi: Oh, that's okay. The restrooms are right around that corner, right? Sorry, but could you all wait here a moment?
*Shiiba-san briskly heads over to the restrooms.*
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: Hm? What's wrong, Inaba-san?
Meguru: Well, Shiiba-senpai is a girl wearing a boys' uniform, right?
Shuuji: Yeah. Why are you bringing that up again?
Meguru: I'm just wondering which restroom she's going to enter.
Shuuji: Obviously she is going to use the women's...
Shuuji: ―Ah!
Schoolgirl B: Kyaahh! A pervert! Get out!
Tsumugi: Fuahhh?! It's not like that! You're wrong! I'm a girl!
Meguru: N-Nene-senpai! Let's hurry!
Nene: Y-Yes, let's help her before this becomes a bigger problem!
*Ayachi-san and Inaba-san hurry for the women's restroom.*
*Ah, right. I guess stuff like this is part of the reason why Hisashima-sensei asked us for our help.*
Shuuji: Dressing like a boy comes with a lot more complications than I would've thought.
*You know, considering her uniform is a boys' one... What's her underwear like?*
*Obviously, I'm not going to ask her that. But man, I'm curious...*
Shuuji: We've been just about everywhere now, right?
Meguru: We've showed her the second building, the cafeteria, the school store, the vending machines, the faculty room, your classroom and the gym.
Nene: I would say that covers all the places you would usually go to.
Shuuji: Yeah, it would only confuse her if we showed her every unrelated room. Just be aware that the location of the restrooms is the same on every floor.
Tsumugi: The restrooms...
Meguru: Don't make such a face. The other girl understood it was a misunderstanding right away, right?
Tsumugi: Yeah... Thanks. Sorry for causing trouble already.
Meguru: No, it wasn't any trouble at all.
Tsumugi: I wonder whether I'll be mistaken for a boy like that again. *sigh*... Not that I have any right to complain. This is my own fault.
Shuuji: Hisashima-sensei came to us so that it won't happen often. Don't stress yourself over it too much.
Tsumugi: The clothes aside... Maybe I should change my hairstyle to something more obviously girlish?
Meguru: That's a good idea. I mean, you have long, pretty hair, and it's really lustrous.
Meguru: Cute hair accessories would look great on you. It only takes one of those to totally change people's impression of you.
Tsumugi: But I can't wear anything that is too cute...
Meguru: Really? Oh, right... Wearing girly accessories with a boys' uniform might look pretty strange.
Tsumugi: ......
Meguru: You shouldn't give up, though. There are ways to work around that.
Tsumugi: Huh?! Really?! Oh, but... That could be a bad idea... I'd be really happy if it worked, though.
Meguru: No worries! You have all the makings of a cute girl. Just leave it all too me. I'll get everything ready.
Tsumugi: Oh, uh, umm... Okay, then I'll take you up on that.
Meguru: Great!
*Following that, Shiiba-san made her way home.*
*The sun has already set, so I guess that's it for today's club activities.*
Nene: Alright, let's call it a day.
Shuuji: Oh, I want to get a drink first before heading home.
Nene: I see, okay. See you tomorrow, then.
Shuuji: Yeah, bye.
Meguru: Until tomorrow, Senpai!
*Walking around the school so much was pretty exhausting.*
Shuuji: Guess I'll have a milk tea.
*I insert a 100 Yen coin into the vending machine and press the corresponding button.*
*Wait, what? Nothing is coming out?*
Shuuji: Huh? It's sold out?
*That's odd. They usually keep these vending machines well-stocked.*
*Oh well. I'll have to give up.*
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: But now that I've been denied it, I want that drink even more.
*It's not like I'm desperate for milk tea, but you know how it is, right?*
Shuuji: ...Okay, fine. I guess I'll have my milk tea over at Souma-san's cafe, then.
*And as I'm leaving the school...*
Voice: You won't change your mind? I can't get you to stay?
*Hm? I know that voice... That's...*
Touko: I could retire with some peace of mind if it's you taking over, Koshiji-san.
Girl: It's a little embarrassing to hear that you think so highly of me... Ahaha.
Girl: Thank you, President. I feel honored.
Touko: Then―
Girl: But I'm sorry. I still want you to let me leave.
Touko: Are you absolutely sure? You're not only not running, but you're leaving the Student Council entirely?
Girl: Yes. That's what I want to do.
Touko: ...I see. That's too bad.
Girl: I'm really sorry.
Touko: Don't be. You're not obligated to stay. It's okay, if this is what you decided.
Girl: ......
*The girl stands perfectly still, looking heavily dejected.*
*...Those feelings of hers spread over to me and wrap around my heart.*
*She really seems to be in a lot of pain... Huh? Wait, is this girl... Koshiji-san? We were in the same class together last year.*
Koshiji: This is so irresponsible of me, isn't it? You must hate me now...
Touko: Huh? Why would I?
Koshiji: Well... Because I've betrayed your expectations.
Touko: I wouldn't ever hate you over something like this. Like I just said, this isn't something you're obligated to do.
Touko: I just think it's a shame. But if this is how you feel, then so be it.
Koshiji: ...I'm sorry.
*Come to think of it, Koshiji-san entered into the Student Council as a first year, didn't she?*
*Something must've happened there if they're having such a serious conversation.*
Touko: I told you that you don't need to apologize. Come on, turn that frown upside down.
Koshiji: But this a problem, since you don't have another candidate, right?
Touko: Don't worry about that. I'll just have to ask someone else. Oh, but I hope I have your support while I'm still president.
Koshiji: Of course. You have my full support.
Touko: Great! Let's head back. There's still some work left to be done today. It looks like we'll be staying late again.
Koshiji: That's no problem! I'll work as hard as I can together with you!
Touko: Thanks, Koshiji-san.
Koshiji: ......
*With smiles having found their way back to their faces, Koshiji-san and Togakushi-senpai return to the school building side by side.*
*And as I'm watching them leave...*
*―I feel a tremble shoot through my fingertips.*
Shuuji: Hm? Was that just... static electricity?
Shuuji: The Student Council sure doesn't have it easy... I definitely don't want any part of that.
*Though, I doubt I'd even be able to get enough students to nominate me even if I wanted in.*
Wakana: Welcome~
Wakana: Oh, it's you, Hoshina. You're here already?
================================================================================
Tsumugi: U-Umm, it's nice to meet you all. I'm Shiiba Tsumugi. I-I hope we can all get along!
*During morning homeroom, Shiiba-san introduces herself to the class and bows at the lectern.*
Kanae: And there you have it, boys. Lucky for you, the transfer student is a cute girl.
Classmate: ......
*All the guys in class have "A girl?" written all over their faces.*
Kanae: Shiiba has moved here due to family circumstances. She will likely run into many difficulties, so please help her out whenever possible.
Kanae: So, Shiiba, your seat will be the rearmost window seat.
Tsumugi: Okay.
*Shiiba-san then heads towards her seat, passing between the desks.*
*As she does...*
Schoolboy A: She's... really a girl, right?
Schoolboy B: That's what Hisashima-sensei said, so it must be true.
Schoolgirl C: Yeah, right. I mean, she definitely has breasts.
Schoolboy B: Then why is she wearing a boy's uniform?
Schoolgirl A: Who cares? She's so small and cute♪
*Our classmates whisper among themselves.*
Tsumugi: ......
*Shiiba-san blushes and looks at the floor as she rushes past everyone.*
*Her reaction is pretty understandable.*
*I wonder if her uniform is a subject that shouldn't ever be touched upon...*
Kanae: Quiet down, everyone. You're not in elementary school anymore, so stop making a fuss over this.
Kanae: Come on. Class is starting soon.
*Hisashima-sensei's scolding quiets the murmuring class at once.*
*But it fails to stop everyone from gawking at her.*
Tsumugi: Ugh... Ah...
*She's having a pretty rough time.*
*Having that many people stare at you can really make you sick to the stomach.*
*Or I guess that's just me, really. It's probably not that bad for normal people.*
*Anyway, she'll just have to bear with it for now.*
Shuuji: Hang in there, Shiiba-san.
Tsumugi: Phew... This is exhausting...
*With the second period over, Shiiba-san heaves a heavy sigh. *
*Everyone is still trying to figure out how to approach and treat her, so they're only looking at her from afar.*
*It's got to be tough being stared at like a zoo animal. Should I go and talk to her?*
Nene: You're managing really well so far, Shiiba-san.
Tsumugi: Ah, yeah. Thanks, Ayachi-san.
Tsumugi: School is far from over today, though... Being stared at so much is pretty tiring.
Nene: It's only been a few hours so far. I'm sure you'll fit in soon enough.
Tsumugi: I hope so...
Nene: We have P.E. next. Let's go and get changed.
Tsumugi: Right. Wait, where were the locker rooms, again?
Nene: Oh, I'm sorry. They completely slipped my mind when showing you around yesterday.
Tsumugi: That's okay. Don't worry about it. But ugh, P.E...
Nene: Are you not good at P.E.?
Tsumugi: I'm okay at physical activity.
Tsumugi: But I'll be the only girl in a boy's gym uniform... I'm sure I'll stand out again. The thought is kind of depressing.
Nene: Oh, I see... And we take P.E. with another class. The girls from there might get curious.
Tsumugi: But it's not like I can just skip it... Let's go.
*Shiiba-san leaves the classroom together with Ayachi-san.*
*I guess there's not much need for me to butt in when she has another girl like Ayachi-san she can relate to.*
Hideaki: Hey, aren't you gonna get changed? We'll be late, man.
Shuuji: Yeah, I'm leaving soon. But before that...
Shuuji: Kariya, you got a moment?
Wakana: Huh? What's up? I was about to leave for the locker room.
Shuuji: I have a favor to ask regarding P.E.
Wakana: What kind of favor could you be asking, considering we have P.E. separate? You better not be asking for anything dirty!
Hideaki: Oh, let me in on the fun.
Shuuji: Sorry, but this is serious. It's about Shiiba-san.
Wakana: Huh? What about her?
Shuuji: Well, she just transfered in, and the way she dresses is unusual.
Shuuji: So I'm wondering if I could ask you to lend her a hand if anything happens.
Hideaki: Interesting... I didn't think you'd be that concerned about her.
Wakana: Could it be... love at first sight? You have a crush on her, don'tcha?
Shuuji: No, this is a club matter. Hisashima-sensei asked us to look after her due to her special circumstances.
Wakana: Kanae-chan? She asked the OC?
Hideaki: Now that you mention it, Ayachi-san did just approach her. I thought it was odd... I guess this explains it.
Shuuji: Ayachi-san is also watching out for her, but I thought it could be hard for her to do on her own.
Shuuji: But I can't exactly help her during P.E... Sorry, but could you help us out here?
Wakana: Will you treat me to something?
Shuuji: ...How about a slice of cake sometime?
Wakana: Make it two slices.
Shuuji: Deal. Thanks. I'm counting on you.
Wakana: Yeah. Though, I doubt I'll have much to do since Ayachi-san is already watching out for her.
*With our deal made, Kariya leaves for the locker rooms.*
Hideaki: Let's go too.
Shuuji: Yeah, okay.
Hideaki: I have to say, though, you're taking your club pretty seriously.
Shuuji: Yeah, I guess. May as well go all out with it since I went through the trouble of joining.
Hideaki: That's a good mindset. Though, I guess just like you.
Hideaki: Oh, right. Since you're such a good student, I bet you did your math homework, right? Can you let me copy it later?
Shuuji: You should really do it yourself.
Hideaki: I know. I will next time. Please.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Don't copy it word-for-word, okay?
Hideaki: Gotcha! Thanks, man!
Shuuji: Huh? Uh-oh...
Hideaki: What's wrong?
Shuuji: My math notebook's gone... I haven't seen it all morning, actually. I definitely did my homework, though.
Hideaki: Maybe you forgot it at home?
Shuuji: No, I didn't even take it out at home... Oh, right! I did my homework in the clubroom. That's gotta be where the notebook is.
*I'll have to go and get it after P.E.*
Shuuji: Excuse me.
Shuuji: Hisashima-sensei?
Kanae: Hm? Oh, it's you, Hoshina. What do you need?
Shuuji: Could you lend me the key to our clubroom? I forgot my math homework there.
Kanae: What about Ayachi?
Shuuji: I couldn't borrow hers since the last class was P.E.
Shuuji: I need the homework for our next class, so could I borrow the key?
Kanae: Sure, but make sure you bring it back to me here during the break; don't return to your classroom with the key. Can you do that?
Shuuji: Of course. I'll do that.
Kanae: Fine then. Here you go.
Shuuji: Thank you.
Shuuji: Okay. I better hurry.
*Kaidou wanted me to show him my math homework.*
*Will I make it in time?*
Shuuji: ......
Tsumugi: ......
*My vision fills with the distinct color of skin upon opening the clubroom door.*
*Upon further inspection, I realize that I'm looking at someone sitting in a chair. Huh? But the door was locked... Why?*
*That simple question spurs the realization of how bad this situation is, accelerating my thought process.*
*If this were Ayachi-san, the answer would be simple. She'd be fapping.*
*But this is not Ayachi-san. This is Shiiba-san.*
*She is sitting in a chair, holding her uniform's pants in her hands. The key piece of information here is that her pants are not fully on.*
*And she has similarly yet to fasten the buttons on her shirt, exposing her b-bra...*
*I see... So she DOES wear girls' underwear!*
*They're pink and cute.*
*The influx of inappropriate thoughts gradually calms my mind down.*
*She probably had Ayachi-san lend her the key and used it to enter the clubroom.*
*And she used the room to change.*
*So, let's sum things up. Fact one: there is a girl in her underwear in front of my eyes. Fact two: I'm a guy and I just opened the door without knocking.*
*......*
*Yeah, err, is it just me or do things look kinda bad for me? Isn't this going to like... mark social death for me?*
*At the same time my face turns pale, Shiiba-san face also starts to show change.*
*Her up until now dumbfounded look slowly starts to stiffen and from her opened mouth escapes― *
Tsumugi: Fueh, ah, ah, aaaahh―
Shuuji: %130;KYAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH?!
Tsumugi: Why are you the one screaming?!
Shuuji: Oh, uh, you know, it's like, but the thing is...
*My body finally caught up to my accelerated thoughts and I screamed out of surprise.*
*I reflexively turn around.*
Shuuji: Anyway, I'm really sorry about this!
*With that apology uttered, I bolt out like an Olympic sprinter, reaching a level of speed I never managed to achieve in P.E.*
Shuuji: Man... *pant* *pant*
*My heart is pounding as if I had just run a marathon.*
*Never in a million years would I have expected to see Shiiba-san in her underwear upon opening the door. Th-That wasn't just a dream, was it?*
*The image is still burned in my mind. There's no way that was a dream or my imagination.*
*That was as real as it gets. It had exceeded even my most vivid fantasies by a mile.*
*Besides, I can still feel Shiiba-san's embarrassment through the door.*
Tsumugi: Fueeeeeeeehhhhh!
Meguru: You're the worst.
*It's after school now. After coming to the clubroom and hearing about what had happened, Inaba-san immediately scowled at me.*
Tsumugi: ......
Shuuji: ...I'm seriously sorry.
Tsumugi: Well, it was break time, and the door was locked... You normally wouldn't think I could be changing inside.
Shuuji: Err, well... Yeah. I didn't expect it at all.
Nene: I'm very sorry. I should have informed Hoshina-kun beforehand.
Tsumugi: You don't need to apologize. There was no time for that since it was just after P.E., right? So... No one is to blame there.
Tsumugi: Really, don't worry about it. Actually, umm... Rather than you apologizing, I would like you to forget.
Tsumugi: L-Let's just say you never saw anything.
Shuuji: Got it. I haven't seen anything.
Shuuji: I didn't see you in your underwear at all.
Tsumugi: Fueeeeeeaaaahhh!
Shuuji: Ahh! Sorry! I didn't mean to say that! I'll forget about it! I'll forget everything!
Meguru: I can't tell if you're a pervert or just an idiot! Why would you go in for an extra blow in this situation, super-perv Senpai?!
Shuuji: Yeah, I have no excuse.
*Inaba-san's chilly gaze pierces right through my chest.*
*It hurts. It really hurts. But regardless of how it happened, it doesn't change the fact that I saw Shiiba-san half-naked. I have no right to complain.*
Tsumugi: ...Pervert.
Shuuji: I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
Meguru: But why were you changing in the clubroom, anyway, Shiiba-senpai?
Nene: I suggested doing so because it looked like she was embarrassed by changing in the locker room.
Nene: I already had the key on me, so the clubroom was the first room I thought of for changing in...
Shuuji: Why was it embarrassing? You're all girls.
Tsumugi: Well, umm... You see, I really surprised everyone when I entered the locker room to change before P.E.
Tsumugi: And then actually changing was really embarrassing too.
Shuuji: Because everyone was already looking at you?
Tsumugi: Partly, yeah... But also, everyone else was able to skillfully change without fully taking off their uniforms.
Shuuji: Without taking off their uniforms...? Like how elementary schoolchildren change into swimsuits?
Tsumugi: Yeah, right...
Shuuji: Girls do that even though it's only other girls in the locker room?
Tsumugi: Yeah, they do.
Shuuji: Is that common?
Nene: Yes. Even when it's with other girls, it's still uncomfortable to be seen half-naked.
Meguru: Right. And there's stuff like not wanting to be laughed at for the underwear you're wearing.
Shuuji: Is that so?
Nene: There's a lot to consider with underwear, such as the comfort level. You tend to wear your most comfortable underwear more often...
Nene: But they wear out quickly when you do that, so... Ah! Don't make me say weird stuff like that!
Shuuji: No! You did this yourself! Don't blame me for blurting that out on your own!
Shuuji: I don't want to know about that kind of stuff, anyway!
Tsumugi: But anyway, I can't get around taking off my pants, right? Which is why, umm... I can't avoid letting everyone see my underwear.
Shuuji: Well... If you don't take measures beforehand, that's how it turns out, yeah.
Tsumugi: Besides, everyone kept looking at me. 
Tsumugi: "She's wearing a boy's uniform, but what about her underwear? Is she wearing a chest binder?" You could tell that's what everyone was thinking.
Shuuji: Yeah, I can see that.
Meguru: To be perfectly honest, I've been a little curious about that myself.
Tsumugi: I-I'm wearing perfectly normal girls' underwear! I can't show you, though...
Shuuji: ......
*Well, she's right. It was normal underwear. Or maybe even on the cute side, considering it was pink.*
Nene: Hoshina-kun? What are you thinking about?
Shuuji: Oh, uh, absolutely nothing!
*...Why is Ayachi-san always so good at seeing through me? Am I that easy to read?*
Tsumugi: So that's how it is. It was embarrassing for me to change there. I talked to Ayachi-san about it, and she let me have the clubroom key.
Meguru: But despite that, you ended up experiencing something even more embarrassing...
Nene: But you can't keep changing in the clubroom, so we need to come up with another solution.
Tsumugi: Right... *sigh*
Meguru: Heh heh heh. This is my time to shine.
Nene: What do you mean?
Meguru: Remember how we talked about changing her hairstyle yesterday?
Shuuji: Oh yeah... You mean how changing her hairstyle could change everyone's impression of her?
Meguru: Exactly. So, I've already gotten everything ready!
Tsumugi: R-Really?!
Meguru: Yep! So please, sit down here! I'll do your hair for you.
Tsumugi: U-Umm... Okay, thank you so much.
Meguru: ~~~♪
*Inaba-san hums to herself as she combs Shiiba-san's hair.*
Tsumugi: Th-This is kinda embarrassing. It's the first time anyone's styled my hair like this.
Meguru: You have nothing to be embarrassed about! I'm so jealous of your glossy hair. I wish I had hair like that.
Tsumugi: You shouldn't worry about that. I mean, your fluffy hair is totally cute.
Meguru: I'd rather have it be glossy and silky. But really, your hair is just fantastic~
Nene: Is it that amazing?
Meguru: Go ahead and touch it yourself, Nene-senpai.
Nene: Okay then, if Shiiba-san doesn't mind...
Nene: Wow, it really is smooth. How nice... I'm getting a little jealous myself.
Meguru: Oh, please. You have no right to be jealous. Just look at how silky your hair is!
Nene: Ah, d-don't! It tickles when you touch me there.
Meguru: How interesting... Your nape is ticklish, is it?
*Interesting, indeed... Let's just mentally file that tidbit away.*
Meguru: Now let little ol' me check out yours~
Tsumugi: Fueh? Ah, hey, sto―! Ahhnn!
Shuuji: ......
*That was quite the cute and sexy voice.*
*Man, this really reinforces how she's a girl. Not that I doubted it before.*
Meguru: Heh heh heh. Your weakness is your ears, huh? Me see, me see.
Tsumugi: Geez, knock it off~
Nene: Inaba-san, no means no, okay?
Meguru: 'Kay! Shiiba-senpai, sorry about that. I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable.
Shuuji: Is it really that smooth? Mind if I―
Nene, Meguru, Tsumugi: ......
Shuuji: Ah, right. Of course I can't. I just thought it wouldn't hurt to ask. Don't mind me.
*All three girls glare at me at the same time.*
*It feels like I'm being pricked by a dozen needles. I shouldn't have said anything.*
Meguru: Just ignore Senpai the Harasser. I've combed it enough, so I think I'll get started now. 
Tsumugi: Y-Yeah, okay.
Nene: Shiiba-san, are there any specific hairstyles that you would like?
Tsumugi: Let me think... Not really. Anything cute will do!
Meguru: Anything cute? Roger that!
Meguru: Then, I guess I'll go with this accessory... Or maybe this one? Which would look better?
Nene: If she wants to look cute, then I would say this one here, no?
Meguru: Ah! That one is great! Way to go, Nene-senpai! You have great taste.
Tsumugi: U-Umm, I'm not really used to this kind of thing, so I'm kind of uneasy about it. Just take it slow, okay? Take it slow.
Meguru: I'm not sure what there is to be uneasy about... But if that's what you want, then let's just go for a cute hairstyle with no accessories.
Meguru: ~~~♪
*Girls are really into this kind of stuff, huh?*
Tsumugi: ......
*Though... Shiiba-san doesn't seem to share Inaba-san's enthusiasm.*
*She's looking awfully anxious. It's a strong enough feeling to put a sour taste in my mouth.*
*What the heck?!*
*She's just getting her hair styled. What about that could possibly warrant this much anxiety?*
Meguru: We need a cute hairstyle that matches the boy's uniform... Oh, I know!
Nene: A braided hairstyle? Like, in pigtails? 
Meguru: Right. Some manga have pretty boys who wear braids, so I think it's worth a try.
Tsumugi: I've never braided my hair before.
Meguru: Don't worry about it. Your hair is long enough, and it's pretty easy to do.
Meguru: Just divide the hair into three strands, cross one outer strand over the middle one, then the other, and...
Meguru: Voila! What do you think, Shiiba-senpai?
Tsumugi: Umm... Ah, good. It looks like I'm fine!
*"I'm fine"? That's a weird way to put it...*
Meguru: But I feel like it's lacking something currently... Let's add some cute ribbons! How about these pink ones?
Tsumugi: Wow! These ribbons are so cute!
Meguru: They'll look great on you! Let's just tie them on, and... All done!
Nene: Oh, they're cute on you. You're looking more girlish already.
Shuuji: Ohh, that looks great, Shiiba-san. It's not a huge change, but you come off completely differently now. You really look like a girl.
Tsumugi: Y-You think? Ehehe... It's a little embarrassing to hear that, but I'm happy.
Tsumugi: This is such a relief. I've actually found something I can―Ah... Urgh!
Shuuji: Something you can... "urgh"?
*What's wrong? She stopped mid-sentence and hasn't said anything since.*
Nene: ...? Shiiba-san?
Meguru: Huh? Wait, do you not like it or something?
Shuuji: ...?
Tsumugi: Urgh!
*Shiiba-san isn't moving an inch. The rest of us just silently stare at her.*
*...Huh? What now? I'm sensing something strange.*
*Wait, don't tell me... Really?!*
Tsumugi: *baaaaaaaarf*
Shuuji: Whoa, what?! What's wrong, Shiiba-san?!
Nene: Keep it together, Shiiba-san!
Tsumugi: *baaaaaaaarf*
Tsumugi: I've made such a mess... I'm so sorry.
Shuuji: Oh, no. You don't have to apologize.
Nene: Are you okay? You should take it easy and go home early if you're still feeling sick.
Meguru: I'm sorry. I got a little carried away there.
Tsumugi: No, it's not your fault. That was just, umm... a physical condition of mine acting up.
Shuuji: A physical condition?
Meguru: You mean, like, how some people get a stomach ache when they're nervous?
Tsumugi: I guess it's sorta like that. But it's not about nervousness at all. In my case, it's, umm...
Tsumugi: I can't hold it in whenever I dress like a girl.
Meguru: When you dress like a girl...?
Shuuji: And by you can't hold it in, you mean that you barf?
Tsumugi: ......
*That's quite the usual... disease? That doesn't sound right. Oh, maybe it's...*
Nene: Is that some kind of psychological reaction?
Shuuji: Could be...
Meguru: Do you have some sort of trauma involving girl's clothing or something?
Shuuji: Hey, should you really be asking her that?
Meguru: Oh, you're right! I'm sorry for blurting out such a personal question like that...
Tsumugi: No, it's okay. I don't have any traumas or anything. I actually really like girl's clothes.
Meguru: So it's just a super rare physical condition?
Tsumugi: Ah... Yeah, something like that...
Shuuji: ...Hm?
Nene: Hoshina-kun, is something the matter?
Shuuji: Ah, no... It's nothing.
*A strange taste just entered my mouth.*
*She wasn't lying, but it tasted like she glossed over something.*
Meguru: So, that condition is why you asked me to take it slow earlier?
Tsumugi: Yeah... I can push things to some degree, but it's hard to know when I'll reach my limit.
Meguru: But then you hit that limit and ended up puking anyway...
Tsumugi: ...I'm really sorry. I was so happy at the prospect of looking girly that I forgot myself... I thought I could handle some more.
Tsumugi: I know... I'm weird, aren't I?
Meguru: Well, that just means that instead of changing your hairstyle, we should start with smaller accessories next time!
Tsumugi: ...Huh?
Meguru: What? You don't want to? Should I stop trying to push this stuff on you?
Tsumugi: N-No! That's not it! I'm actually really happy!
Tsumugi: But... doesn't my condition put you off?
Meguru: Huh? No, of course not!
Meguru: It's only got me more pumped, actually! Now I want to do whatever it takes to make you look girly!
Tsumugi: ......
Meguru: Ah! That's only if you're willing to try, of course.
Tsumugi: I would love to take you up on that...
Meguru: Then let's give this our best!
Tsumugi: O-Okay! Thank you... Thank you so much, Inaba-san! I'm really looking forward to it!
Meguru: Oh, please. This isn't that big a deal!
Shuuji: ......
*She seems really happy.*
*Like she said a moment ago, she really does seem to prefer girls' clothes.*
*I bet she's had it hard due to being forced to dress that way.*
Shuuji: Hey Ayachi-san, should we turn helping Shiiba-san with her problem into a club activity, you think?
Nene: I don't know... I'd love help if possible, but there's only so much we can do if we're fighting against a physical condition.
Shuuji: You're right, but there's something that I―
Nene: Ah, please come in!
Touko: Pardon me.
Touko: Hey there! You all working hard?
Shuuji: Togakushi-senpai?
Nene: What brings you here? Is there something you need to relay to us?
Touko: Nah. I'm here for something else today. I need your help with something, actually.
Nene: By that, you mean you're here to consult us on a problem?
Touko: Yep. Your club helps out other students, yeah?
Nene: Yes... But I find it unusual that you would come for our help.
Touko: Yeah, I usually try to handle things myself. I'm in a bit over my head this time, though.
Touko: So, could I please have your help?
Nene: Of course. We'll gladly help out in any way we can.
Touko: Thanks. I really appreciate it!
Nene: Hoshina-kun, about what you were trying to say...
Shuuji: Oh, don't worry about it. Togakushi-senpai's problem is more important right now.
Nene: I see... Then please tell me about it some other day.
Touko: By the way, who are those two? I haven't seen them around before. Are they new members? I did receive a report on something like that...
Touko: Huh? I'm pretty sure the report mentioned only one new member.
Meguru: Ah, yeah! That was probably about me. I'm Inaba Meguru from class 1-D.
Touko: Nice to meet you. I'm the Student Council president, Togakushi Touko.
Tsumugi: And, um, I may be in a boy's uniform, but I'm a perfectly normal girl! I'm Shiiba Tsumugi. I transferred into class 2-A today!
Touko: Ahh, right, right. I heard that I girl with some special circumstances transferred in today.
Touko: Right, so that's you, huh? Now I know what they meant by "special circumstances."
Tsumugi: There are some private reasons why I have to dress like this... I'm sorry.
Touko: Don't worry about it. The school gave permission, so it's all good. I don't see a problem with having a girl like you here.
Touko: So anyway, did you join the Occult Club too?
Tsumugi: Only on a trial basis. I think I'll join if I can manage to keep up.
Touko: Oho... I see your harem is growing, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: That's not what I'm going for, and you know it.
Touko: Oh, please~ I know you're thrilled about this. You're living every boy's dream. As a healthy young man, you must have it pretty "hard," huh? Mufufu.
Shuuji: Stop with the terrible dirty jokes!
Shuuji: We all take this club very seriously!
Touko: Okay, okay. That's good to hear.
Touko: Shiiba-san, let's get along. Feel free to come to me if there's anything you ever need help with.
Tsumugi: Okay. Thank you, Togakushi-senpai.
Touko: Then again... I plan on retiring very soon.
Tsumugi: Oh. Is that so?
Touko: It's already fall, after all. That's when the president retires―or at least, that's how it usually goes. I don't know what's going to happen this time, though...
Shuuji: Huh? What do you mean by that? It's not like you won't retire, right?
Touko: Of course I'm going to. I'm not about to spend another year here. The problem is the next president...
Nene: That's right... The presidential candidates haven't been announced yet.
Nene: Considering the time of the year, won't it be a problem if they're not announced soon?
Shuuji: Would it?
*I see. Togakushi-senpai can't just retire and be done with it. She has to deal with questions like who will take over.*
*Then, considering the time the election will take... They seem to be running on a pretty tight schedule.*
Shuuji: Then why haven't you announced them yet?
Touko: We would love to, but... I'm in a bit of a bind regarding that.
Shuuji: That's what you've come to the OC for?
Touko: Yep. That's what I'd like your help with.
Shuuji: Umm, incidentally, is it okay for you to be telling us this stuff?
Touko: Don't worry. None of it is exactly top-secret information.
Nene: So, what is the problem?
Touko: The fact is, there are no candidates yet. We don't have any to announce. With the way things are going, I might have to retire without anyone to take over.
Shuuji: Wow, that's a pretty serious problem.
Meguru: Umm, do you usually have a lot of candidates every year? I'm still a first-year, so I don't know...
Meguru: But I feel like seeing more than one would be pretty weird.
Touko: That's generally how it is here. We never have enough candidates for a real election, so we just run an approval vote.
Shuuji: But it looks like even an approval vote won't be possible this year, huh?
Touko: For lesser posts like secretary or vice president, we can decide the president first and then have them appoint everyone else.
Nene: But that approach isn't possible if you don't have a presidential candidate to begin with.
Touko: That's right. So I just don't know what to do anymore...
Nene: But, Togakushi-senpai, I thought you usually have one of the current second-year Student Council members run.
Touko: True, that is how it often goes. I used to be the secretary. But it's just a custom; I can't force anyone.
Shuuji: Is there anyone who'd be fit for office from your point of view?
Touko: There is. My current vice president, Koshiji-san.
Touko: She's super cute! And her skin is really smooth. She's a very charming girl.
Shuuji: None of that has anything to do with her qualifications. Koshiji-san, though... I think she'd do a good job.
Meguru: Do you know her, Senpai?
Shuuji: I was in the same class as her last year. I even filled in for her class rep duties a few times because the Student Council kept her so busy.
Shuuji: She was actually the vice president?
Touko: She was the treasurer and became the vice president following last fall's elections.
Meguru: ...Senpai, you should pay more attention to these things.
Shuuji: Well, err... Yeah, you're right. Though, I don't think many students here pay much attention to the Student Council.
Touko: Tell me about it. The whole reason we have no candidates is because nobody seems to care.
Touko: We've even been handing out fliers to let everyone know about our lack of candidates, you know?
Shuuji: Oh, that's right. I saw you talking to Koshiji-san? Was that maybe about this?
Touko: You saw that? How embarrassing... But you're right. I asked her to run, but she turned me down.
Touko: She's got a magnetic personality and has been a member of the Student Council since she was a freshman. She's way more capable than I am. I would've been thrilled if she took over.
Tsumugi: Why doesn't she want to run?
Touko: She wouldn't say. And not only is she not running, she's quitting the Student Council outright.
Shuuji: Is this sudden? Has she shown signs of wanting to quit before?
Touko: Nope. She took everyone on the council by surprise. We were all convinced that she'd run for president.
Tsumugi: Do you think she got fed up with Student Council work?
Touko: Not from what I can tell, I don't think...
Touko: Her attendance rate is very high, and she always happily does her job. She often stays late with me, after everyone else has already gone home.
Tsumugi: Then what could be the reason?
Shuuji: Is this just, like, a sudden change of heart? I dunno why she wouldn't tell you the reason, though.
Nene: Can we take it that you want us to convince Koshiji-san to stay, then?
Touko: Ah, no, sorry. Like I said earlier, I can't force anyone.
Touko: I don't want you to convince her. I want you to help me find another candidate.
Nene: Is there no one else in the Student Council who wants to run?
Touko: Hmm, not really... Everyone else thinks Koshiji-san is perfect for the job, so they're all hesitating, or more like, afraid to take on that role for themselves.
Touko: I may have a member run as a last resort, but I'm hoping someone steps up on their own. It'd be awfully nice if we could find a willing regular student.
Touko: There are a lot of students like Hoshina-kun who aren't very clued-in, yeah? I'm hoping that there's someone out there who will step up once they hear what's happening.
Nene: Okay, I understand the situation now.
Touko: So... Can I take it that you're going to help me?
Nene: Yes. I don't know how much we'll be able to help, but we'll do what we can.
Touko: Thanks! You're the best!
Nene: So, if you don't mind, I'd like to ask a few questions about the Student Council...
Touko: And that's about all you need to know.
Nene: Thank you for the explanation. I suppose we'll just have to ask around.
Meguru: Umm, can first-years run for president?
Touko: They can. Second-years running is just a custom, not a rule. There have been some first-year presidents, actually.
Touko: Are you interested, Inaba-san? Would you like some... private tutoring? I'll teach you everything you need to know and then some, with just the two of us... Mufufu!
Meguru: N-No thanks! I don't swing that way! And I doubt I'd be a very good president, anyway.
Meguru: I'll ask my friends to see if anyone's interested.
Touko: Yeah? Bummer. As long as you have the motivation for it, you don't need to worry about the actual work; you'll have the help of everyone on the council.
Meguru: Got it. I'll let them know that.
Touko: On that note, I would even welcome a fresh transfer student, as long as they were motivated.
Tsumugi: Umm... I'll give it some thought.
Touko: Okay, please do.
Touko: Alright, then. I'm sorry for asking you all to pick up my slack, but...
Nene: We will do what we can.
*With Ayachi-san's reply, Togakushi-senpai leaves the clubroom looking somewhat relieved.*
Meguru: Election, huh... What do you think? Can we find any candidates?
Shuuji: Honestly? I kinda doubt it.
*I mean, anyone interested in this kind of thing would likely already be going for it.*
*The election last year was pretty dang bland, too. There weren't any sensational campaign speeches at the school gate like you see in anime.*
*I'm guessing this is just something our school doesn't care much about.*
Shuuji: I'm sure there are a few students out there who'd be up for it, but it'll be pretty difficult to find them.
Tsumugi: I'm sorry. I don't think I'll be able to be of any help since I've just transferred.
Shuuji: Don't worry about it. I doubt any of us will be able to do much.
Nene: That's right. All we can do anyway is ask everyone we know if they're interested in running.
Meguru: Who knows, maybe we'll find someone who'll immediately agree to run when asked.
Nene: Yeah, maybe. We shouldn't go into this assuming that we'll fail.
Meguru: Alright, let's give this our best starting tomorrow!
*Yeah! I'll ask around like a pro!*
================================================================================
Wakana: Huh? Student Council president?
Wakana: No way. I have my job at the Schwarze Katze and guitar practice to worry about.
Shuuji: Yeah, I figured.
Hideaki: Huh? Student Council president?
Hideaki: Me? What, are you serious? Do you think I'd make a good prez?
Shuuji: No. Absolutely not.
Hideaki: Dude, that's messed up. You're the one who suggested it.
*%130;Aaand that's everyone!*
*There are so few people I can ask, it's actually sad.*
Shuuji: ......
*No, I need to look at this positively. Let's be thankful for the fact that I have these two friends at all.*
*That aside...*
Shuuji: I figured it'd be like this. Anyone who'd be up for running would've already signed up.
Wakana: Where'd this come from, anyway? You've never been interested in the Student Council before.
Hideaki: This Student Council crap fits you just as well as it fits me.
Shuuji: Yeah, tell me about it. I wouldn't ever want to be president myself. I could do without that much stress.
*I'd stand out quite a bit, which means being exposed to a lot of emotions.*
*And for me, there's nothing worse than that.*
Shuuji: Did you know that the Student Council has been handing out fliers lately?
Wakana: Yeah. "Looking for students willing to become Student Council president!" right?
Hideaki: Ahh... That's what that flier said?
Wakana: You didn't even take one?
Hideaki: I try to never take random crap like fliers and tissues.
Wakana: Except it was the Student Council handing them out. Why wouldn't you take one?
Hideaki: Well, I mean... If it was something really important, we'd get a handout in class and not some flier.
Wakana: Yeah, I guess.
Hideaki: Do you have that flier still?
Wakana: I threw it away after getting it the day before yesterday.
Wakana: Ah, but... Hey, Shiiba-saaan!
Tsumugi: ...Huh? M-Me?
Wakana: Yup. Come over here.
*Kariya waves Shiiba-san over right as she was entering the class.*
Tsumugi: Umm, what is it?
Wakana: That's the flier the Student Council was handing out, right? Let us see it before you throw it away.
Tsumugi: This? Oh, sure. Here.
Hideaki: So this is the flier, huh? Hmm... They must be in deep shit if they're still handing out fliers for that.
Wakana: You think so?
Shuuji: Morning, Shiiba-san.
Tsumugi: Ah, good morning, Hoshina-kun.
Tsumugi: Umm, is this about yesterday, maybe?
Shuuji: Yeah. I asked if they'd be up for it, and it's looking like a big fat "no."
Tsumugi: Are you and Kariya-san close?
Shuuji: I guess. She's one of my few friends.
Tsumugi: Then... the reason she talked to me yesterday was...?
Shuuji: ......
*Kariya would've reached out to her either way, I'm sure, so I can't take the credit here.*
*But even if I could, it would be way too embarrassing.*
Shuuji: Ah, more importantly, let me introduce one more person to you.
Shuuji: The guy next to Kariya is Kaidou Hideaki. He's another friend of mine.
Hideaki: Huh? Me?
Shuuji: C'mon. You're her classmate, so introduce yourself to her.
Hideaki: Uh, sure... I'm Kaidou Hideaki. I know I'm a guy, but feel free to come to me if there's anything you need help with.
Tsumugi: Ah, okay. Thanks!
Tsumugi: I'm Shiiba Tsumugi. As you can see, I'm a... well, maybe you can't see, but I'm a normal girl.
Hideaki: Ahaha! What are you saying? With a rack like that, anyone would see you as a smoking hot girl.
Tsumugi: ―――!
*Kaidou gives the blushing Shiiba-san a thumbs-up and a huge shit-eating grin.*
*And then, out of nowhere, Kariya connects with a low roundhouse kick to the thigh.*
Wakana: Take this!
Hideaki: Thank you very much!
Hideaki: Wait, what the hell was that for?! That hurt!
Wakana: Shut up, dumbass.
Wakana: There's no way talking about her boobs like that isn't offensive. Consider yourself lucky that all I did was kick you.
Shuuji: Yeah, she said it. You're a serious scumbag, dude.
Tsumugi: ...You stared at them too. Didn't you? At my... b-breasts...
Shuuji: Oh, gee, I don't know what you're talking about...
Hideaki: You're the real scumbag for pretending like you're any better.
Wakana: Here comes your punishment!
Shuuji: Ouch! That hurts way more than I imagined!
Wakana: Well, I can see why you guys would.
Wakana: I mean, I'm so jealous... We're almost the same height, so why is there such a big difference? Ugh... Is it okay if I cry for a moment?
Hideaki: Hey, some people like 'em small, you know? There's nothing wrong with a grown woman having a flat chest.
Wakana: Don't call me "flat." I'll knock you on your ass.
Shuuji: I wouldn't worry about it. Any guy who would judge you on breast size alone isn't worth crap.
Wakana: Hoshina...
Hideaki: Alright, question time! Shuuji-kun, my friend, if you were forced to choose between flat or not flat, what would you choose?
Shuuji: Well, it's better have than have not.
Wakana: You backstabbing scumbags are the absolute worst!
Hideaki: Whoa! W-Wakana-chan is seriously pissed!
Shuuji: Calm down! Calm down!!
Tsumugi: Pfft. Ahahaha!
Wakana: This isn't funny, okay?!
Tsumugi: Hah... I'm sorry, but your conversation was too funny. And, Hoshina-kun, you're a lot more fun than you let on in the clubroom.
Shuuji: ...Huh? I am?
*Never heard anyone call me fun before.*
Wakana: You've actually changed a little, you know?
Hideaki: Ah, yeah, I've been thinking so too.
Shuuji: Really?
Wakana: Maybe because you joined the club? It's like it really took your edge off.
Shuuji: You think?
*Hmm... Maybe.*
*I never really goofed around much like this before.*
*Maybe all that chatting with Inaba-san has loosened me up a bit.*
Tsumugi: Did he use to be different?
Hideaki: His personality is mostly the same, but he's more approachable now.
Wakana: And it's like he has lightened up a little.
Hideaki: Oh, I know what you mean. He always used to look ridiculously bored and gloomy.
Wakana: Yeah. How do I put it... He was like a dead fish?
Shuuji: Even you guys are saying that?!
*First my dad, and now my own friends... Seriously, just how messed up did I use to look?!*
Tsumugi: Oh... I didn't think you looked that way when we first met.
Shuuji: Thank you, Shiiba-san.
Shuuji: But anyway... Have I really changed that much?
Hideaki: Well, you never looked out for others much before.
Wakana: Right. It's really not like you to worry about Shiiba-san or to get concerned about the Student Council.
Shuuji: That's just because I joined the OC and―
Wakana: Look, the fact that you're sticking with such a time-consuming club is proof that you've changed.
Shuuji: ...You think so?
*I seriously can't tell.*
Hideaki: So? I take it the Student Council president asked for your help?
Shuuji: Yeah. She's trying to find someone willing to run for president.
Tsumugi: She came to the Occult Club yesterday to ask for our help.
Wakana: Hm? Did you join the club too, Shiiba-san?
Tsumugi: Just as a trial for now, but yeah.
Tsumugi: So please don't hesitate to come over and talk to us if there's anything you're troubled with.
Wakana: I already got help for a problem of mine. But I'll be sure to stop by again should anything come up.
Tsumugi: Yeah! Any time.
Hideaki: Dude, you've really got a harem going, huh?
Shuuji: Being the only guy in a club full of girls is a lot more awkward than you think.
Hideaki: Is that so? It seems pretty good to me.
Shuuji: It can feel pretty isolating, being the only guy there...
Hideaki: ...Yeah, that does sound kinda scary.
Tsumugi: Kariya-san, do you happen to know anyone willing to run for president?
Wakana: No, unfortunately not. Sorry.
Hideaki: Same here. Well, there is someone I think would be a good fit.
Tsumugi: Huh? Who?
Hideaki: Who else?
Wakana, Hideaki: Ayachi-san.
Wakana: I wouldn't have any problem with her being president. I think she'd make for a good leader.
Hideaki: Yeah, and everyone loves her. She'd win the election, easy. There's no one better for the job than her.
Tsumugi: But, unfortunately, she already turned down the offer yesterday.
Wakana: I see... That's too bad.
Hideaki: Well, I guess she has the club to worry about.
*And not just that. There's also her fits of horniness.*
*Worst case, she could have one of those during a school assembly while she's on stage.*
*I can picture it now―Ayachi-san fidgeting about with her face bright red, talking in a strangely erotic voice.*
Nene: Today... I had you come together... because there is something I wish to talk... Ah! Aahn!
*Yeah, that could totally happen.*
*That would leave her in tears for sure.*
Wakana: I can't think of anyone else. Wouldn't someone who's currently in the Student Council work?
Hideaki: Is there no one else you could ask?
Shuuji: I don't have anyone other than you guys!
Hideaki: Dude, that's sad. Don't say that so proudly.
Shuuji: ......
*Ah, but... I guess there might be one other person I could ask.*
Shuuji: Akita-san, want to become the Student Council president?
Akita: Huh? Hmm... Nah. Sounds like a lot of work.
Shuuji: But I bet it'd be a real hit at the mixers. "I'm the Student Council president at my school." "Wow, that's incredible!"
Akita: True. It'd be a pretty effective weapon.
*Oh, a positive response?*
Akita: But there's no point if it makes me too busy to go out, you know? Not that I've ever been to a mixer, anyway!
Akita: Anyway, it's too much work for me. I wouldn't want to abandon my precious friends.
Shuuji: I guess mixers are more important, huh?
Akita: Hey, I said I don't go to mixers. I'm just meeting new friends, okay?
Shuuji: Well, that figures...
*You know, I really do think Akita-san has what it takes to be a good president.*
*At the end of the day, she's a very caring person. She'd make a good leader.*
Shuuji: That's too bad.
*But now I really don't have anyone else I could ask.*
*What do I do now?*
Shuuji: Hmm...
**tug* *tug**
Shuuji: ...Hm?
*I feel someone tugging at my uniform.*
*Oh, it's Ayachi-san... That startled me.*
*That little tug of my sleeve really got my heart racing for some reason.*
Nene: Come to the clubroom during our lunch break. I would like to have a little strategy meeting.
Shuuji: Yeah, sure thing.
*Wow, it's like we're setting up a secret rendezvous...*
Nene: So, how did it go?
Shuuji: I couldn't find anyone. I didn't have a lot of people I could ask.
Meguru: Neither could I. Like I suspected, none of the first years are willing to become president.
Tsumugi: I didn't have anyone I could ask, so I checked out the Student Council's advertising efforts and decided to help them out with that.
Shuuji: Oh, so that's why you had that flier.
Nene: How did it go?
Tsumugi: The reaction of people who accepted the fliers wasn't very good.
Tsumugi: Most people really aren't interested in this kind of stuff, are they?
Meguru: How'd it go for you, Nene-senpai?
Nene: Not good. It seems most people see it as something that would take up all of their free time.
Shuuji: Yeah. It sounds like being in the Student Council would be a real pain.
Meguru: In that case... Maybe we should fix up the Student Council's image?
Shuuji: You mean, like, telling everyone that being on the council isn't as hard as it seems?
Tsumugi: I don't think that's a good idea. I'm sure it's not very easy.
Nene: I agree. It would be a big problem for the Student Council if the president quit because the job was harder than they expected.
Shuuji: Hey, Inaba-san. What are you doing, anyway?
Meguru: Can't you see? I'm trying to make Shiiba-senpai look cuter with some hair accessories.
Tsumugi: ...Should we stop?
Shuuji: No. I think they look great on you.
Tsumugi: Yeah? Thanks... Ehehe.
Meguru: Can you take the barrette?
Tsumugi: Y-Yeah. I'm still fine.
Meguru: Then let's try this scrunchie on next.
*I gotta say, a few simple hair accessories can go a long way towards improving someone's image.*
*I'm starting to wonder what Shiiba-san would look like dressed in regular girls' clothing.*
Shuuji: Anyway, we need to come up with a new plan.
Meguru: Well, how about making the hard work seem worth it by promoting all the benefits you can get?
Meguru: Like, I dunno... "I got a hot boyfriend thanks to becoming the Student Council president!"
Shuuji: That sounds fishy as hell.
Shuuji: Besides, considering the Student Council's responsibilities, you wouldn't want someone who's only in it for the perks.
Nene: Ideally, yes, you wouldn't. After all, there is no second try if it doesn't work out.
Meguru: Well, yeah, I guess so...
Tsumugi: Then...
Meguru: ...Hrrmm. Yeah, just telling people to become the next president ain't gonna work, is it?
Nene: I suppose all we can do for now is postpone the candidate announcement date in order to give ourselves more time to think.
Tsumugi: And we could use that time to advertise the election more actively in order to up awareness.
Shuuji: ......
*I don't think that will make too big of a difference, honestly. Not that I can come up with a better plan.*
*......*
*Maybe we need to change our approach a bit.*
*I abruptly stand up.*
Meguru: Senpai, where are you going?
Shuuji: I'll be back soon.
Shuuji: ...It's not like I have anything to lose by talking to her.
*I head back into the main building, and enter class 2-C.*
*After looking around a bit...*
Shuuji: Umm... Ah, there she is.
Shuuji: Koshiji-san.
Koshiji: Hm? Hoshina-kun?
Koshiji: Long time no see. What brings you here? Aren't you in another class?
Shuuji: Yeah, class A. Do you have a moment? There's something I want to ask you.
Koshiji: You want to ask me something? Okay... What is it?
Shuuji: Sorry, could we go somewhere else for that?
Koshiji: So, what's up? What's all this about? You even led me out of the classroom.
Koshiji: Oh, heh, don't bother asking me out. I'm not interested, so you'd only put me in an awkward place.
Shuuji: Oh, don't worry. I wasn't gonna.
Koshiji: You know, it's pretty irritating when you say that like it's nothing.
*And it's "pretty irritating" when you reject me before I'm even able to start talking.*
Shuuji: Anyway, this is about the Student Council.
Koshiji: Huh? What do you mean? Why would you be asking me about that?
Shuuji: Could you please tell me why you're not participating in the presidential election?
Koshiji: ...Why? I don't think that has anything to do with you.
Shuuji: You see, I'm actually in the Occult Club.
Koshiji: The Occult Club...? Isn't that the club Ayachi-san is in? The one that helps students with their problems?
Shuuji: Yeah. Yesterday, Togakushi-senpai asked for our help because there are no candidates for the next election.
Koshiji: The President came to you... Hmm...
Koshiji: So she's having you convince me to run?
Shuuji: No, not quite. She actually asked us to look for another candidate.
Shuuji: She said she didn't want to force anyone.
Koshiji: Hmm... Then why have you come to me?
Shuuji: The situation isn't looking good.
*If we can't find any newcomers, then our only option is to recruit someone we already know will do a good job, like Koshiji-san.*
*All we need to do is get rid of whatever is preventing her from running.*
Shuuji: There's some kind of reason why you're not running, yeah?
Shuuji: So I figured that if we helped solve that problem for you, you could run.
Koshiji: ......
Koshiji: It's not like I have much of a reason... I'm simply fed up with all the work. That's all.
Shuuji: Even though I've heard that you take your work really seriously? You even stay late a lot, right?
Koshiji: Well, yeah... But aren't you jumping the gun a little by assuming I have a reason?
Shuuji: Well, I saw you talking with Togakushi-senpai about the election. You looked really torn up about not running.
Shuuji: So I figured there must be a reason for that.
Koshiji: ...You've changed, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: ...?
Koshiji: Well, you were never one to butt into other people's affairs before.
Koshiji: Even when people were clearly lying to you, you'd just pretend you didn't notice and still fill in for them, right?
Shuuji: Well... A lot has happened lately.
Shuuji: So, anyway, what do you say? Do you want to talk to this new me about whatever's plaguing you?
Koshiji: No. There is nothing to talk about in the first place. But even if there was... there's no way I could.
Shuuji: No matter what?
Koshiji: Just stop it.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: *sigh* If that's what you want.
Koshiji: Was that all? Can I return to my class now?
Shuuji: Yeah. Thanks. Sorry I took up your time.
Koshiji: ......
Koshiji: Whatever, it's okay.
*She shrugs and heads back to her classroom.*
Shuuji: Welp... Of course it wouldn't go that easily.
*If a fellow council member like Togakushi-senpai couldn't convince her to open up, then there's no way some random guy like I could.*
*But it's pretty obvious that there is some kind of issue stopping her.*
Shuuji: I guess I'll just have to wait and see.
Kanae: What was that? A fight with your girlfriend?
Shuuji: Yeah, as if. Wait, where the heck did you come from?
Kanae: Ah, of course. I doubt you even have friends in other classes, so a girlfriend? Hah, not happening.
Shuuji: I'm gonna cry if you keep bullying me like this. I'll cry like a little baby and drive you into a corner.
Kanae: Stop being so vindictive!
Kanae: Anyway, what was that about? It looked like a fight to me, at least.
Shuuji: It really wasn't. It was just some club business.
Kanae: Who are you helping out this time?
Shuuji: Information on our clientele is strictly confidential. Oh, but I guess this is a pretty serious school-related matter this time.
Shuuji: It's the Student Council president.
Kanae: Oh, about how there are no candidates for president. You must've been asking Koshiji-san about why she won't run.
Shuuji: Do you know anything about her?
Kanae: Not about this, sorry. That girl won't tell anyone why she isn't running.
Shuuji: Oh...
Shuuji: Well, let me ask this instead; what's her work ethic and attitude been like in the Student Council?
Kanae: Hm? Well... I'm not involved in the Student Council, but it always seemed to me like she enjoys her work there.
Kanae: We teachers made the same mistake, thinking she'd run for sure. The faculty room is in chaos.
Kanae: Oh, right. Different topic, but could I ask you to thank Ayachi-san for me?
Shuuji: I don't mind, but what for?
Kanae: About Shiiba-san. I talked to her a little this morning, and she seemed pretty grateful too.
Shuuji: Glad to hear.
Kanae: These days, there are some issues teachers aren't well equipped to help with no matter how attentive we are. I'm thankful to all of you.
Shuuji: I feel like she would have done fine one way or another even if we hadn't stepped in, though.
Kanae: Yeah, probably. But when you're responsible for other people, you can't just stop worrying about them.
Kanae: So anyway, let Ayachi know that I'm really grateful to her.
Shuuji: Okay, got it.
Kanae: Thanks. Make sure not to be late for the next class.
*Hisashima-sensei nonchalantly waves and heads back to the faculty room.*
*I tasted none of the sourness I perceived last time, though I doubt all her worries are gone.*
*I'm happy to have relieved at least a little bit of her stress, though....Hm?*
Shuuji: Wait, I wonder if...
Meguru: Hey, what took you so long? You said you'd be right back.
Shuuji: Yeah, I got held up.
Shuuji: Ayachi-san, there's something I need to talk to you about.
Nene: You need to talk? But lunch break is almost over...
Shuuji: It won't take long.
Nene: Okay. Well then, we'll continue later.
Meguru: Got it.
Tsumugi: I'll head back to class now.
Kanae: Mhm, nnngh...
Teacher A: Hisashima-sensei, how are things going for that transfer student?
Kanae: She's doing great. There aren't any problems so far.
Teacher A: I see. I'm glad to hear that. Kids these days have such different values. I have no idea what they're thinking.
Kanae: No matter how hard you try, you'll never be able to understand all of them, anyway.
Teacher A: Yeah, I suppose so. Alright, time to go to my next class.
*And while Hisashima-sensei was having that conversation...*
*I and Ayachi-san have been secretly watching her from the hallway.*
Shuuji: So, how's it look?
Nene: It's weak, but the bottle is responding. It should be possible to retrieve fragments from her.
Shuuji: Oh, nice.
*Like I thought, she must've been pretty worried about Shiiba-san.*
Shuuji: So, when do you want to retrieve them? Right now?
Nene: That would be a bad idea. Classes are about to start, and it would cause a scene if she suddenly collapsed in the faculty room.
Shuuji: After school, then? But we need to help with the election...
Nene: It's not like we need to do it right away. It should be alright to do it when we're about to go home.
Shuuji: Yeah? Then let's go back to the classroom for now.
Hideaki: Nnngh! Man, it's finally over.
Wakana: Alright, time for my part-time job.
Hideaki: Working again today, huh? What about you, Shuuji?
Shuuji: Gonna help with the election stuff.
Hideaki: Oh, the thing Shiiba-san's flier was about? 
Wakana: Sorry. I'd help if I didn't have to work.
Shuuji: Don't worry about it.
Nene: Umm, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Ah, yeah. I know.
*I should invite Shiiba-san to come along before we―*
Shuuji: ...Huh? Where's Shiiba-san?
Nene: It seems she left the classroom the moment school was over.
Shuuji: Did she go on ahead of us?
*She knows that we're helping the Student Council today. We should get going too.*
Shuuji: Attention, everyone! The Student Council elections are right around the corner! We're currently looking for students who would like to run for president!
*We're currently trying to hand out fliers to the students on their way home.*
*The problem is, nobody's taking them, probably because of how long the Student Council has been at this already.*
*Nearly everyone passing us by looks like they're sick of hearing about this.*
*It's almost like they want us to just get our of their hair already.*
Tsumugi: I'm sorry for being late! There was something I had to take care of.
Touko: Oh, don't worry about it. Especially since you helped out this morning.
Tsumugi: I'm done with that now, so I can start helping right away.
Touko: Okay, thanks.
*Shiiba-san runs over to me with a stack of fliers in hand.*
Tsumugi: How's it going so far?
Shuuji: Seems like no one's even accepting the fliers anymore.
Tsumugi: Oh, I see...
Shuuji: I feel like this is because everyone already knows, not because they don't care.
Shuuji: A positive way to look at this would be that the advertising succeeded in spreading the word to everyone. But...
Tsumugi: That doesn't do any good if no one actually wants to run for president.
Shuuji: Right. I doubt this kind of simple advertising will get us any further.
*Most students are probably already aware that there are currently no candidates.*
*Aside from the people who never pay attention like Kaidou.*
Tsumugi: We need to think of another approach.
Shuuji: Yeah, if only that was so easy...
*We couldn't come up with anything during lunch today, so we're at a complete standstill.*
Touko: Hmm... We're not getting any good responses. Looks like handing out fliers won't do us any good anymore.
Touko: Maybe people would look at the fliers more if we made them pink? Especially the guys.
Shuuji: Togakushi-senpai...
Touko: Sorry, sorry. But jokes aside, we can stop handing out fliers now.
Tsumugi: Are you sure?
Touko: I think just about everyone knows about the election by now, so handing out more fliers would be pretty meaningless.
Touko: Besides, even if I'm retiring, I'm still the president for now and have lots of other things to do. So it's not like I'm going easy on you guys.
Nene: Then...
Touko: I'll wait and see how effective our advertising was and then take things from there myself.
Meguru: Do you know of any good candidates other than that Koshiji-san person?
Touko: I dunno... The other vice president is better suited for drafting reports, so if I was gonna persuade someone, it would probably be the secretary.
Touko: Anywho, that's just another part of my job, so leave it all to me.
Nene: ...Okay, we will. But please don't hesitate to let us know if there's anything else we can help with.
Touko: Thank you, Ayachi-san.
Nene: I'm very sorry we couldn't be of help.
Touko: That's not true. Thanks to you, the rest of the council was able to keep working while we were out here spreading the word.
Nene: Just let us know if there's anything else we can help with. We'll gladly do whatever we can.
Touko: Okay, thank you. I'll take you up on that if we ever need the help.
Touko: Alright then, let's call it a day.
*Senpai collects the remaining fliers from us and then returns to the main building.*
Meguru: I think we need a more direct plan of action.
Tsumugi: But we already tried to come up with something during lunch break and couldn't.
Meguru: Right... *sigh*
Shuuji: Anyway, shouldn't we go somewhere else now? No point in standing around and talking here.
Nene: We should call it a day. The sun's starting to set, after all.
Meguru: Nene-senpai, can we go home together?
Nene: Sorry, but I can't. There's something I need to do today.
Meguru: Oh, really? That's too bad.
Meguru: How about you, Shiiba-senpai? Got any plans?
Tsumugi: Me? No, I don't. I was going to go straight home... You really want to walk home with me?
Meguru: Of course! If you don't mind, I'd love to!
Tsumugi: Of course I don't! I really want to as well.
Meguru: Yay!
Tsumugi: Ehehe.
Meguru: Ah, what about you, Hoshina-senpai?
Shuuji: Thanks for asking, but sorry. I got other plans.
Meguru: Well, okay... Well, let's go, Shiiba-senpai. Where do you live?
Tsumugi: Past the station.
Meguru: Same as me, then! Umm... Would it be okay for me to call you Tsumugi-senpai?
Tsumugi: Y-Yeah! Of course!
*The two of them head for their classrooms to get their things, chatting merrily.*
Shuuji: So, I take it you plan on retrieving Hisashima-sensei's heart fragments?
Nene: Yes. I want to bring her somewhere discrete and do it there.
Shuuji: Alright. Let's go and see her.
Nene: Do you think she'll be in the faculty room?
Shuuji: I'm assuming so.
Teacher A: Hisashima-sensei.
Kanae: Yes? What is it?
Teacher A: Have you talked to the principal about this yet?
Kanae: No, not yet. There are a few other things I need to make sure of first. I'll talk to him once I finish that.
Teacher A: Is that so? Alright, thank you.
Shuuji: She seems pretty busy.
Nene: Yeah. I'll feel a little bad for interrupting her.
Shuuji: Especially since she's gonna lose consciousness for a while after you do your thing.
Shuuji: What's the plan, then? Want to wait for a better time?
Nene: We could, but... we won't be able to retrieve any fragments if we wait for too long.
Shuuji: Ahh, right. The heart balances itself out naturally.
Nene: Especially when the fragments show such a weak response.
Shuuji: Is it possible that we're already too late?
Nene: No, most certainly not. Based on the response when we got during lunch, there should be about two or three days left.
Shuuji: But still, the longer you wait, the fewer fragments you'll get, right?
Nene: Yes, but a few hours won't make much of a difference. So, right now it should... Huh?
Shuuji: What is it? What happened?
Nene: Well... Umm... It's not responding.
Shuuji: You mean... it's not detecting any nearby fragments?
Nene: Yes... Based on my experience, the bottle should be emitting the same amount of light... This is really strange.
Shuuji: Does it differ from person to person?
Nene: There are differences like any other matter of the heart, yes, but... Hmm...
Shuuji: So, what could cause fragments to disappear?
Nene: Let me think... It could happen if the problem came back and the person became even more stressed as a result.
Nene: There are also instances where fragments can get reabsorbed when an entirely different problem comes up. But there's no hint of that at all... This doesn't make any sense.
Shuuji: Any other ideas?
Nene: ......
Nene: ...Maybe.
Shuuji: What is it?
Nene: This is just a possibility, but... it could be that someone else retrieved Hisashima-sensei's fragments.
Shuuji: Wait, are you saying what I think you are?
Nene: Yes.
Nene: There might be another witch here besides me.
================================================================================
Kanae: So that means this sentence is paraphrasing the part from four lines prior.
Kanae: The rest is simple once you realize that, yeah? 
Schoolgirl C: ......
*We're in the middle of class, and everyone is currently concentrating on Hisashima-sensei's lecture.*
Schoolboy B: ......
*All of my classmates are diligently copying down what's written on the blackboard into their notebooks.*
*As far as I can tell, none of them are acting strange or suspicious.*
*Still... I'm nervous.*
*I can hardly believe it, but there might be another witch among them.*
Nene: If there really is another witch besides me, things are going to get complicated.
Shuuji: You mean... this could end up turning into a scramble for fragments or something?
Nene: Yes, that's very possible. Fragments aren't easy to gather, after all...
Shuuji: Wait, do you think you could get attacked directly?
Nene: I want to say they wouldn't resort to such extreme measures, but... it is a possibility. 
Shuuji: What should we do, then?
Nene: First of all, let's be careful not to let on that I'm a witch and that you're helping me.
Shuuji: If possible, should we try to find out who the other witch is?
Nene: Ideally, yes, but it's better not to take risks. They could find us out if we act suspiciously.
Nene: Besides, we still don't know if there's actually another witch yet. I think we should avoid acting rashly.
Shuuji: Okay.
*If there really is another witch, they could be in another class or even another year.*
*We have no information whatsoever, so there's really no point in me worrying about it like this.*
Shuuji: (But still, assuming there really is one, it wouldn't be good to fall a step behind them.)
*I'd like to seize the initiative, if possible.*
*Coming up with a plan would be better than twiddling my thumbs.*
*And so, with that as my excuse, I've been on the lookout for any suspicious students.*
Shuuji: ......
*I'm probably the most suspicious one right now though. Gotta be careful.*
Shuuji: (Is Ayachi-san gonna be alright?)
*I hope she won't get nervous from this and end up having another fit...*
Nene: ......
Shuuji: ...Hmm?
*Is it just me, or do Ayachi-san's cheeks look a little red?*
*And she's been squirming around for a little while now. It seems like she can't concentrate on class.*
*Wait, is it happening again?!*
Nene: Mh, mhh...
*It is! She really IS having another fit!*
*Wh-Wh-Wh-What now?! Should I find a way to pull her out of class again?*
*It's a bad idea to use the same approach as last time, though. I need to come up with something else.*
Nene: Ahhh... Hyah, mh... Uhn, haah, haah...
*Oh crap. Oh crap!*
*As I'm freaking out over what to do, the bell blessedly rings, signaling the end of class.*
Kanae: Alright, we'll stop here for today.
*I get up from my seat the moment Hisashima-sensei declares and end to class.*
*I turn towards Ayachi-san, but she took action even faster than I did.*
*She had gotten up before Hisashima-sensei even finished and bolted out of the classroom.*
*She must have left to do something about it herself. Is she gonna be alright, though? I'm a little concerned.*
Shuuji: ......
Wakana: What're you just standing around for?
Shuuji: Huh? Oh, no reason.
Wakana: Okay...?
*Yeah, I know. There's nothing I can do if I go after her. But I'm still worried; I can't help it.*
*I manage to find Ayachi-san awfully easily, making me feel silly for worrying so much.*
Nene: ......
*And she appears to be totally calm. There seems to be no need for worry.*
*...What's the deal? She recovered incredibly fast today. It's like all that horniness she had just a few moments ago has completely dissipated.*
Shuuji: Huh... Was her fit not that bad today?
Shuuji: Hey, Ayachi-san.
Nene: Yes? What is it, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Umm... Are you okay?
Nene: Why do you ask?
Shuuji: Well, I noticed during class that you were having, um... one of your fits, right?
Nene: ―――! Y-You noticed that?
Shuuji: Yeah... Just by coincidence.
Nene: I-I see... You noticed again...
Shuuji: It looks like it ended pretty fast today. Was everything okay?
Nene: Yes. Everything's fine.
Nene: Actually, I made use of a secret weapon.
Shuuji: You mean like how we discussed the other day?
Nene: Yes, that's right. I found a secret weapon!
*Ayachi-san is brimming with confidence.*
*Well then. I suppose that "secret weapon" of hers is why she was able to appease her horniness so fast today.*
Shuuji: So, what kind of secret―
Nene: I can't tell you that!
*She is so obviously trying to hide something!*
Nene: I couldn't possibly tell you that... Th-That's what makes it a secret weapon.
Nene: I can't let anyone find out about it.
Shuuji: ......
*Now I'm really curious.*
*Though, considering the subject matter, I guess it makes sense why she doesn't want to say...*
Nene: Anyway, I'm alright. You don't need to worry about me.
Shuuji: Well, okay... If you say so.
Nene: Alright. I'm heading back to class now.
*Ayachi-san hurries away in an embarrassed panic.*
*And as she passes me, something drops onto the floor.*
Shuuji: Huh? Ayachi-san, you dropped something.
Nene: Huh? Ah, hyaah!
*It's rectangular, pink and has a dial. It looks like a remote control of some sorts...*
*Wait a minute... A pink remote?!*
Nene: ―――!
*Ayachi-san snatches it from the floor and stuffs it into her pocket.*
*Well... Judging by my limited knowledge, there's only one thing that could be...*
Nene: ...D-Did you see it?
Shuuji: S-So, your secret weapon is a―
Nene: N-No! It's not! I-It's totally not an e-egg vibrator or whatever you think it is!
Shuuji: Huh?! It's not?! Is it something even more extreme, then?!
Nene: No, definitely not! It's, it's... Umm... Uhh...
Nene: I-It's an... egg vibrator... An egg vibrator!
*Welp, she just gave it away. Was she worried I'd misunderstand? Or could she not come up with any excuses?*
*She looks so dejected that I feel bad. It almost feels like I'm picking on her now.*
*But really, a-an egg vibrator, huh? That's a secret weapon, alright. In more ways than one...*
Nene: Please understand! I got this out of necessity! With it, I can calm myself down quickly without being noticed!
Nene: B-Besides, I don't use it all the time! It's just a secret weapon I use during emergencies!
Shuuji: I never asked for an explanation.
Nene: W-Well, I-I ordered it online!
Shuuji: I didn't ask about that, either!
Nene: Also, I made sure to properly change today! I learned from my mistake last time. I now always carrying an extra pair with me! So I'm wearing panties right now!
Nene: No chilliness down there!
Shuuji: %130;I'm not asking about ANY of this!
Shuuji: Calm down. You always give yourself away like that because you panic so much. If you just calm down, you'll see that―
Nene: ...I need to die. Death is my only way out.
Shuuji: Don't just say that on a whim!
Nene: Then I guess I need to somehow erase your memories while I can. If I hit your head hard enough, then maybe...
Shuuji: Okay, now you're really scaring me!
Nene: Then we should just go and die together.
Shuuji: Didn't we go over this already?!
Shuuji: Just calm down! Please! Everyone will notice something is up at this rate!
*You know, I've been thinking, and...*
*Ayachi-san is a total airhead, isn't she?*
*After a while of that...*
*School ended for the day without us finding the other witch.*
*Since we're not handing out fliers anymore, we're back to our usual routine of waiting around for someone to stop by.*
Student: Umm, excuse me. I've heard that you help students with their problems here?
Nene: Yes. It's fine. You can come in.
Student: Thank you. Excuse me.
*A rather short girl has visited. Is she a first year?*
Nene: So, what's troubling you?
Student: Well... Umm...
Student: ......
Nene: ...? Is something the matter?
Student: No, umm...
Shuuji: ...Hm?
*She's been glancing at me for some reason... Oh, of course.*
*She doesn't want to talk about this with a guy around.*
*Eh, these things happen. Oh well.*
Shuuji: I'm gonna go grab a drink for myself.
Nene: Oh, alright. Thank you.
Shuuji: Yep. See you later.
*I head straight to the vending machines and grab some black tea.*
Shuuji: Another visitor already, huh?
*We risk the other witch noticing us if we act rashly.*
*So it's potentially dangerous to help her. But still, we can't just ignore someone who went out of their way to ask for our help.*
Shuuji: I really wonder who this witch could be...
*I go through the available information one more time while sipping on my tea.*
*According to Ayachi-san, she hasn't noticed the presence of another witch so far, and I doubt anyone that careful would screw up and get noticed after all this time.*
*I find it more likely that we're dealing with someone who has just recently become a witch.*
*Additionally, this is someone who knew about Hisashima-sensei's worries.*
*They acted fast, which means that they must be close enough to Hisashima-sensei to notice a change in her heart. The chances are good that the witch is one of her students.*
*And above all, the fact that they are a witch means they have a wish they want to see fulfilled... Hm? Wait a second...*
Shuuji: Could that really be true?
Touko: Alright, I'll go turn the papers in at the faculty room. Could you tell the other council members what to do next for me?
Shuuji: Hm?
*Oh, it's Togakushi-senpai and Koshiji-san.*
Shuuji: Oh, right... There's also the whole deal with Koshiji-san.
*She wouldn't tell me what's bothering her. Still, I'd like to butt in and help her if possible.*
Koshiji: Yes. Leave that to me.
Touko: Thanks. See you later.
*Just like everyone said, she really doesn't look like she hates her work, does she?*
*I don't sense the slightest hint of displeasure from her. In fact, she seems downright happy.*
*So she's not fed up with the council work, yet she refuses to run for president.*
*What reason could she have for that?*
*While I'm ruminating, I notice Koshiji-san staring at the departing Togakushi-senpai.*
Koshiji: *sigh*... President...
Shuuji: ...Hm?
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Hmmmm?
*Koshiji-san's is gazing at Togakushi-senpai pretty wistfully, isn't she?*
*And her cheeks have turned rosy.*
*I'm also sensing that her happiness has turned into another emotion.*
*I'm experiencing a tingling, numbing sensation kinda like electricity across my body.*
*This sensation... I've felt it before.*
*If I recall correctly, I felt this when Kaidou was troubled by something... Hm?*
*Wait a second. Didn't he have a crush on someone?*
*This is the same stimulus as back then, which means... No, that can't be.*
*I'm obviously just overthinking this... right?*
Koshiji: Oh no. I need to hurry back to the Student... Coun...cil.
Koshiji: H-Hoshina-kun?! How long have you been there?!
Shuuji: Huh? Since a little bit before Togakushi-senpai left for the faculty room?
Koshiji: Does that mean you were w... watching me? Y-You saw that?!
Shuuji: ...Huh? Wait, really?
*Hold the phone! This reaction! So, this really means...?*
Shuuji: %130;WHAAAAAAT?!
Koshiji: Wh-What are you surprised for?
*She's back to her usual tone, but her cheeks are still flushed red, and I can still feel that numbing sensation.*
*Koshiji-san has worked hard in the Student Council for two years now.*
*The same Student Council with Togakushi-senpai, who was the secretary last year and the president this year.*
*And let's not forget about what Togakushi-senpai said the other day.*
Touko: Her attendance rate is very high, and she always happily does her job. She often stays late with me, after everyone else has already gone home.
*"She often stays late with me, after everyone else has already gone home."*
*So... really? I can't believe it!*
Shuuji: Hey, so... about you and Togakushi-senpai...
Koshiji: ......
Shuuji: ...You like her? You got a crush on her or something?
Koshiji: ~~~~~~!
*It's love! She's in love!*
*And it's yuri love on top of that! Now THAT I didn't expect!*
Nanao: Welcome.
Shuuji: Hey there.
Nanao: Oh, Hoshina-kun. It's been a while.
Shuuji: Yeah, I guess so.
Nanao: What brings you here today? Have a craving for our house blend?
Shuuji: That does sound good, but I would actually like to use the cafe to listen to a certain someone's worries. I see Kariya isn't working today.
Nanao: That's okay, but is it just you? What about Nene?
Shuuji: I think she's probably still in our clubroom at school. I left early and came here because something came up.
Shuuji: So, I'd like you to let us talk here if that's okay. It's a sensitive subject I wouldn't want other people overhearing.
Nanao: Sure. Use the table in the back.
Shuuji: Thank you.
Nanao: What would you like to have?
Shuuji: The house blend.
*I sit down at the suggested table and quietly wait for Koshiji-san to arrive.*
Nanao: Welcome.
Koshiji: Umm, I'm meeting someone here.
Shuuji: I'm over here, Koshiji-san.
*I raise my hand casually and call out to Koshiji-san, who is looking around the cafe's lounge.*
Koshiji: Umm, I would like an orange juice. 
Nanao: Sure thing. One orange juice coming right up.
*Koshiji-san heads over and sits down at the other side of my table.*
Shuuji: You already wrapped up your Student Council work?
Koshiji: Yeah, somehow. Sorry I kept you waiting.
Shuuji: Oh, no, don't worry about it. Anyway, are you okay talking here?
Koshiji: Yeah. There is no one else here, and this isn't the kind of place other students drop by after school anyway.
Koshiji: I'm surprised you know about such a stylish cafe.
Shuuji: Someone else showed it to me.
*After our greetings, we engaged in some idle chatter.*
*Koshiji-san's orange juice arrives around two minutes later.*
Nanao: Please enjoy.
Shuuji: ......
Koshiji: ......
*I find myself unable to start the conversation.*
*At this rate, things will get awkward and I'll be assailed by the usual headache...*
Koshiji: ...Do you detest me now?
Shuuji: Huh? Why would I detest you?
Koshiji: Because, like you said, I'm in love with... President Togakushi.
Shuuji: I won't deny that it was pretty surprising, but I wouldn't ever hate you for that.
Koshiji: ...Really?
Shuuji: Umm, I've got a question. Sorry if this is inconsiderate, but... do you swing both ways, or just the one?
Koshiji: I only swing that way, I think. That's just how I've always been.
Koshiji: You don't seem fazed by this at all, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Well, it's not like I know what you're going through... I just figure this is how some people are, is all.
Koshiji: I don't think there are many people who are as accepting of this as you are.
Shuuji: Yeah?
*Maybe I'm this way because I've been such a loner until now?*
*I just can't find it in myself to be prejudiced towards this kind of thing.*
Koshiji: At least, not around me. Most think it's gross.
*Koshiji-san starts to tell me her story.*
Koshiji: You see, I've been more interested in girls than boys for a pretty long time... I think it was in the fifth grade when I truly realized.
Koshiji: I had a close friend in my class. We had a lot of physical contact like most young girls, and I think she was probably my first love.
Koshiji: But at the time, I wasn't aware yet that I was different.
Shuuji: So, did you...?
Koshiji: Yeah, I confessed to her.
Shuuji: A-And...?
Koshiji: When I said "I really like you," she said "me too."
Shuuji: But...
Koshiji: Yeah, she meant that as a friend. Except I didn't realize that and got carried away. I even tried to kiss her.
Koshiji: She didn't accept the kiss. And then, from the next day on, all the other girls kept their distance. Things got really awkward, as you'd expect.
Koshiji: It was like everyone suddenly started acting like I was a stranger to them. None of the other girls ever invited me to hang out with them again after that.
Koshiji: It was so painful for me that I had to go to a school where no one I knew went.
Koshiji: And while there, I actually tried to force myself to fall in love with some boys.
Shuuji: But you could only ever feel anything for girls?
Koshiji: Right. That's why I said I only swing that way; I already tried the other way.
Shuuji: I see.
Koshiji: I tried my best to hide that fact about myself and to not fall in love with anyone. I managed to do quite well at that, until I came to this school.
Koshiji: That was when I met her, President Togakushi. After that, I couldn't suppress my feelings anymore.
Shuuji: And that's why you joined the Student Council in your first year...
Koshiji: Thank you for occasionally doing my class rep duties for me back then.
Shuuji: If you feel indebted, then you can repay me by running for election.
Koshiji: That's a whole different matter.
Shuuji: ...You sure are stubborn.
Koshiji: Well, what can I do? After spending two years together with her in the Student Council, it's full of memories for me.
Koshiji: If I keep spending time there, I'll be forced to remember her, never able to forget. Being forced to remember that unrequited love for an entire year sounds like torture...
*Oh, so that's why she's quitting the Student Council.*
Koshiji: Why did I have to fall in love with her?
Shuuji: Well... You can't control that kind of thing. After all, that's why they call it "falling" in love.
Koshiji: Hah, that's so cheesy! Sorry, but I can't handle corniness on that level.
Shuuji: ......
*I bore with the embarrassment and said that to make her feel better, and that's how she thanks me?!*
*I'm so bad at this. I probably shouldn't even be trying to console her in the first place...*
Koshiji: But you're right. My head is telling me to suppress these feelings... but my heart doesn't listen.
Shuuji: Wow, that's easily as cheesy as what I said.
Koshiji: Haha. Maybe I caught that from you.
Shuuji: Do you want to confess? You're not in elementary school anymore. I don't think it'd turn out like it did in the past.
Koshiji: It would still only bother her. And it would hurt me, too.
Koshiji: So wouldn't it be better if I don't tell her anything and give up on her?
Shuuji: Well... I can see your point.
*Having been ostracized in the past myself, I get what she's saying.*
*But that's exactly why I want to press on. I don't want to back down here.*
Shuuji: But if your feelings for her are this strong, you won't be able to forget her either way. Quitting the Student Council won't change anything.
Koshiji: ...Tch. You really know how to hit where it hurts.
Koshiji: I still think not confessing is for the best. It's me who'd be the one facing her rejection... And once she rejects me, it's over. There'd be no more hope.
Shuuji: ......
*Koshiji-san smiles casually.*
*But contrary to that smile, I can sense a crushing pain against my chest.*
*How can she be smiling when she's in so much pain?*
Koshiji: So, anyway, that's all I have to say about this.
*Koshiji-san puts the money for her orange juice on the table and gets up.*
Koshiji: You absolutely have to keep this to yourself, alright?
*Koshiji-san tries to put an end to the conversation.*
*But I don't give up. I'm not done butting in.*
Shuuji: I... still think it'd be better to tell her.
Koshiji: Huh? Why?
Shuuji: Well, you can't stop your feelings, and you love her so much it hurts, right?
Shuuji: I can tell just by looking.
*The reason I was noticed her feelings in the first place was because she couldn't suppress them.*
*And my ability backed me up.*
*Her feelings have fluctuated wildly during the course of our conversation. One moment I'm going numb, and the next my heart was being squeezed.*
*She loves her so much that she can't control her own emotions.*
Koshiji: ...Man, aren't you annoying.
Koshiji: You've seriously changed. You never used to be such a busybody.
Shuuji: I'm surprised myself. I never would've said these things before, even if I thought them.
Shuuji: But, well... I can kind of understand how you feel.
Koshiji: You can? Huh? Wait, are you g-ga―
Shuuji: %130;NO I'M NOT!
Koshiji: But you just―!
Shuuji: What I meant is that I know what it's like to try to smother your feelings. You end up smothering yourself in the process.
Shuuji: I think love is the feeling that defines you most as a person.
Shuuji: And so denying that feeling means denying yourself. Ignore that, and you'll come to regret it. Definitely.
Shuuji: Anyone could see that your feelings are genuine. 
Koshiji: ......
Shuuji: If giving up becomes the default, you'll end up throwing away everything, even the things most important to you.
Shuuji: So you need to learn how to cherish yourself before you let that happen.
Koshiji: Hoshina-kun...
Koshiji: Haha, you're such a kid! You think you can solve any problem on passion alone? How ridiculous.
*She laughs at me dismissively.*
*But, despite that... she sits down again. *
Koshiji: So? Mister Busybody thinks I should confess, then?
Shuuji: I just think it would be best for you to get some form of closure. Otherwise, you'll regret it, and you'll end up badly scarred.
*Or, maybe even worse than a scar, she could end up with a gaping hole.*
*Like with what happened to me...*
Koshiji: Enough with the cheesy lines, already.
Koshiji: ......
Koshiji: I mean, come on, could you seriously stop saying these things to me?
Koshiji: I thought I had already made up my mind, but now you're making me waver.
Shuuji: Good. That's the whole reason I keep telling you this stuff.
Koshiji: *sigh* Geez, how annoying...
*Koshiji-san heaves a heavy sigh.*
*She tries to take a sip of orange juice before realizing it's already empty.*
*She sighs again and stares at the table for a while in silence.*
Koshiji: So, I take it you'll lend me a hand after everything you've said, yeah?
Shuuji: I'll help in any way I can.
Koshiji: ......Okay. I'll give it some thought. Maybe this will make for an interesting change of pace.
Shuuji: ......
Koshiji: What're you so surprised for?
Shuuji: Well, you agreed to it more easily than I expected.
Koshiji: I mean... I'm kind of happy, honestly. I always thought I'd face nothing but rejection in life.
Koshiji: But you accepted me as I am, cared about what I had to say, talked with me, and even tried to help me with my problems.
Koshiji: I guess that's why I'm opening up to you so much. Besides... you're right on the money with the "you'll regret it" part.
*After having given up many times over, she's finally realizing that she will regret her actions.*
*She has been bottling everything up inside... but could never talk about it.*
*Maybe this was just the opportunity she needed to unload her baggage on someone.*
Koshiji: Man, I never thought I'd regret that. I suppose I really shouldn't give up this time.
Shuuji: Yeah, I think so too.
Koshiji: Yeah... So, well, err... Thanks, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Heh. Don't fall for me, now.
Koshiji: Haha! Not a freaking chance. Don't give me that delusional crap.
Shuuji: Whoa... You honestly scared me for a moment there.
Koshiji: Alright, I'm going now. Don't forget our promise, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Yeah, I know.
Nanao: Thank you for your visit.
Shuuji: ......
Nanao: You've got quite the difficult task ahead of you, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Souma-san? You were listening?
Nanao: Dogs are known for their sense of smell, but cats are known for their hearing, you know? That goes for my human form too.
Shuuji: I imagine you can hear every conversation in the cafe, then.
Nanao: It's not like you broke your promise, so don't worry about that. I won't tell Nene about it, either.
Shuuji: Thanks.
Nanao: But have you really thought this through? There is no guarantee a confession of love will go well. Especially when it's between two girls...
Shuuji: Koshiji-san is well aware that she'll be turned down. No one knows this better than her.
Shuuji: But she has still decided to do it. Being rejected wouldn't necessarily make it a failure.
Nanao: She'll confess knowing she'll be turned down? Hmm... I honestly don't understand that. A most intriguing action to take.
*Is this the kind of thing only humans will understand?*
*I suppose, logically thinking, it is a pretty pointless thing to do.*
Nanao: I do have one piece of advice... Or rather, something I think you should know.
Shuuji: Yeah?
Nanao: This has been eating away at her much more than you think. It will probably be possible to retrieve fragments from her if she finds closure with this.
Shuuji: It's that bad?
Nanao: She's been suppressing her emotions since her first love, and it's been tormenting her ever since. Don't you think she has a lot of emotions bottled up inside?
*She seriously might have been in danger of having a hole open up in her heart like me.*
*Or maybe there's already a small one starting to grow...*
Shuuji: I really want her to finally find some closure.
Nanao: Well, I'll be praying for everything to go well. Just let me know if there's anything I can help with.
Shuuji: Thank you.
*First things first, I need follow through on my promise with Koshiji-san and set the stage.*
================================================================================
Shuuji: Mh, nngh...
Shuuji: *yawn* Ahh, it's morning?
*I climb out of bed and get ready for school.*
*Following my usual routine, I change, eat breakfast, and head for school... where Togakushi-senpai awaits.*
*After arriving earlier than usual, I find a girl waiting for me at the entrance.*
Koshiji: Morning, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Hey, Koshiji-san.
Shuuji: Well? Is she here yet?
Koshiji: Yeah, she's here already. She's in the Student Council room, like usual.
Shuuji: Okay. I'll be on my way, then.
Koshiji: G-Good luck. I know it's a bit late in the game to be saying this, but... I'm getting pretty nervous. My heart is pounding.
Shuuji: Well, I'll go and talk to her.
Shuuji: Don't worry, I'll set things up as planned... Unless she secretly hates me or something.
Koshiji: Oh, that should be fine. She can hate you all she wants; she's still too kind to brush you off.
Shuuji: Thanks for the encouragement, but did you have to phrase it that way?
Shuuji: Anyway, I'm going now.
Koshiji: Okay.
*I part with Koshiji-san and enter the second building where the Student Council room is located.*
*The room is on the right-hand side of the first floor.*
Touko: Oh? It's Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Huh? Ah, good morning, Togakushi-senpai.
Touko: Yeah, good morning.
Shuuji: What are you doing here? Are you headed somewhere?
Touko: Yeah, the faculty room. I have to submit some papers. What are you doing in the second building so early? Forgot something in your clubroom?
Shuuji: No, not quite... I was actually on my way to see you.
Touko: To see me?
Shuuji: Yeah. There's something I want to talk about.
Touko: Oh, about the election, maybe?
Touko: Don't you worry about that. I'll take care of that myself.
Shuuji: No, sorry, that's not it either.
Touko: Then what could it be? Oh, you're here with some dirty requests, aren't you?
Touko: I may be a caring older girl, but don't expect me to go along with your fantasies.
Shuuji: It isn't anything like that, either.
Shuuji: I know you're busy, but could I borrow some of your time after school today?
Touko: This is something serious, isn't it? I'm sorry for joking around.
Shuuji: No, that's okay. More importantly, will you be free?
Touko: Well, I might, but how long will this take? Will it take long?
Touko: I have Student Council work to do, so it'd be a problem if this took too much time. Will that be okay?
Shuuji: No, this could take a while, actually. There's somewhere I want you to accompany me to.
Shuuji: I don't mind waiting until you're done.
Touko: Huh? But I won't finish until evening, even if everything goes smoothly, you know?
Shuuji: Yeah, that's fine; I can wait. Is that okay with you?
Touko: What's wrong? Something must have happened for you to ask this... right?
Shuuji: Err, well... There are reasons. Anyway, are you okay with that? Or is that too late?
Touko: I don't have a problem with it, but are you really okay waiting that long?
Shuuji: I don't mind. Please, I really need you to come.
Touko: If it's that important to you, then okay, I'll go. I'll see you after school, then.
Shuuji: Right, see you later.
*Togakushi-senpai waves goodbye and heads off to the faculty room.*
Shuuji: You know, she agreed to that more readily than I expected.
*I wonder how easy it would be to ask her out on a date?*
Shuuji: I'm honestly not good with gentle girls like her.
*I'm afraid I'd get the wrong idea and start believing that she might have a thing for me.*
Shuuji: Anyway, the actors are ready, and the stage is set. All that's left is talking to Ayachi-san.
Shuuji: Sorry, Ayachi-san, but I won't be able to attend the club today.
Nene: Really? Why not?
Shuuji: Got something I need to take care of. What happened with the girl who visited yesterday?
Nene: Oh, don't worry about that. We'll take care of that on our own.
Nene: More importantly, if you don't mind sharing, I'll gladly help you with whatever's troubling you.
Shuuji: Oh, well...
================================================================================
Shuuji: *yaaawn*
*Koshiji-san and I spent three hours at a karaoke bar after parting with Togakushi-senpai.*
*Ostensibly, I was there too, but Koshiji-san hogged the mic to herself. I just sat there, watching her sing the whole time.*
*She sang a wide variety of songs, from your typical broken heart songs to rock, until her throat went dry. When we parted, she seemed incredibly content.*
*In contrast, I was exhausted from listening to her sing for hours straight. And since everything was on me, my wallet was just as exhausted.*
*After getting home, I cleaned up a little, and then handled the rest of the usual house chores this morning.*
*Which now brings me to...*
Shuuji: So sleepy...
Meguru: Ah, Senpaaai, helloha!
Shuuji: Morning, Inaba-san.
Meguru: You look kinda sleepy. What's the matter?
Shuuji: Well, yesterday was a pretty busy day... *yawn*
Shuuji: How'd it go at the club? Anything special happen while I was gone?
Meguru: No, not really. We solved that one girl's problem.
Meguru: Apart from that, I tried making Tsumugi-senpai a little more girly again. This time, I tried putting on some light makeup. 
Shuuji: Yeah? How'd that go?
Meguru: Lipstick was okay, but she hit her limit while I was applying eye shadow...
Shuuji: I see... So makeup didn't work, huh? Man, that's rough... How's she handling skin care and all that?
Meguru: She said she has no issues with that. I mean, even guys use lotions like toner and stuff these days, right?
Shuuji: I've heard about some guys doing that, but I don't personally know anyone who does.
Meguru: You better be careful. Once you notice your skin going bad, it's already too late. You need to take care of your skin now while you're still young.
Shuuji: Yeah, I get that. It just seems like such a pain to keep up with.
Meguru: Oh right. Get this, Senpai! I'm going out with some girls from my class to eat cake soon!
Shuuji: Wow, that's great.
Meguru: I'm really thankful to you and Nene-senpai. Thank you so much for everything you've done for me.
Shuuji: Don't thank me. You were the one who put in the effort to make those friends.
Shuuji: But still, I'm really glad that... Hm?
Meguru: What is it?
Shuuji: Check out these posters.
Meguru: What posters? Oh! It looks like they're announcing the Student Council elections. When did they put these up?
Shuuji: Well... They weren't there yesterday after school, so it must have been this morning.
*That's pretty sudden.*
*I mean, I understand why they're in a hurry with how late they're running, but still―*
Meguru: Looks like they got someone to run.
Meguru: Koshiji Miho from class 2-C, apparently.
Shuuji: Really? Koshiji-san?
Meguru: That's the girl Togakushi-senpai wanted, right? Think she convinced her somehow?
Shuuji: Err... No, it probably wasn't that.
*She decided to run on her own... I'm sure of it.*
Koshiji: That's what I decided, yeah. I made that poster and put them up this morning.
*I decide to spend lunch break getting the details from Koshiji-san. She seems pretty nonchalant about the whole thing.*
Shuuji: Must've been pretty hard to do on such short notice.
Koshiji: Not really. I already had the poster design ready.
Shuuji: Oh, yeah?
Koshiji: I've been thinking about it for a while now. I mean, it looked like President Togakushi was really in trouble, so maybe it was wrong for me to be so self-centered.
Shuuji: And yesterday was the final push you needed?
Koshiji: I thought it through last night after karaoke.
Koshiji: She has such high hopes for me, and it sounds like I'm the only one who can make her dream come true... So I figured, why not?
Shuuji: What dream?
Koshiji: Oh, whoops. That's a secret between me and her.
Shuuji: Yeah? Oh well.
Shuuji: So, can I take it that you've managed to find the closure you were looking for?
Koshiji: I guess. It wouldn't do any good holding onto my love for her forever. I need to move on and find a new love.
*Koshiji-san smiles brightly.*
*It's a smile not unlike the one she showed me at the Schwarze Katze, but this time, it's absent of pain.*
*Instead, her smile is accompanied by a fresh and pleasant fruity aroma.*
Shuuji: You look a lot more hopeful today. You were positively downcast a couple days ago.
Koshiji: Quiet, you. That's ancient history. Besides, the same thing goes for you too.
Koshiji: I mean, look at you, trying to help everyone now.
Shuuji: Yeah, can't argue that.
Koshiji: Anyway, that's how it is. Make sure you vote for me.
Shuuji: Will do.
*With the way this has turned out, there's nothing to worry about anymore.*
*Koshiji-san walks away with firm, confident steps.*
*I guess all that's left to do is tell Ayachi-san and then retrieve her―*
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Shiiba-san? What brings you here?
Tsumugi: We played rock-paper-scissors to determine who buys everyone's drinks, and... I lost.
Tsumugi: Anyway, who was that? She's not from our class, is she?
Shuuji: Koshiji-san. Have you seen the posters posted all over the hallway?
Tsumugi: The election posters, you mean? Oh, right. She's the one running for election!
Tsumugi: Then, she's the girl Togakushi-senpai mentioned?
Shuuji: That's right.
Tsumugi: Oh, that's great! I was a little worried about how that would turn out.
Tsumugi: I've been wondering if there was something else we could do, but it looks like we don't need to worry anymore.
Shuuji: Yeah, I think things will work out just fine from now on.
Shuuji: You're so kind, though. You just transferred and you're already that worried about our school?
Tsumugi: I'm not that kind...
Tsumugi: But, well, it would bug me if things ended poorly without us, since we already helped out.
*I can relate to that.*
Tsumugi: So, that Koshiji-san girl... She seemed really happy.
Shuuji: I guess... What of it?
Tsumugi: Oh, nothing... She didn't want to run before, so I was just wondering what made her change her mind.
Tsumugi: She didn't look reluctant, from what I could tell. Do you know anything about that?
Shuuji: Hm, no idea. I guess she had a change of heart?
Shuuji: She looked pretty happy, so I'm sure it was a change for the better. I don't think we need to worry about it.
Tsumugi: ...Yeah. You're right. It must've been a positive change.
Shuuji: ......
Tsumugi: Well then, let's head back to class!
Shuuji: What about the drinks you came here for?
Tsumugi: Oh, that's right! They would've been so mad if I forgot!
Shuuji: Here, I'll help you carry them.
Tsumugi: Thanks!
Koshiji: Well, things are about to get real busy for me. But I made my decision; I'm not about to back out now.
Koshiji: Let's do this!
*Ayachi-san and I watch Koshiji-san from around a corner.*
*She pumps herself up and pins a notice up on one of the school's bulletin boards.*
Shuuji: ...So, how's it look?
Nene: The bottle's reacting.
Shuuji: Think you can retrieve some fragments, then?
Nene: Yes. It's a very strong response, so I'm sure we'll be able to retrieve a lot of fragments.
*The bottle in question shines brightly in Ayachi-san's hand.*
================================================================================
*A couple weeks have now passed since Shiiba-san officially joined the OC.*
*The Student Council election has come and gone already.*
*In the end, Koshiji-san was the only candidate. She seamlessly took over as Student Council president after the approval vote.*
*And as a result, Togakushi-senpai was able to retire without worry.*
*Nothing has really changed on our side of things. We've been doing fortune telling, resolving people's problems, and retrieving fragments like usual.*
*It hasn't exactly been easy so far. There have been several cases that have left us stumped, no matter how hard we thought.*
*And, sometimes, things have ended up differently than what our clients had hoped for.*
*Still, most of our clients walk away happy they visited us. That always puts a smile on my face to see.*
*And as the hole in my heart closes through the experiences, fragments have been returning to Ayachi-san's bottle.*
*At first, I was worried if I could return any fragments at all, but now returning them all is looking like a real possibility.*
Nene: This card symbolizes kindness. It means that if you act calmly and with kindness in your heart, the situation will play out positively for you.
Student: So, how does that translate to my situation?
Nene: Let's see... I think you should start out by calmly listening to everything your friend has to say.
Student: I should hear them out... Alright, got it. Thank you, Ayachi-san.
Student: I'll try to follow your advice.
Nene: Okay. Please stop by if you ever need help again.
*The girl leaves the clubroom looking satisfied.*
Shuuji: You did great.
Nene: Thank you.
Meguru: You know, way more people are stopping by for fortune telling than consultations lately.
Nene: Yeah, that's true.
Tsumugi: Do you get these stretches of no consultations often?
Nene: Yeah, we do. A lot of people don't have any serious issues; they just want a push on the back.
Tsumugi: Oh, yeah. You're right. I bet that a lot of the time, they've already made up their mind and just want some encouragement.
Shuuji: This is probably a good thing, considering the time of the year.
Nene: Yeah, midterms are coming up soon. A lot of students probably want to focus on studying, even if they have other things to worry about.
Shuuji: I gotta study up myself.
Meguru: Wow, Senpai, you take your studying pretty seriously, huh?
Shuuji: Well, I didn't have anything else to do other than studying before joining the OC.
Tsumugi: You must have pretty good grades then.
Shuuji: Nothing worth bragging about. I'm just above average, I'd say.
Meguru: ...Tch. I always figured you were a slacker who intentionally bombed your tests to get the easier retakes.
Shuuji: Wow. How rude.
Tsumugi: Are your grades good, Meguru-chan?
Meguru: ...Please don't ask. I don't want to think about it.
Tsumugi: That reaction tells me everything. You really need to study more.
Meguru: Ugh...
Shuuji: All club activities will be put on a mandatory break starting next week as midterms near. You should have plenty of time to study. 
Meguru: I wouldn't be having this problem in the first place if all I needed was time to study.
Shuuji: I know where you're coming from, but you're only hurting yourself by not studying.
Meguru: Stop it! You're making way too much sense! I don't wanna hear it!
Tsumugi: Ahaha, you can't keep making excuses for yourself.
*Inaba-san shakes her head with her hands covering her ears.*
*And Shiiba-san attempts to pacify her.*
*The two of them seem to be fitting in great here.*
Koshiji: Excuse me.
Shuuji: Huh, Koshiji-san?
Koshiji: Hi there. Long time no see.
Shuuji: Oh, yeah, it's been a while. Thanks for back then. And congrats on becoming president.
Koshiji: Ahh... Yeah. I was hoping to forget that, so thanks a lot for bringing it up again. But really, thank you for your help back then.
Shuuji: Oh, well, umm... I'm sorry. And you're welcome.
*...I really put my foot in her mouth with that one.*
*I may be able to sense other people's feelings, but that doesn't stop me from screwing up like this. I just don't have enough experience talking to people.*
*What Hisashima-sensei told me is really hitting home right now...*
Shuuji: So, what brings you here today?
Koshiji: Well, I came to give my greetings as the new president, and to also discuss something with you.
Shuuji: Discuss what?
Koshiji: Umm, Ayachi-san is the club president here, right?
Nene: Yes. I'm the Occult Club president, Ayachi Nene.
Koshiji: And I'm the new Student Council president Koshiji Miho. It's a pleasure to meet you.
Nene: The pleasure is all mine. So, what do you wish to discuss?
Koshiji: Oh, well, about that... There is someone who wants to talk to you before me.
Koshiji: President! Come on, hurry up and come in!
Shuuji: "President"?
Touko: H-Hello there...
Nene: Togakushi-senpai? What's the matter?
Touko: Well, umm...
Touko: I'm so sorry!
Shuuji: Huh?
Nene: Why are you apologizing to us?
Touko: The thing is, umm... This is about the issue with the club I talked to you about before.
Meguru: What do you mean?
Shuuji: For a while, Ayachi-san was the only member in the OC. The problem was that you need at least three members to be recognized by the school as a club. 
Shuuji: The Student Council was willing to look the other way for a little bit, but still said that if Ayachi-san didn't find any additional members, she would have to vacate the room.
Tsumugi: Oh, really? But now we have me, you, and Meguru-chan, which makes four members, right?
Meguru: And we all actively participate, even. Shouldn't that have settled the issue?
Touko: Yeah. It... certainly should have. Or at least, that's what I thought...
Touko: I'm really sorry.
Nene: Umm, can you to explain why you're apologizing now?
Touko: Okay, so... You know how I told you that if you found enough members, you'd be able to keep using the room?
Shuuji: Yes... I do remember you saying that.
Touko: ......
Shuuji: U-Umm...
Nene: So then, do you mean...?
Touko: I'm sorry! I'm so sorry! It turns out that having the members alone isn't enough!
Nene: So, you're saying that we still have to vacate our clubroom?
Touko: ...Yeah. That's how things are headed.
Meguru, Tsumugi: Whaaaat?!
Shuuji: What you're saying is that even though we have enough members, it's not clear that we're engaging in proper club activities?
Koshiji: Yeah. At first, like President Togakushi said... No, I guess it's just Togakushi-senpai now.
Koshiji: Anyway, like she said, it was fine if you just had enough members. It was actually our plan to not get in your way as long as you got enough members.
Koshiji: But then the school asked about what your club actually does, and whether you have accomplished anything noteworthy.
Touko: Probably the other clubs who want your room have been complaining...
Touko: I'm really sorry. I'll do anything to apologize.
*This isn't happening like Togakushi-senpai said it would, but it's not like she lied to us or anything. It's just that the school administration always has to have their say.*
Touko: Oh! I know I just said "anything," but that doesn't include anything dirty...
Shuuji: Why say that to me?!
Touko: Well, you've been staring at me for a while now... Was I wrong?
Meguru: Senpai... You're grossing me out.
Koshiji: Hoshina-kun... Time to head to the rooftop for a little "talk."
Shuuji: You're freaking me out a little, Koshiji-san.
Shuuji: Look, my thoughts were perfectly pure, okay?
Meguru: What WERE you thinking about, then?
Shuuji: Basically, I was wondering if everything would be okay if we had something to show for our efforts.
Koshiji: Okay, I'll let you off the hook...
Touko: Yup. You're right about that. It's not like the school is trying to shut down the OC.
Shuuji: So we still have a chance to turn this around.
Nene: This is happening at a bad time, though.
Tsumugi: What do you mean?
Nene: The cultural festival already happened in spring. And it's not like we can participate in any competitions or sports leagues...
Meguru: Yeah, I've never heard of a competition for Occult Clubs.
*I can't even imagine what that would look like.*
Shuuji: And I take it you didn't do anything for the cultural festival...
Nene: ...I'm sorry.
Shuuji: Oh, no, sorry. I wasn't blaming you or anything.
Tsumugi: But we'll be in deep doo-doo if we don't come up with something, right? I don't want to lose our clubroom...
Koshiji: Don't worry; it'll be okay. We came up with a plan for you.
Koshiji: And by "we," I mean Togakushi-senpai.
Touko: I'm the one responsible for things turning out this way, so I figured helping is the least I could do.
Tsumugi: So, what's your plan?
Touko: You know how the midterms are coming up?
Tsumugi: I do, but... Will our grades count as some kind of achievement for the OC? 
Touko: No, of course not. However...
Touko: This is probably something you, a transfer student, and Inaba-san, a first-year, don't know yet, but after the fall midterms comes a school party.
Meguru: A party?
Touko: Yup. A Halloween party.
Shuuji: Oh, right. There was one last year too, now that you mention it. Is there one every year?
Touko: Yeah, that's right. I don't know when it started, but it's been held for generations now.
Nene: Do you think we should do fortune telling there?
Touko: Well, that would work too, but I dunno if it would be enough. So―
Koshiji: Senpai, let me take it from here. This is supposed to be a request from the Student Council, after all.
Touko: Oh, right. Sorry, this is your job. Ahaha, I guess I haven't quite shaken that habit yet. 
Koshiji: No, don't worry about it. When I see you playful like that, I just... Ehehe...
Shuuji: Koshiji-san, careful. You're letting your true self show.
Koshiji: *cough* I haven't fully moved on from my feelings for her, I guess. *cough*
Koshiji: Anyway, we have a request for you. We would like to ask you to handle the planning, preparation and such for the Halloween party. Basically, would you like to organize it?
Nene: Umm... I'm sorry, but why are you suddenly asking us to organize the party?
Touko: What better club to throw a Halloween party than the Occult Club?
Touko: Besides, your club is also about helping students. Using that experience to organize the party would make for the perfect showcase of your club activities.
Shuuji: Is that really gonna fly? Won't changing things up to let us handle everything make some people upset?
Koshiji: You'll be fine. Remember how late the election was? Okay, I know that was my fault, but that's beside the point.
Koshiji: The transition has been really hectic because of that, we have a few new members to train, and, most importantly, we need to study for the midterms.
Koshiji: We just don't have the time or manpower organize a party, leaving us in quite the pickle.
Shuuji: I see.
Koshiji: I won't let anyone complain if you agree to do this. If they do anyway, I'll deal with them myself. I owe you that much.
Shuuji: I wouldn't say you owe me... Thanks though. I appreciate it.
Meguru: You owe him? For what?
Koshiji: Hm? Oh, umm... That's a private matter. Don't worry about it.
Meguru: Okay. If you say so.
Koshiji: So, anyway, I'm sorry things have turned out differently than promised... Think you can accept this compromise?
Koshiji: If you can pull off this party without a hitch, I promise that we, the Student Council, will make sure you can keep your clubroom.
Nene: Thank you, Koshiji-san, Togakushi-senpai.
Nene: If the Student Council is struggling here, we'll be happy to help out. But, our clubroom aside, I'm concerned about how badly failure would reflect on us.
Nene: After all, this party will involve many more students than us...
*It's a little over a week until the midterms.*
*Then there's the week the midterms are held, and another week after that before the test results are released. The party is scheduled to be held the following weekend.*
*That gives us about three weeks total, but we still need to study for our tests too. That really doesn't leave us with much time for this.*
Koshiji: I totally get why you're worried about that. It would look bad for us too, considering we're leaving the task to students with no experience in this.
Touko: And this is where I come into play.
Shuuji: Ah, right. Teachers aside, no one at our school knows more about this stuff than you.
Touko: Yup, you know it. I haven't just come here to apologize. I want to help, too.
Touko: I have over two years of Student Council experience. You can count on me!
Nene: Are you sure? Even after you've retired from the Student Council?
Touko: This whole problem happened because I couldn't keep my promise with you, so please don't worry about me.
Touko: So, with all that said, I'm Togakushi Touko, your new member starting today. I look forward to working together.
Nene: ...Thank you, Togakushi-senpai.
Koshiji: Just know that we're only giving you this opportunity once. It's up to you to make sure this doesn't happen again. 
Nene: Okay, understood. We won't let this happen again.
Koshiji: Well then, good luck, Senpai.
Touko: Thanks!
Koshiji: Alright, I'll take my leave now.
*Relieved, Koshiji-san exits the clubroom.*
Tsumugi: This is quite the mess, huh?
Meguru: It's not all that bad, is it? I mean, we get to throw a party... Sounds fun!
Tsumugi: That does seem fun, but... what do you even do at a Halloween party?
Shuuji: Don't ask me. I have no idea.
Meguru: Huh? How come?
Tsumugi: Didn't you have one last year?
Shuuji: Participation is optional. I sat it out.
Tsumugi: Oh, that must've happened during your soulless husk period, huh?
*I have to say, Shiiba-san has gotten real good at accidentally roasting my ass.*
Meguru: Yeah, I mean, this is you we're talking about. I can totally see you avoiding parties like that.
*While Inaba-san has gotten good at doing it on purpose.*
*But she's right, so I can't really argue back.*
Nene: Umm, I also didn't go last year, so I have no idea either.
Meguru: Yeah, I mean, this is you we're talking about. I can totally see you causing a commotion if you went to a party. I'd avoid them too.
Shuuji: What's with the different reactions?!
Touko: Like Hoshina-kun said, participation is optional. The party is always held after the fall midterms.
Touko: We have the cultural festival in spring and the sports festival right before summer break, which doesn't leave much for fall. That's why the yearly Halloween party was started.
Meguru: Umm, we don't have any events in winter either, though.
Touko: Apparently a Christmas Eve party was considered, but not enough students were interested.
Tsumugi: Oh, really?
Meguru: I suppose most people would want to spend Christmas Eve with their significant other, huh?
Meguru: You and your boyfriend, walking side by side. A cold wind blows. "It's so cold," you say. Your boyfriend takes your hand and brings it into his coat pocket. You look up at him, when you notice snow falling all around you...
Tsumugi: Oh, wow! That sounds so romantic! I love it!
Meguru: It does, doesn't it?! So, like, having fun at a party isn't bad, but Christmas is something you want to spend alone with your significant other.
Tsumugi: Haaahh~~ I would love to do that some day~~
Shuuji: I get where you're coming from, but you know there are plenty of single people out there too, right?
*Wait, does everyone have a boyfriend or girlfriend? Is that really normal? I'm about to cry here, if so.*
Touko: A lot of people felt too embarrassed to participate, since everyone would assume you're just there looking for a date.
Touko: And the party would be kinda simple since it's student-run.
Touko: People started saying they'd rather go out for karaoke and have fun by themselves. In the end, they decided to let everyone do their own thing.
Meguru: I see. Well, there's plenty of other stuff to do in winter anyway, like winter break and New Year's.
Touko: I guess that's part, yeah... Wait, what were we talking about again?
Shuuji: About the Halloween party. What's that usually like?
Touko: Ah, right. Back on topic, attending is optional. Some simple food and drinks are expected to be provided.
Touko: The party's program changes each year. Some years have no activities planned, though it does help to have something to liven things up... Bingo is something simple you could do.
Shuuji: Wouldn't you need winnable prizes for that?
Touko: The Student Council has set aside a budget for the event. Stay within that when choosing prizes, and you'll be just fine. You just have to plan the party well.
Shuuji: Okay, so we'll need... food and drinks, maybe some kind of game to liven things up, and also someone to run it.
Touko: Oh, and it's important to note that there's no dress code.
Meguru: You mean you can wear your normal clothes there?
Touko: Wear your normal clothes, wear your uniform or wear whatever; it's all good. Oh, but going naked is not all good. You can't wear anything too wild.
Tsumugi: Does that mean that Halloween costumes are okay too?
Touko: Yup. A lot of students wear them to the party! Oh, but the teachers will get mad if you wear your costume on the way there and back.
Touko: Some people put a whole lot of effort into their costumes. That's all up to the party goers, though, so that's nothing you need to worry about. 
Nene: I suppose what we do need to worry about are the things Hoshina-kun mentioned. And maybe working with the teachers?
Touko: There's also buying decorations and placing them in the gym. Oh, and don't worry about getting permission for the gym; I already handled that when I was president.
Meguru: This sounds like so much fun! There will even be costumes... Oh, is it okay for us organizers to enjoy the party too?
Touko: Of course. You'll have some work to do on the day of as well, but the Student Council will help you with that.
Shuuji: ......
*If we're organizing this, then I guess I have to attend.*
*Parties tend to have a jumble of different emotions, which can be nauseating...*
*Oh well. That's just how it is. Besides, if everyone else is going, then I want to go too.*
Meguru: Senpai, there's no backing out this time.
Shuuji: I was literally just thinking about how I want to go.
Meguru: Halloween, huh? Man, I'm so looking forward to this!
Tsumugi: Preparing everything sounds like it'll be fun too, not just the party.
Touko: Oh, you're into it? Awesome! Let's give this our all!
Meguru, Tsumugi: Yeah!
Touko: Oh yeah. There's something I forgot to mention. There is a condition for going to the party.
Shuuji: There is?
Nene: Huh? Can't any Himematsu student attend?
Touko: Nope, not quite. There are actually some students who aren't allowed to go.
Meguru: What?! How can you say that after hyping me up so much?!
Tsumugi: What's the condition?
Touko: Well, you shouldn't worry about it too much, since barely anyone gets excluded.
Touko: Just don't fail any of your midterms and you're good.
Shuuji: Oh, is that all? Just don't fail?
Touko: Yup. That's all.
Nene: If that's the only condition, then I don't see anything to worry about.
*College prep tests are one thing, but for midterms and finals, all you need to do is review what you've learned in class and you're set.*
*I doubt any student who made it into this school will have a problem.*
Meguru, Tsumugi: ......
*Wait, why do they look so depressed?!*
Touko: H-Hey... You two are looking kinda down. Don't tell me you...?
Meguru: Umm, do you think that maybe the party organizers could be exempt from that...?
Touko: Nope. Sorry.
Tsumugi: But do you need to pass ALL your tests? It's not like a three-strikes system?
Touko: One strike and you're out. Sorry.
Meguru, Tsumugi: I see...
Touko: Do those reactions mean...?
Nene: Umm... Shiiba-san, no offense, but didn't you take an entrance exam when transferring to this school?
Tsumugi: Well, yeah, I did! But this school moves faster than my last one. And the entrance exam only covered material from before summer break.
Tsumugi: There was already a gap between where my classes were at in my old school and this one when I transferred in... I'm trying to catch up, though! I'm just not there yet...
Shuuji: So, what's your excuse, Inaba-san?
Meguru: I-It's not easy maintaining friendships for a young girl like me, okay?!
Meguru: Cuz, you know, I have to go out and eat cake, buy new clothes... and maybe farm some mats in MonHun...
Shuuji: So what you're saying is that you've just been playing around all year.
Meguru: Yeah, basically. I'm sorry...
Shuuji: *sigh*
Nene: Mind if I ask what your worst subjects are?
Meguru: English, Math, Modern Japanese, Classical Japanese, Chemistry, Biology, Social Studies and Japanese History.
Shuuji: That's every subject!
Meguru: I know! I know!
Tsumugi: Oh, it's not that bad in my case. For me it's Math and Chemistry, because it's hard to follow current lessons in those when you've missed the old.
Meguru: You stinking traitor!
Shuuji: Umm... Truth be told, I'm pretty crap at Classical Japanese.
Nene: Is it bad enough that you'd fail the test?
Shuuji: I don't think so... But I haven't ever scored more than a 70 so far.
Nene: Oh, I see.
Nene: ...Even ignoring the party, this is a bad situation.
Meguru, Tsumugi: I'm sorry.
Shuuji: Yeah, sorry about that.
Nene: You should have said something sooner... Alright. If you don't mind, allow me to tutor you. 
Meguru: For real, Nene-senpai?!
Tsumugi: ...Sorry for the hassle.
Nene: There's no need to apologize... This is what friends are for.
Meguru: Nene-senpai! Thank you so much!
Nene: Mmrph! I... I can't breathe, Inaba-san.
Shuuji: I can also help with anything that's not Classical Japanese. It'll work as a solid review, anyway.
Tsumugi: Thank you, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: I'm not nearly as smart as Ayachi-san though, so I dunno how helpful I'll be.
*Let's be real; I can't afford to slack off either. Though, I doubt I'll fail any of the tests as long as I handle things like usual.*
Touko: Alrighty! I'll help you all out too.
Shuuji: Huh? You will?
Touko: Hey, what's with that reaction? I'm offended. I get pretty good grades, you know?
Shuuji: I know. I wasn't surprised because of that.
Nene: Shouldn't you be studying, yourself?
Shuuji: Exactly. That's what I was getting at.
Touko: I'll be fine! By this point in the year, normal lessons have ended for third years and we just focus on shoring up our weaknesses. Entrance exams aren't much different from the prep tests.
Meguru: I see... Studying for such a broad test seems pretty hard.
Touko: You bet it is. We need to study everything instead of specific topics, so it'll be good for me to review some of the first and second year material.
Touko: Besides, this is to help with the party! I would love to help out.
Nene: If that's how it is, then I'd love to take you up on your offer.
Touko: Yeah, alright!
Meguru: Thank you.
Nene: Okay. Let's work hard to make sure we can all attend the party. 
Touko: Feel free to ask me about anything you don't understand...
*I guess I'm not really needed if we have these two.*
*Well, that makes it easier on me, so I won't complain.*
Shuuji: So, what do we do now?
Shuuji: We don't have to start the actual preparations for the party yet, but we should at least have a simple schedule down.
Nene: You're right. Togakushi-senpai, how long do the preparations usually take?
Touko: Hmm, let's see... For food, we have a catering service provide simple finger food like sandwiches and maki sushi. That just takes a phone call, so it won't take much time.
Touko: For drinks, we'll need to go out and buy enough bottled drinks for everyone ourselves, but that's easy. You'd even be fine if you waited until the day of the party.
Touko: And we can buy the decorations while we're out buying the drinks, so that shouldn't take more than a day with enough people.
Touko: What involves the most work is decorating the gym, and we can't even start with that until after the midterms because of how many people we'll need.
Touko: But we're getting the Student Council to help with that. So coming up with the party's entertainment will be the hardest part. As well as the negotiations to make it happen.
*Ooh... She really does know what she's doing.*
*I know that's a little rude of me, but she always comes across as so relaxed and nonchalant. She really has it together, though...*
Nene: Then... we can leave all of the actual preparations until after the exams?
Touko: Yeah, but it's a good idea to get a shopping list ready beforehand. You don't want to forget anything.
Nene: Thank you. Your advice has been really helpful.
Nene: Well then... This week we will come up with a program for the party.
Meguru: Roger that.
Nene: But that job will only be for me, Hoshina-kun and Togakushi-senpai.
Meguru: Huh? Just you three?
Tsumugi: What will Meguru-chan and I be doing?
Nene: Studying, of course. For this week, you should try to get a feel for what your weakest subjects are.
Shuuji: Right. And then you can focus on those areas during the break from club activities next week.
Tsumugi: ...Okay. Then I guess I'll study by myself for now.
Tsumugi: I'm sorry I can't help out...
Nene: It's okay. Just do your best and make sure you can attend the party.
Tsumugi: Okay!
Meguru: But Hoshina-senpai said he might fail Classical Japanese, didn't he?
Shuuji: I only said I'm not good at it. Stop putting words in my mouth and worry about yourself.
Meguru: 'Kaaay...
Nene: Let's try to get the program settled by the end of the week. I want to prioritize ease of implementation over fanciness.
Touko: Right. That's for the best, sadly. It would be a lot worse if we failed our exams or botched the party because we were trying to make it extra special.
Shuuji: Sorry, Senpai, but can you put together the programs from the last two years for us?
Touko: Alrighty. I'll put together something you can look over tomorrow.
Shuuji: Sorry for the extra work.
Touko: Hey, it's the least I could do.
Nene: Alright, that should do it for now.
Touko: Say, can I add something?
Nene: Is there a problem?
Touko: Nah. I just have an idea. How about we meet up this weekend?
Nene: You mean... the whole club?
Touko: Yeah. For a study session. How about it?
Meguru: Oh, that sounds like fun!
Touko: This won't be for fun, okay?
Meguru: Yeah, I know...
Tsumugi: I know how she feels, though. This still sounds fun, like a club excursion or a sleepover with friends.
Nene: A study session... Yes, that might be a good idea.
Shuuji: Where should we do it? Club activities are suspended after Friday. The school won't even be accessible over the weekend, will it?
Meguru: Then how about a diner or something?
Touko: I think it'd be better if we went somewhere quiet where we could concentrate.
Tsumugi: So we need somewhere quiet with enough space for all of us...
*Where would be good? The town library?*
*That's a little far away, though. It'd be a hassle getting there.*
Meguru: Hey, how about your place, Nene-senpai? Would that work?
Nene: My place?
Meguru: I've been wanting to come over to your place! You can say so if we'd be a bother, though.
Nene: Of course you wouldn't be a bother... Alright, we can do it at my place.
Touko: Huh? You sure? Would your family be okay with it?
Nene: It's okay. I live by myself.
Tsumugi: Oh, you do? But there are five of us. Wouldn't it be a little cramped in a small one-person apartment?
Nene: Five people shouldn't be a problem. The apartment I'm renting is a little big.
Tsumugi: Oh. I see... Now I'm curious what your apartment is like after hearing that.
Touko: Then I suppose we will take you up on that offer and come over.
Meguru: Heck yeah! I finally get to see Nene-senpai's place!
*Ayachi-san's apartment? And she lives alone...*
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: Ah, Senpai, you've gone into your super-perv mode. You're totally thinking about something dirty.
Shuuji: Th-That's a completely baseless assumption! 
Meguru: What are you panicking for? Seriously, you're such a perv.
Meguru: Nene-senpai! This loser is planning on rummaging through your closet and stuff. You better not let him into your apartment.
Shuuji: Hey! Stop talking nonsense!
Shuuji: That sounds nice, but I'm way too big of a wimp to actually do it!
Meguru: Wow... You're just gonna come out and say that?
Touko: Mufufu. You're so honest, Hoshina-kun. I just love honest boys like you.
Tsumugi: Those two get along so well.
Shuuji: No, but really, please don't joke about that stuff.
Nene: So, I take it you're all coming?
Meguru: You bet!
Tsumugi: I'm already looking forward to it.
Touko: Thanks for letting us come.
Shuuji: By the way, umm... Do you not mind me coming too?
Shuuji: I'm obviously not about to do what Inaba-san mentioned, but I thought maybe you'd feel uncomfortable with a guy coming over.
Nene: No, not at all. Actually, umm, it would be a problem for me if you didn't come.
Shuuji: Huh? Really? What do you mean...?
Nene: Well, I'll be spending most of the day with everyone, so it'd be bad if... you-know-what happened without you there to help.
*Oh... That's what she meant.*
*Well, my weekend just got a lot more interesting.*
================================================================================
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: I couldn't sleep...
*I couldn't stop thinking about how I'll be visiting Ayachi-san's apartment today.*
*I'm just going for a boring group study session, so why am I so nervous?*
Shuuji: ...Come to think of it, should I bring a little gift?
*I mean, it's just a study session and Ayachi-san is living on her own, so maybe that'd be going overboard.*
*But maybe it wouldn't hurt to bring some snacks everyone can nosh on.*
*Maybe I should buy some on the way there?*
Taichi: Oh? You're up pretty early for a Saturday.
Shuuji: Yeah, I guess.
Taichi: You've been waking up early lately whenever you have plans. What is it today?
Shuuji: I'm going to a study session for the upcoming midterms.
Taichi: Is that some kind of school thing? Or are you going to a study session with your friends?
Shuuji: With my friends... Why?
Taichi: How great! You're so much more sociable these days. You're making your dad proud.
Taichi: Feel free to invite your friends here any time. I'd love to see them at least once.
Shuuji: Yeah, sure. When I get the chance...
*...Though, it'd probably just be Kaidou if I do.*
*I just know he'd freak out if I brought the girls over...*
Nene: Good morning.
Meguru: Good morning.
Tsumugi: Morning.
Touko: Good morning, Ayachi-san!
Shuuji: Morning.
Nene: Everyone's here? Let's get going then.
Meguru: I can't wait to see your apartment! I wonder what it's like.
Tsumugi: She lives by herself, so I'm sure it's not anything special.
Nene: It's just your standard one-bedroom apartment.
Tsumugi: Oh, yeah? As a girl, I'm sure it's nice having a separate bedroom.
*It now makes a lot more sense why she's comfortable inviting a guy like me over.*
Shuuji: ......
Touko: Mufufu... Is the young man disappointed to hear that?
Shuuji: Not at all...
Touko: Really? You looked a little disappointed to me.
Shuuji: If anything, I'm relieved. I'll feel less nervous this way.
Touko: Oh, you can be honest with me. I won't tell anyone. Come on, come on!
Shuuji: Huh?! Ahh! Wh-What are you doing, Senpai?!
*Togakushi-senpai pokes my cheek a couple times.*
*Th-They're close! Super close! They're almost touching me!*
*Maybe if I used my elbow... I could write it off as an accident? Wait, that's a bad idea, isn't it? What am I thinking?!*
Shuuji: I wasn't thinking anything like that! I mean it!
Touko: Really?
Shuuji: Really. I mean, being a healthy young man, I do think those things from time to time... But I'm a chicken, okay?!
Touko: You really are honest, huh?
Shuuji: Besides, we're having a study session today. Don't say give me any weird ideas.
Shuuji: Come on, Senpai. We're gonna get left behind.
Touko: Yeah, yeah.
*Togakushi-senpai finally pulls away from me with a coquettish smile on her face.*
*She's so different from the other girls... I never know what to expect from her.*
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun, we're gonna leave you behind!
Shuuji: I'm coming.
Tsumugi, Touko, Shuuji: Oooh!
Meguru: This place is friggin' huge! How the heck is this a "standard" one-bedroom apartment?!
Shuuji: I mean, technically it IS a one-bedroom apartment...
Shuuji: But, man...
*The living room alone looks to be around 30 square meters.*
*This one room is bigger than most entire one-bedroom apartments.*
*Does she really have this entire freaking place to herself?*
Nene: Please have a seat wherever.
Meguru: Ah, okay. Will do...
Tsumugi: It's hard to settle down in a room this big.
Touko: My, oh my... I'm surprised as well.
Nene: ...Is that so?
*Ayachi-san tilts her head in puzzlement.*
*...Is her family rich or something?*
*Now I'm more nervous about the difference in our living standards than the fact that I'm visiting a girl's home.*
Tsumugi: Your apartment is very tidy. I thought it'd be a little messier since you're living alone. 
Nene: I made sure to clean up in advance, since I knew you were coming over. It's usually a little messier.
Meguru: Let me guess; you stuffed everything into your bedroom closet? Kinda like you see in manga.
Nene: In a way. There are some places I may not have cleaned up as much.
Nene: So with that in mind, I would like to you not to go digging around.
Meguru: Hearing that makes me wanna search your apartment a little. Like, maybe that drawer over there...
Nene: ―――
Meguru: J-Just kidding! Just a little joke, haha...
*Inaba-san gave in right away to Ayachi-san's ominous stare.*
*I feel you, Inaba-san. Ayachi-san can be scary as hell.*
Shuuji: Did you seriously just try to pull the same stunt you warned me not to do?
Meguru: It's not the same when a guy does it. There is a big difference.
Touko: You can't. We've come here today to study. Don't let yourself get sidetracked.
Meguru: 'Kaaay...
Tsumugi: Okay, should we get right into it, then?
Nene: Please use the desk over there. I'm going to prepare tea for us.
Shuuji: I'll help you.
Nene: You don't have to. I can do that alone. Please just sit down.
Shuuji: Yeah?
*Well, I guess I'd only get in the way if I tried to help her in a kitchen I've never set foot in before.*
Shuuji: Okay, then take this. I've brought some snacks.
Nene: Oh, thank you.
*I guess I'll leave that to her and get to studying.*
Nene: Memorizing these parts is your only option. Try solving these problems, and if you get them wrong, reexamine and solve them again.
Nene: Repeating that process is the best way to study this, in my opinion. You can learn a lot by solving the same problems every day.
Meguru: Still, there's so much to memorize...
Nene: Then... try focusing on memorizing everything from here to here first. It'll be easier to remember the rest once you have the basics down.
Meguru: Ugh... Roger that...
*Despite her complaints, Inaba-san is studying diligently.*
*Ayachi-san is not only teaching her the subject matter, but also advising her on the best ways to study in general.*
*In Shiiba-san's case, the problem is that she missed some lessons in the middle, so she doesn't need constant attention.*
*Togakushi-senpai is answering her questions every now and then but is otherwise focusing on her own studies.*
*I don't need anyone looking over my shoulder either. As long as I have my textbooks, I don't have a problem figuring everything out.*
*...The only exception being Classical Japanese.*
Shuuji: Hmm... I just don't get it...
*Basically, I just need properly memorize the auxiliary verbs and vocabulary... But for some reason, I just can't seem to keep them in my head when it comes to Classical Japanese.*
*Do I just hate it too much to concentrate on it?*
Shuuji: If the test's scope wasn't clear, I would never be able to pass it...
*Even with tests with a clear scope, I just barely scrape by with scores just above 50.*
*But that's good enough for me. I'm sure I can pull off that kind of score this time too.*
Shuuji: ...Maybe there's no need to try any harder.
*......*
================================================================================
*The following week flew by.*
*All extracurricular activities were put on hold for the week before midterms.*
*The clubrooms were locked down, and they even took Ayachi-san's key away just in case.*
*Because of that, we gathered in the library after school every day to continue studying.*
*The typically empty library really fills up and comes to life during these test periods.*
*Well, it gets as lively as a library full of quiet, studying students can get.*
*The OC studied away quietly and diligently as well.*
*Ayachi-san and Togakushi-senpai gave us pointers on anything we didn't understand, helping us shore up our weak points.*
*After going through that process day in and day out, I grew quite confident that I would pass the midterms.*
Shuuji: ......
*That should do.*
*In the stiflingly silent classroom, I stop my pen and place it on my desk.*
*I have just finished the last test of the week, Classical Japanese.*
*It's my worst subject, but thanks to all the studying, I was able to put down my pen with confidence.*
*That's not to say I aced the test; I'll probably get around 70 points. Still, that's a lot better than I'm used to.*
*And it's all thanks to everyone's help.*
Kanae: Okay, put down your pens. The test is over. Everyone pass up your answer sheets.
Shuuji: It's finally over.
Hideaki: Man, am I exhausted.
Shuuji: How'd you do?
Hideaki: Well... Okay, I guess. I doubt I failed anything, but I didn't do great either. So, pretty average, I guess?
Hideaki: What about you?
Shuuji: About the same as usual... Or maybe a little better.
Kanae: Alright, these are all the tests.
Kanae: With that, midterms are officially over. Good work, everyone. We'll be finished grading the tests by the start of next week at the latest.
Kanae: As you should be aware, you'll have to retake any tests you fail, otherwise you'll have to repeat a year.
Kanae: Oh, right, you also won't be able to attend the Halloween party that is taking place the weekend after next. So be aware of that.
Kanae: Well then, that is all.
*Hisashima-sensei leaves the classroom with the stack of answer sheets in her hands.*
*Finally released from its state of tension, the classroom breaks into a commotion.*
Hideaki: Alright, how about we take advantage of this half-day and hit the town?
Shuuji: I got my club, sorry.
Hideaki: Even today? Sounds rough.
Shuuji: You know the Halloween party Hisashima-sensei just mentioned? The OC is in charge of organizing it.
Hideaki: Man, your club always seems like a real pain in the ass.
Shuuji: Yeah, it is a lot of work, but... this kind of behind-the-scenes work is actually pretty fun.
Hideaki: Hmm... If you say so. Maybe I'll go this year.
Shuuji: You sat it out last year like me, right?
Hideaki: Yeah. I thought about going, but I had something else going on.
Hideaki: I've got no plans this year though. And you're going too since you're organizing the thing, right?
Shuuji: Yeah. I'll be busy working though.
Hideaki: Alright, I've decided. I'm going! Don't disappoint me!
Shuuji: We'll try not to.
Shuuji: Oh, right. Hey, Kariya?
Wakana: ―――?!
*She tenses up and then bolts out of the classroom, pretending not to hear me.*
Shuuji: Hey, wait!
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun, what about the club? Togakushi-senpai said we have some important business today.
Shuuji: Sorry, but could you tell them I'll be late?
Tsumugi: Will this take long?
Shuuji: Maybe, yeah.
Tsumugi: Okay then. We'll go on ahead without you.
Tsumugi: Ayachi-san, let's go.
Nene: Alright. See you later, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Yeah, later.
Shuuji: Crap. Kaidou, we gotta go after Kariya.
Hideaki: Huh? What for?
Shuuji: Kariya, wait up!
Wakana: ......
Shuuji: Have you thought about it?
Wakana: ...Umm, are you serious?
Shuuji: Of course I am, though I'm not gonna force you or anything. Do you hate the idea that much?
Shuuji: Just think of it like a private party. There's no pressure.
Wakana: You make it sound so easy... Ugghh...
Hideaki: What are you talking about?
Shuuji: Remember how Kariya has been playing the guitar?
Hideaki: Yeah. What about it?
Shuuji: She's been practicing for years now but hasn't actually played in front of anyone yet.
Shuuji: So I asked her if she'd perform on stage at the upcoming Halloween party.
Hideaki: Oh, that'd be awesome! I'll be there too. You gotta let me hear you play!
Wakana: No! It's too embarrassing!
Hideaki: But you've been at it for a while now, right? Don't you want someone to hear you play?
Wakana: Well... I guess I do.
Hideaki: He's not being super pushy about it, but you still won't refuse him outright... Doesn't that mean you're actually interested?
Hideaki: You actually want to do it, don't you? You're just a little hesitant.
Wakana: Well, umm...
Hideaki: Come on, admit it. Just tell us how you feel.
Wakana: ......
Wakana: Honestly, yeah, I do think that a little...
Hideaki: I don't see the problem, then. This'll be like playing at a cultural festival. You just casually strum out a few notes and that's it.
Hideaki: Like Shuuji said, think of it like a private party. It's not like you'll be judged by a panel. Just go up there, forget all the little things, and enjoy yourself.
Wakana: Ugh, when you put it that way...
Hideaki: See! You do want to do it, right? Don't you want to give it a shot?
Hideaki: You just got a brand new guitar. Isn't the perfect chance to really put it to use?
Wakana: ......
Hideaki: If you let this chance slip, you may never get another. Don't you want to give it a shot at least once?
Wakana: Ugh, mmhhhh...
*Kaidou has quite the silver tongue. I can sense Kariya's feelings change little by little.*
*This guy could make a living as a salesman.*
Hideaki: Just once. One song. Just do it!
Wakana: But it's a party, right? I don't think a solo guitar performance would cut it.
Wakana: It would lack impact at such a festive event.
Hideaki: Maybe. A solo performance might not be a good fit for a loud party.
Wakana: Right? Besides, it'd be my first time playing in front an audience, so I'd be nervous by myself...
Shuuji: I see...
*This is too bad... Personally, I would've loved to hear her play, and I was positive it would get the crowd fired up.*
Hideaki: Then don't perform alone. Why not form a band?
Wakana: What? That's a stupid idea. Where am I supposed to get other members from? They'd have to be from our school to get in, and I haven't even practiced with a band before.
Hideaki: What's the problem? You got me, and you got Shuuji. Looks like a three piece band to me.
Wakana: Hey Kaidou... Are you serious right now?
Shuuji: You clearly need to think that through more. The two of us are complete amateurs. Or are you telling me that you can play an instrument?
Hideaki: I sure can. Drums.
Wakana, Shuuji: What?
Hideaki: Like I said, I can play drums.
Shuuji: Kaidou, my dude... You know that tambourines don't count as drums, right?
Hideaki: I know.
Wakana: Neither do castanets.
Hideaki: Stop treating me like an idiot.
Shuuji: But wait, what? You know how to play drums? For real?
Hideaki: I formed a band with some friends of mine to pick up some girls. I was the drummer.
Shuuji: Oh yeah... You did mention how you had a period where you were into music. You even had a band?
Hideaki: Is it really that surprising? I figured most guys had joined a band at least once in their lives to pick up chicks.
Wakana: Huh? You really aren't kidding? You're seriously good enough to perform in front of an audience?
Hideaki: Sure. Ah, sorry, I shouldn't put it like that. I'm a little rusty since I haven't played in a while.
Hideaki: Though, we did play at our school's festival. We even played at a few clubs in the city, you know?
Wakana: Seriously?!
Hideaki: Yes, seriously. The reason I didn't go to the Halloween party last year was because my band had a gig that day.
Hideaki: Though, the venue was a ghost town, so I was probably better off going to the party instead.
*Kaidou gives us a lighthearted smile.*
*Needless to say, I don't taste any lies at all and there's no hint of him embellishing things.*
Hideaki: Man, you have no idea how hard it is to draw in good numbers. And girls will only flock to you if you're popular.
Hideaki: Performing at a club really isn't all that special. Some of the bands we saw sucked real bad, and they were the most popular ones for some reason. I just don't get it.
Hideaki: And even worse, nobody cares about the drummer! You have to sit still in the back where nobody can even see you show off! It's just sad!
Hideaki: In the end, we all worked our asses off and got nothing in return. Everyone lost motivation, and we disbanded before summer.
Shuuji: Wow... You were a lot more serious than I would've expected.
Hideaki: I guess. No experience is ever a waste, as they say. We practiced hard so we could get popular, you know?
Hideaki: We formed the band at my old school, so... I guess that means I played with them for around three years.
Wakana: I... I can't believe it.
Shuuji: That's a pretty long time...
Hideaki: I'm not as good as I'm making it sound, though. I'm just an above-average amateur. I mean, our live performances were a mess. Ahaha, that takes me back.
Hideaki: We disbanded right when I was starting to hit my stride, I thought. So I'm not a master drummer or anything, but I'm not bad.
Wakana: I never would have expected this...
Hideaki: Shuuji, you must've joined a band too at some point to get popular, right?
Shuuji: Uh, no. I've never really cared about being popular.
Hideaki: Huh? Wait, then... you can't play any instrument? None at all?
Shuuji: I mean, I guess recorder, or the triangle...
Wakana: What are you, a grade schooler?!
Hideaki: Oh, so you can't play anything? What a loser.
Shuuji: Well gee, sorry for that.
Hideaki: But don't you worry. The party isn't till next Saturday; you still got time.
Shuuji: ...Huh? What are you saying?
Hideaki: Instruments are complex and hard to master, but getting started is surprisingly straightforward. I'm sure it'll work out somehow.
Hideaki: Though, I can't say it'll be easy.
Shuuji: Wait, wait... You said we'd be a three piece band, so you're telling me to learn the bass guitar?
Hideaki: You learned the basics of guitars in music class, right? It'll work out if you put in the effort. Probably.
Shuuji: Hold on! You're being a little bit too casual about this!
Hideaki: Besides, what did you just say? It's a private party. There'll be no pressure.
Shuuji: Kh... You got me there.
Hideaki: Oh, what's this? You like to dish out the demands, but can't go through with them yourself? You're just all talk, huh?
Shuuji: Tch!
*This asshole's really getting on my nerves...*
Hideaki: Aren't you the one who asked Wakana-chan to do it? And she's saying she will, as long as she doesn't have to do it alone.
Wakana: Uh, no, I haven't said that.
Hideaki: Huh? You don't want to form a band with us?
Wakana: It's not that I don't want to... But Hoshina hasn't given his okay yet.
Hideaki: So it's like I said. If Shuuji says yes, you're on board too.
Hideaki: Come on, Shuuji, it all depends on you now. If you're a man, you gotta take responsibility for what you said.
Wakana: H-Huh? I feel like you kinda twisted my words there... Err, well, umm... Yeah.
Shuuji: ......
*Kariya falls silent and directs her gaze towards me.*
*How did everything end up depending on my reply?*
*Kaidou is so much worse than a salesman. He's a like shady talent scout.*
Hideaki: Besides, don't you want to liven up the party? That's why you asked Wakana-chan in the first place, isn't it?
Shuuji: Yeah, but...
Hideaki: Then you should take responsibility and do your part, now that it all comes down to you.
Shuuji: ......
*Well, I get where he's coming from.*
*I can't leave everything to everyone else.*
*The two of them realize that what they're asking is no small task.*
*Which means they'd understand if I say no. I can sense that Kaidou is egging me on partly as a joke.*
Hideaki: Come on, just do it!
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: You better help me learn how to play the bass. I am NOT learning how to play that thing on my own, okay?
Hideaki: Of course. We don't have the time for that, anyway. The only thing we can do is commit to a song, and then just rehearse it until we get it down.
Hideaki: Well then, you cool with this, Wakana-chan?
Wakana: Are you sure about this, Hoshina?
Shuuji: Kaidou is right. I do want to liven up the party, and I also need to take responsibility for what I said. So yeah, I'll do it.
Wakana: But don't you think having to learn the bass in a week is a kinda crazy?
Shuuji: Yeah... it is.
Shuuji: But I can't back down now! And also... Sorry if I fail miserably!
Hideaki: If you do, we'll bear that shame together! Though, I'm sure everyone would just have a laugh and that'd be it. That's how parties are.
Wakana: ...Then I'm in. I'm on board too.
Hideaki: Hell yeah! We're doing this! Let's have some fun!
*I know I just agreed to this on the spur of the moment, but this really isn't gonna be easy.*
*But I made my decision, so I'm doing this! There's no time for whining; I just gotta push forward!*
Hideaki: Just so you know, you're not allowed to rest until you make the impossible possible here, okay?
Shuuji: Yeah, I figured.
Shuuji: At least give me a few moments for me to go to the OC and let them know what's up.
*I part with Kaidou and Kariya, and head for the clubroom.*
Shuuji: Man, that took longer than I thought.
*I hope Togakushi-senpai isn't upset.*
*I wonder what that important business she mentioned is?*
*Did we run into some kind of major problem with the party?*
Shuuji: That certainly wouldn't be good. I'd have to give up on the band, if so.
Shuuji: I really don't want to call it off now after talking such a big game...
*How would I explain that to Kariya?*
*I'm probably getting ahead of myself here.*
Shuuji: I still don't know if there's a problem or not.
*I should just stop worrying and find out what this is all about.*
*I reach for the clubroom door but stop upon hearing some boisterous voices from the other side.*
Touko: Mufufu. Young girls have such smooth skin.
Nene: Ah! S-Senpai, don't touch me there!
Tsumugi: Hey, aren't you only one year older, yourself?
Touko: That one year makes a pretty big difference.
Meguru: I think you're pretty too, Togakushi-senpai. I really admire you... Ah! Nene-senpai, stay still.
Nene: O-Okay.
*...What's going on? What are they doing in there?*
Shuuji: Sorry for being so l...ate?!
Meguru: ...Huh?
Nene: ―――!
Touko: Huh? Ah, h-hey, Hoshina-kun?!
Tsumugi: Waaaahhhhh?!
*I open the door and find myself in a beautiful new world.*
*Amazing! This is downright amazing, and in more ways than one!*
*But, wait, what the heck is happening here?!*
*I mean, I seem to remember encountering a very similar sight not too long ago...*
*There was just one girl that time.*
*Today there's four. And there's way more skin exposed than last time! But doesn't that mean I'm in way more danger here?!*
*This is... bad! Like, really, really bad!*
*I'm assaulted by a mixture of embarrassment and anger from each one of them at once.*
Tsumugi: Again?! It's happening again?!
Nene: Wha... Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wha!
Meguru: Stop stariiiing!
Shuuji: ?!?!?!
*Wham! Something slams into my face.*
*Some kind of soft material strikes me right above the eye―in the eyelid!*
*And now my vision has gone all white?!*
Shuuji: Ouch! What was that?! I can't see anything!
Meguru: You don't have to see anything!
Tsumugi: Just close the door!
Nene: Hurry and get out, please!
Shuuji: O-Okay! I'm sorry!
*With my vision still flickering, I take a few steps backwards, fumble for the doorknob and close the door.*
*I was so stunned, I wasn't even able to pull off any comical stunts like closing the door with me still in the room.*
Shuuji: Ah... I can finally see again.
*In front of my eyes is the firmly shut door to the clubroom.*
*But the image I just witnessed is still vivid in my mind, as if the door is still wide open.*
*I never thought I'd get to see Shiiba-san in her underwear again.*
*Except it wasn't just her this time. I feel guilty for thinking this, but man... I'm one lucky guy.*
*But still...*
Shuuji: I'm scared of what awaits me... Will they forgive me if I apologize...?
*...Huh?*
*There's something on the ground.*
*Is this what Inaba-san threw at me?*
Shuuji: ...A tape measure?
Touko: We were taking body measurements.
Shuuji: What for?
Nene: For the Fashion Design Club that Togakushi-senpai is having make our costumes.
Shuuji: Ahh, of course.
Touko: The club president said she needed the measurements by today... Which is why I asked you all to come.
Touko: When I heard that you'd be late, I figured us girls could take our measurements first...
Tsumugi: This is exactly why I said we didn't need to strip to our underwear!
Touko: Well, they're going through the effort of making costumes just for us, so I wanted to make the measurements as exact as possible.
Nene: Still, though... What happened can never be undone.
Tsumugi: Ugh, wah... You saw me... You saw me unclothed again...
Nene: This time he saw me in my underwear... My underwear...
Nene: Wait... Huh? That's not nearly as bad as last time, is it...? Still, that doesn't make it okay for him to see me like that...
Shuuji: ...I'm really sorry.
Touko: Not locking the door was our mistake... I forgot.
Meguru: This is why I said taking measurements over our clothes would do... When clothing stores measure you, they always do it over a T-shirt.
Shuuji: No, it's simply my fault.
Meguru: That's right. Whatever the actual reason is, it's always the guy's fault when he sees a half-naked girl. Geez.
Shuuji: I agree, but, umm, I want you to know that it wasn't on purpose.
Meguru: It being an accident doesn't excuse you.
Shuuji: You're right. I'm sorry.
Touko: Okay, okay. Let's calm down. This is kinda my fault too for not explaining things beforehand, so let's leave it at this, okay?
Meguru: Uuugh... Okay, but you have to forget what you just saw, Senpai!
*I'll try. I really will. But I'm not sure it's possible for me to forget such an incredible sight.*
Meguru: I mean it! You absolutely have to forget everything, okay?!
Shuuji: I-I'll do what I can.
Meguru: Ugh...
*Inaba-san glares at me nastily.*
*And the looks from Ayachi-san and Shiiba-san don't feel much better.*
*I-It's about time I change the topic!*
Shuuji: By the way! There's something I need to discuss with you about my club activities coming up.
Nene: You want to discuss something?
Shuuji: Yeah. Would it be alright if I heavily reduced the amount of time I devote to the club?
Meguru: Why? Is something the matter?
Tsumugi: Wait... do you want to quit?
Shuuji: No, I'm not quitting.
Nene: Then what's the reason?
Shuuji: Umm... I figured I'd perform on stage at the party.
Touko: Huh? Really?
Meguru: Oh, really? What will you be doing?
Shuuji: Well... P-Playing in a band.
Meguru: A band?! You know how to play an instrument?!
Shuuji: Not really... I'm gonna learn how to play one before the party.
Tsumugi: You're only just now learning...? It's less than two weeks to the party, you know?
Shuuji: I'll manage somehow.
Meguru: ...You didn't have to go that far.
Shuuji: Anyway, because of all the practice I'll need, I don't think I'll be around very much.
Shuuji: I'll try to at least briefly show up every day, and I'll get involved again if any problems come up.
Shuuji: But otherwise... can I leave the rest in your hands?
Nene: That'd be just fine, don't worry. For the party preparations, we'll only have to worry about minor organizational stuff for a while.
Touko: Seeing you bring your passion to the stage makes me so proud!
Tsumugi: Yeah, I think that's great. And your practice is just another important step in preparing for the party.
Meguru: Playing in a band is pretty cool. Rock the party, Senpai!
Shuuji: O-Okay... I'll do what I can... I guess?
Meguru: Why do you sound so doubtful?
Shuuji: Because I don't want you to expect too much.
Nene: You shouldn't mind us.
Shuuji: Thanks. I'm sorry for leaving everything to you, Ayachi-san.
Nene: You're helping in a way I can't, so it's okay. Give it your best, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: I-I certainly will, but really, don't expect too much here.
Touko: Alrighty! I'll cover the hole left by your absence.
Shuuji: Please, I can't even begin to compare to you. You'll do way more than cover my absence.
Touko: I'm happy you think that highly of me. I'll have to work my butt off to live up to your expectations.
Shuuji: Okay, I'm heading off to practice now.
Touko: Wait, one more thing before you go♪
Shuuji: Yeah?
Touko: They're making a costume for you too, you know? That means it's time to take your measurements... Mufufu.
Shuuji: Um, sure, but... why are you grinning like that?
*Togakushi-senpai slowly approaches me with a twisted smile on her face.*
*I'm getting chills for some reason...*
Touko: Alright, it's measurement time~ Let's take off those clothes! From the waist-up, and... from the waist-down~
Shuuji: Now wait a second! There's no need to take my pants off too, is there?!
Meguru: Oh, there is. We need to make the measurements as exact as possible!
Meguru: I hope you don't think you're the only one who can get out of this.
Tsumugi: Ah, I'll... I'll help with that too.
Shuuji: Your face is beet red! You don't have to force yourself!
Tsumugi: I-I'm not forcing myself!
Shuuji: You're lying! You're totally lying!
Tsumugi: Well, you already saw me half-naked!
Shuuji: What're you being so pushy for?!
*I slowly back away, trying to find any avenue of escape, but...*
*Click. The distinctive click of a door being locked rings through the room.*
Nene: We mustn't forget to lock the door while taking measurements this time.
Shuuji: A-Ayachi-san?!
Tsumugi: What's so bad about you being the one seen for a change?
Shuuji: I feel like the circumstances are a little different here...
Touko: Oh, don't be so shy♪
Meguru: Seeenpai!
Tsumugi: Heh, hehehe!
Nene: Come on, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: ...N-No, stop it!
Shuuji: NOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooo!!!
Touko: Okay, time to measure the waist... Oh, you have a surprisingly nice body... Or are all young men like this?
Tsumugi: Wah, wah, waahh...
Nene: Hoshina-kun, you're pretty slender. But well-toned, as well...
Meguru: ...H-He's a guy, and yet he has such a curvy waist! Huh? Is it curvier than mine? Tch... Now I'm jealous. Argh...
Touko: Okaaay! Next comes the shoulders. Turn around.
Shuuji: Ugh... I was defiled. They defiled me...
*I readjust my uniform, as if hiding my body.*
*I can't believe they did that to me...*
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: ...I need to hurry and meet up with Kaidou.
*I put my shame behind me and begin my new life as a bassist.*
*And that life was about to get much more hectic than I ever could've imagined.*
Hideaki: Hey, bro! It's been a while.
Kaidou's Friend: 'Sup. It really has.
Hideaki: Sorry for dragging you all the way here.
Kaidou's Friend: It's cool. I ain't using it no more, anyway. Do what you want with it.
Hideaki: Thanks. So, about what I mentioned to you...
Kaidou's Friend: Ahh, yeah. I can do it today.
Hideaki: Okay, great. You can go hardcore on him. Make sure you hammer the basics in.
Shuuji: Thanks in advance.
Kaidou's Friend: You a complete amateur? Do you have any experience at all?
Shuuji: No. I just fiddled around with the guitar a little during music class.
Kaidou's Friend: Hmm, there's no time, so I guess we'll go with a guitar pick.
Kaidou's Friend: Alright, let's do this!
Kaidou's Friend: Keep one finger on each fret! Always keep your fingers closer to the upper fret wire when playing a fret!
Kaidou's Friend: Hey, you're never gonna make the right sound if you keep playing it like a normal guitar! The strings are too thick.
Kaidou's Friend: The upbeats, man. The upbeats! You need to pick at the metronome's upbeats!
Shuuji: *sigh* My fingers hurt...
Kaidou's Friend: 'Cuz the strings are thicker than a normal guitar's. Takes more strength.
Shuuji: My fingers are cramping up here.
Kaidou's Friend: Suck it up. You ain't even close to done yet.
Shuuji: I'll try.
Kaidou's Friend: You should focus on getting your fingering down first. Do some chromatic scale exercises and practice your sense of rhythm. I believe there are some phone apps for that.
Kaidou's Friend: And stretching your fingers is an exercise you can do anywhere. Point being, there are ways to practice with literally every minute of your free time if you really want to.
Shuuji: I'll do as much as I can. Thanks for everything today.
Kaidou's Friend: Yeah. Good luck, dude.
Hideaki: Man, sorry again for asking you to come on such short notice.
Kaidou's Friend: No problem. It was fun playing again after all that time. Let's meet up with all the members next time we have the chance.
Hideaki: Yeah! That'd be sweet!
Kaidou's Friend: I'll be free next Sunday.
Hideaki: Nah, I need to whip this guy's guitar skills into shape first. That party's coming up soon.
Hideaki: Actually, if you're free, help out with practice on Sunday too.
Kaidou's Friend: I dunno... Treat me to lunch and we have a deal.
Hideaki: I'll treat you to Saizeriya. Thanks.
Kaidou's Friend: That'll have to do. Alright, then. Deal.
Hideaki: I'll give you a call later.
Kaidou's Friend: You do that. See ya.
Hideaki: You heard that. Keep your Sunday free as well, alright?
Hideaki: Actually, don't stop practicing until the party.
Shuuji: Yeah, I know. Well then, I'm going straight home and reviewing everything I was taught today.
Hideaki: Gotcha. See you tomorrow.
*I head home and continue practicing.*
*My most important task right now is getting my fingers used to it.*
*So with just some simple finger movements, I practice my fingering.*
*The absolute basics of the basics, essentially.*
*And yet...*
Shuuji: Youch!
*My fingers are killing me from having to hold down those thick strings. It hurts like hell.*
Shuuji: *sigh* This takes a lot more finger strength than a normal guitar.
*After being used in a way it's never been used before, my left hand feels weak and numb.*
*Forget my lack of experience; I'll never get a good sound out of this thing while my fingers are this weak.*
*But regardless, I forget about the sound I'm making and keep practicing my left hand's finger movements.*
*I keep that up until late at night...*
Taichi: Knock it off with that racket, already!
*...Accompanied by the recurring chorus of my dad yelling.*
================================================================================
*Several more sleep-deprived days of intense practice have passed.*
*That Friday night was when my playing finally reached what I could consider a not good but passable level.*
*That was yesterday.*
*Which means today is the day of the party at last...*
Meguru: Ah, Hoshina-senpai! Helloha!
Shuuji: Ugh~~~
Meguru: Wh-What the... What's wrong? You look like a zombie.
Shuuji: My sleep deprivation and exhaustion levels are at their peak.
Meguru: Are you okay? Are you feeling sick at all?
Shuuji: I'm certainly not in peak condition here, but I should be okay. And it's still morning... I'll be back to normal by afternoon.
Meguru: If you say so...
Meguru: Did it pay off to skip club for practice?
Shuuji: Hm? Well... I guess? I'm still pretty unsure of myself, so don't get your hopes up.
Meguru: Huh. So, is that your guitar on your back?
Shuuji: It's not a guitar; it's a bass.
Meguru: Huh? Are guitar and bass different? Really?
Shuuji: ......
*Right... I can just tell that her next question will be "What do you need a bass guitar for?"*
*Hearing that would put a damper on all the effort I've made into learning this thing, so let's change the topic, shall we?*
Shuuji: Morning.
Tsumugi: Morning, Hoshina-kun.
Meguru: Helloha!
Tsumugi: Helloha, Meguru-chan.
*...The "helloha" is spreading?!*
Nene: Good morning, you two.
Tsumugi: The party is finally almost here. How have things gone on your end?
Shuuji: ...Don't ask. Doing so just adds more pressure.
Tsumugi: Oh, okay. Sorry!
*...I'm getting nervous.*
*Man... I'll end up literally paralyzed by nervousness at this rate.*
Shuuji: Anyway, let's get to work. Doing something should help me calm down.
Shuuji: You want me to carve some pumpkins and make jack-o'-lanterns?
Nene: Yes. I'd appreciate it.
Tsumugi: What about us? It might be tough for Hoshina-kun to handle that by himself. Should we help?
Nene: No, carving pumpkins is tough physical work, so the boys from the Student Council will be helping with that.
Meguru: Should we handle the decorations then?
Nene: Yes. Togakushi-senpai and Koshiji-san are out making purchases right now. We'll start decorating the gym once they come back.
Tsumugi: And in the afternoon we'll make the cookies and pudding?
Nene: Yes. That's the plan.
Meguru: Alright! We're in the home stretch! Let's get to it!
*......*
*All is quiet in our clubroom as several guys work at carving pumpkins.*
*To be honest, it's a little uncomfortable in here.*
*But at least I'm not sensing any bitterness or chilliness coming from the others.*
*On the contrary, I'm actually sensing that they're focused and earnest.*
*I guess that goes to show how much the Student Council wants to make the party a success.*
*It makes sense, considering this is the newly-elected council's first big event.*
*Thanks to their dedication, we're making very good progress. There are already around ten finished jack-o'-lanterns.*
*Fifteen are planned in all, but I'll be done with my share as soon as I finish carving my current pumpkin.*
Shuuji: Just gotta carve out the eyes and... done. Phew.
*Lookin' good. After getting used to it with the previous few, this last pumpkin is my best one yet.*
Shuuji: I'm all done. I'll go and take the pumpkin guts to the cooking room.
Student Council Member A: Oh, thanks.
*I gather up the leftover pumpkin guts*
*I then start making my way to the cooking room where the girls are.*
*It would be a waste to throw it all away, so they're going to use the guts to make some cookies and pudding.*
Shuuji: Cookies and pudding hand made by the girls, huh...?
*I know they're making them for everyone, but that doesn't change how much I'm looking forward to them.*
Touko: Ah, Hoshina-kun. How is everything going?
Shuuji: Just one more jack-o'-lantern left per person. Anyway, here are some more pumpkin guts.
Touko: Thank you.
Shuuji: How are things going on your side?
Touko: It's quite strenuous.
Shuuji: Do you need more people?
Touko: Nah. There are just a lot of batches we have to make. Throwing more people at the problem won't help.
Touko: You know, Inaba-san is actually pretty good at cooking. She's really impressive. She's quick and her food tastes great. The guests are gonna love it.
Shuuji: That sounds great. I'm expecting some great snacks from her now.
Touko: Oh right. Speaking of expectations, how are things looking on your end? For your band, I mean.
Shuuji: Ugh.
Touko: Hm? Is something wrong?
Shuuji: Yeah. The pressure is starting to get to me...
Touko: You're a boy, so stop talking like a wimp. I'm expecting you to look cool up there on stage! Mufufu.
Shuuji: You're just adding on even more pressure. Please stop.
Touko: If just my expectations are putting that much pressure on you, how are you gonna play in front of a crowd? Man up.
Shuuji: I get your point, but... I never go to events like these in the first place.
Shuuji: But now I suddenly have to perform on stage? My heart is pounding like crazy.
Shuuji: You don't get nervous when appearing before a crowd?
Touko: Hmm... I just got used to it after a while.
Touko: Oh, I know! How about this? Give yourself a reward if your performance is a success.
Shuuji: Reward myself?
Touko: Yup, that's right. Something like treating yourself to a fancy meal, for example.
Touko: After all, motivation is important.
Touko: Oh, I said "motivation," okay? Not "masturbation." A bad pun like that would be really unnecessary.
Shuuji: You're right. It WAS totally unnecessary!
*Why is she always like this? But I guess her bluntness on sexual topics is part of what makes her popular. Makes her come off as candid and approachable...*
*But doesn't she get embarrassed saying these things...?*
Shuuji: Anyway, I got what you were trying to say. It's technically a good idea, but...
*The problem is, I don't have any real hobbies or interests... I can't think of anything that would get me excited.*
Touko: Oh? That's quite the lackluster reaction. That won't work for you?
Shuuji: It was fine advice. I just can't think of anything that would motivate me.
Touko: Oh. Well, I'm sure it's hard to think of something on the spot.
Touko: Alrighty! New plan. If you kick butt up there on stage, I'll personally give you a reward.
Shuuji: You? To me?
Touko: Did that maybe get you a little too motivated? Mufufu.
Shuuji: I don't know if "motivated" is the right word...
Touko: I just hope you aren't expecting anything too much, or anything sexual. Anyway, do your best up there!
Touko: Alright, I should get back to work. You keep it up as well.
*Senpai returns to the cooking room with the pumpkin guts I handed her.*
Shuuji: A reward...
*If anything... that just made me even more nervous.*
Shuuji: Knock it off, Shuuji! You need to focus!
Meguru: Tadaaa! What do you think?
Meguru: Rawr! I'm gonna eat you up! Just kidding!
Shuuji: Ooh, that looks great on you.
Meguru: You think? I'm a little embarrassed... Ehehe.
Shuuji: Not just the looks. It really fits your cheerful personality.
Meguru: Thank you. Your costume looks good on you too.
Shuuji: Oh, I dunno about that. There's nothing special about it.
*My Halloween costume is a vampire costume.*
*It's basically just a super long cloak with my school uniform underneath.*
*And to think, the girls stripped and measured me, ogled me all over... It doesn't sit right with me.*
*What was the point of taking measurements for this kind of costume?*
*As for Inaba-san's costume... I guess she's a wolfgirl?*
*I have to say, there's not a lot of fabric there, but she seems pretty into it.*
Meguru: It's all good as long as it looks nice on you. 
Shuuji: I guess.
Meguru: Nene-senpai, you look great in your costume too.
Nene: Thank you. Though, I'm not used to wearing this kind of outfit, so I'm a little nervous.
Shuuji: Yeah?
*Doesn't her witch outfit make her a lot more nervous than this...?*
*I mean, her witch outfit is crazy revealing, to say the very least. What would happen if the guys at school knew she wore clothes like that?*
Nene: Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Er, it's nothing. I wasn't thinking anything weird at all. 
Nene: Are you sure?
Nene: Because I was pretty sure you were thinking "you wear even more revealing clothes all the time."
Shuuji: ...Ugh, the look you're giving me hurts. Please stop.
Nene: I know... Don't remind me about how I have to dress in such a ridiculous and embarrassing outfit...
Shuuji: Well, you look great in your current costume, at least. You shouldn't feel embarrassed by that.
Shuuji: What's it supposed to be, though?
Nene: I don't think it's supposed to be anything in particular. I think it's just a normal gothic dress. Gothic outfits are normal for Halloween.
Shuuji: Yeah? That's new to me. Good to know.
Nene: But... Does it really look okay? It doesn't look strange on me? Like... I didn't put it on the wrong way? It doesn't look awful on me?
Shuuji: I don't think you have anything to worry about. You look great.
Shuuji: I'm positive you'll draw a lot of attention in that, in a good way. You almost look too good in it. So don't worry.
Nene: Yeah? Thank you... very much.
Shuuji: You're welcome.
*Well, those two's costumes are solid, though that goes without saying.*
*They look so good that I'm a little worried that they'll scare off potential costume contest entrants.*
*Anyway, the main problem we have is...*
Tsumugi: Uuuh... I'm so sorry. You went through all the trouble of making this for me, but I...
Fashion Design Club: Oh, don't worry about it!
Tsumugi: The costume looks super cute. I wish I could wear it...
Fashion Design Club: I don't know what the problem is, but it's okay. We should have asked about your preferences beforehand. Sorry.
Tsumugi: Oh, no! This is entirely my fault.
*The outfit they made for Shiiba-san is the classic white and blue Alice in Wonderland costume.*
*Which is, of course, a very girly outfit.*
*And thus, the condition in her witch contract is triggered...*
*Basically, the expected outcome.*
Tsumugi: I guess... I just wanted to wear clothes like that too.
Tsumugi: I hoped against hope that it would somehow work out. That was probably too much to ask for, though...
Shuuji: There's nothing wrong with you wanting to join the fun with everyone else.
Touko: That's a bit of problem.
Shuuji: I think your costume is the real problem here.
Touko: Oh my. Why is that? Anything weird about it? Does it look bad on me?
Shuuji: In no way does it look bad. It looks great on you, actually.
Touko: Then what's the problem?
Shuuji: It looks TOO good on you.
*That outfit is a bit too explosive.*
*Her cleavage is just out there for everyone to see... Hot damn.*
*That's such a skimpy costume... Nothing is left to the imagination. She's literally oozing with natural sexiness.*
*I feel guilty just looking at it, yet I can't look her in the eye, either... Her outfit is making ME embarrassed.*
================================================================================
Meguru: Holy crap! Your singing was so beautiful, Nene-senpai! It swept me off my feet!
Nene: Thank you. I'm really not that great performing in front of a crowd though. I was off pitch because of my nervousness...
Meguru: No, you were great! You got the audience fired up like crazy!
Nene: I'm glad you think that way, but really, that's thanks to the whole band.
Tsumugi: Kaidou-kun, Kariya-san, and Hoshina-kun were all so amazing!
Wakana: Th-Thanks... It's kinda embarrassing to hear you say so.
Wakana: I mean, I made a lot of mistakes...
Touko: Sure, it's important to try to minimize mistakes, but your main goal was to fire up the party. I don't think you have anything to worry about there.
Shuuji: Thank you. I'll take your word for it and be happy about the praise.
*But anyway...*
Shuuji: *siiigh* It's finally over...
Meguru: Good work out there, Senpai.
Shuuji: Oh, thanks, Inaba-san. How'd you like it?
Meguru: You kinda sucked!
Shuuji: You don't pull any punches, do you?
*I say that, but Inaba-san's genuine smile tells me she's just kidding around like usual.*
*Besides, I can sense how pumped up she is.*
Meguru: It really was amazing, though! How do I put it... Your performance really got my heart racing! It was SO much fun!
Wakana: Thanks a lot for today, Hoshina, Kaidou. And you too, Ayachi-san.
Nene: Oh, no, I'm just happy to be of help.
Hideaki: You're more than welcome. I had a lot of fun too.
Shuuji: I should be thanking you, Kariya. Thanks for giving this your all despite how sudden it was.
Wakana: No, I needed to do this and I'm glad I did. I'll always look back on this fondly.
Shuuji: Yeah, me too.
Meguru: Wait a minute... Why are you talking like you won't perform anymore?
Meguru: I really would've liked to hear you play again.
Shuuji: That's flattering, but I couldn't possibly. I'm just not cut out for this kind of thing.
Hideaki: ...Small parties are great, because the bar is set so low.
Shuuji: I'm guessing performing at a club is a lot tougher?
Hideaki: Well... honestly, those with the most devoted fans win. Even if you really suck, you're set as long as have some followers.
Shuuji: That so?
Hideaki: Actually, it's not unusual to see bands who are even worse than we were.
Shuuji: Huh? There are bands THAT bad?
Hideaki: Sometimes, yeah. And it's also common to never draw a good crowd no matter how good you are.
Hideaki: So yeah, it's honestly not that unlikely for us to find some success if we tried playing at a club. Though, your share of the ticket revenue is depressingly low.
Shuuji: Well, I definitely have no plans to continue.
Meguru: What, seriously? I'd come to watch you play.
Shuuji: Again, I'm flattered, but I'd seriously die if I kept up the lifestyle I had the last couple weeks. My left hand is killing me, and I haven't slept well in ages.
Shuuji: I also wouldn't be able to attend the club if I were to keep practicing.
Meguru: ...You sure take the club pretty seriously.
Shuuji: Of course.
*I mean, I need to return Ayachi-san's fragments.*
*Besides, it honestly feels good when people thank us after helping them.*
Shuuji: It was pretty nice to do something for a crowd, but it's just not my thing.
Shuuji: Helping people one by one like in the OC suits me better.
Meguru: Ah, yeah, I know what you mean.
Meguru: It's more fun when you're face to face with someone and can see their reactions. The same goes for when you're playing MonHun together!
Shuuji: Why do you always compare everything to... Well, I guess you have a point, actually.
Meguru: Oh, that's right. Did you hear about the new event?
Shuuji: Huh? No, I haven't.
*I was neck-deep in bass practice until now.*
*I did take some short breaks to take my mind off practice, but MonHun is too time-consuming, so I didn't touch it at all.*
Meguru: Let's run the quest together sometime.
Shuuji: Yeah, sure thing.
Meguru: Just leave it all to me. It's a monster that'd be tough for a spear user like you, so I'll help you out whenever you want!
Shuuji: Really? I'd appreciate it!
Shuuji: Though, aren't you going a little out of the way for me?
Meguru: Huh?! Oh, well, you see... Um... I was completely useless, right?
Meguru: I just sat around being tutored during midterms, and I didn't do anything special for the party like you...
Shuuji: I don't think that's true.
Meguru: At the end of the day, I'm only good at games... That doesn't make me very helpful, though.
Shuuji: Don't be so hard on yourself. I heard you did an awesome job baking the pudding and cookies.
Meguru: Anyone could do that.
Shuuji: Come to think of it, I haven't tried those yet.
*I was blocking everything but the performance from my mind, so I've only had a soda so far.*
Shuuji: Are there still some left?
Meguru: Yeah, there's some over here. Only the cookies, though... Wanna try one?
Shuuji: You bet. Now that my mind is off the performance, I'm pretty hungry.
Meguru: Okay... Here you go. They're nothing special, though. Just some perfectly ordinary pumpkin cookies.
Shuuji: Let's see.
*I gobble up the cookie she offered me.*
Shuuji: Oh, this is good.
*It's crunchy, and the mix of savory butter and flavorful pumpkin is perfect. It's not too bland, but not too sweet either. *
*I guess you could call it... a gentle taste?*
Shuuji: Did you really make these yourself? You didn't actually buy them somewhere?
Meguru: Yeah, I made them myself.
Shuuji: Wow, color me impressed. That tasted amazing.
Meguru: ...You're just flattering me, aren't you?
Shuuji: I'm not. I really liked it. Can I have another?
Meguru: Of course you can...
Shuuji: Thanks... *munch* *munch*
Shuuji: Mmm, yeah, these really are good. I love 'em.
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: Hey... What's with that look?
Meguru: Well, it's suspicious how enthusiastic you are about them.
Shuuji: You're being too cynical. You should trust me more.
Shuuji: I'm obviously not lying. Just look at how many of the guests are eating these cookies.
Meguru: Yeah, I guess.
Shuuji: See? You really are helpful.
Shuuji: At the very least, I'm really happy I could grab a snack. I'm exhausted after that performance, so the sugar will help a lot.
Meguru: Y-You mean it? Th-Thank you.
Meguru: I-It's kinda embarrassing to be praised so lavishly... Oh, want some pudding too? I'll get you some. Hold put!
Shuuji: Ah, wait―
*Inaba-san storms off in the direction of the pudding without waiting for my reply.*
Shuuji: I could've went myself...
*Oh well. This is fine too.*
*Exhaustion is hitting me hard now that all the tension is gone.*
*So I can't deny that I don't really want to move much right now.*
Shuuji: But man, those cookies really were great. I can't wait to try the pudding too.
Meguru: Here you go, Senpai. Hope I didn't keep you waiting.
*Inaba-san holds out some pudding to me with a smile.*
*I grab it and taste a spoonful of it.*
Shuuji: Oh yeah, this is great too. This is better than the stuff you can get in stores.
Shuuji: I love it. I wouldn't mind you making it for me again sometime.
Meguru: Hehe...
Shuuji: You seem pleased.
Meguru: Huh? Oh, ahaha... I mean, who doesn't like being praised?
Shuuji: I'm being serious, by the way. Just trust me and be happy.
Meguru: ...Okay. I'll believe you.
Meguru: And i-if I feel like it... maybe I'll make more cookies for you sometime.
Shuuji: Ooh, I'll be looking forward to it.
Shuuji: Alright, then. We threw this party; now it's time to enjoy it.
Meguru: ...Yeah! Let's party!
================================================================================
Shuuji: Man... I'm pooped.
Tsumugi: Good work up there. Here, have a drink.
Shuuji: Thanks, Shiiba-san.
*I gulp down the drink she handed me all at once.*
*We were on stage for no more for ten minutes, but still...*
*With how nervous I was, I'm exhausted.*
*Especially now that I'm free of all that tension.*
Tsumugi: It was amazing! Your song got me so pumped up!
Shuuji: I'm happy to hear that, but I still screwed up a lot.
Tsumugi: That's fine; it's not like you're a pro. The crowd loved it, and that's all that matters! Who cares if you weren't perfect?
Shuuji: I guess, yeah.
Shuuji: But that's all thanks to Ayachi-san. I didn't do anything special out there.
Tsumugi: Oh, cut it out. A handful of mistakes or whatever doesn't matter one bit.
Tsumugi: Together with the band, you managed to really fire the audience up. You should just stop worrying and be happy with that.
Shuuji: ...You think so?
Tsumugi: I know so! At the very least I think your performance was praiseworthy.
Shuuji: Thanks a lot. I guess I should just loosen up a little and be happy.
Tsumugi: Ehehe.
*Despite how hard I'm being on myself, I'm still pleased with how this turned out.*
*Like Shiiba-san said, the audience loved it. And while I did screw up some, I followed through to the end.*
*I worked harder at this than I have at anything else in my life until now, so yeah, I'd say I'm satisfied with that outcome.*
Shuuji: At any rate, I'm glad the audience liked it.
Tsumugi: They totally did. To be honest, I thought you were really cool!
Shuuji: O-Oh... Thanks...
*That's the first time anyone's ever called me "cool."*
*And it's coming from a girl to boot. A very cute girl.*
*I know she probably didn't mean anything special by it, but... My heart just happened to skip a beat.*
Tsumugi: ...What's up? Is something wrong?
Shuuji: N-No. It's nothing.
*You know, looking at her again, Shiiba-san really is cute.*
*And I'm alone with that cute girl in the dark school courtyard.*
*...Oh god. I'm getting really flustered now that I've realized that.*
*However...*
*I don't sense that she's embarrassed or flustered at all, so it seems like she doesn't see me in any special way.*
Tsumugi: Really though, I would love to hear another song or two, if possible.
Shuuji: No thanks... My fingers would fall off.
*Just one song was enough to turn my left hand into a mess.*
*And I made a lot of mistakes during that song. Add any more songs on top of that and I'd die. Or at least my left hand would.*
Tsumugi: Ahaha. that's why I said if possible.
Tsumugi: You looked like you were having so much fun... I wish I could have fun doing things too. You know, like wearing a costume.
Shuuji: ......
Tsumugi: Oh, sorry! I didn't mean to kill the mood like that. I don't want to whine about that.
*If only we had a men's costume for her... But I guess she probably wouldn't enjoy wearing that.*
*Then what can we do?*
*A cute costume that Shiiba-san can wear... There's her witch outfit, but nobody can see her when she's in that...*
Shuuji: Oh, I know!
Tsumugi: Huh? What is it?
Shuuji: Gimme a sec, Shiiba-san. I'll be right back.
Tsumugi: Huh? Uh, okay. Will do.
Shuuji: I'm back.
Tsumugi: Hi. So, what was that about?
Shuuji: Had to go look for something.
Tsumugi: For what?
Shuuji: Some costume accessories. You wanted in on the fun too, right?
Tsumugi: A costume? But... I can't wear girl's clothing.
Shuuji: I know, so could you transform into your witch outfit?
Tsumugi: Huh? Do you want me to retrieve fragments from someone?
Shuuji: No, not quite... Can you just do it real quick?
Tsumugi: Okay... I don't mind.
Tsumugi: Is that good?
Shuuji: Yeah, thanks.
Shuuji: Alright, now hold this. Next, can you take off your cloak? Perfect. Okay, now we do this, and this thingy goes on your head...
Shuuji: Hmm... I'm gonna change up your hair a little, okay? Please tell me if you start feeling sick.
Tsumugi: Okay. But what are you doing...?
Shuuji: You'll know soon enough. Okay, let's make the hair like this, and... Oh, it'd look good with this accessory...
Shuuji: Alright, it's done!
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun, what is this...?
Shuuji: Good question. A demon? A she-devil? Something like that.
*Shiiba-san now has cute little horns and is holding a toy trident.*
*They might not be a perfect match for her clothes, but, well... they fit close enough.*
Shuuji: Yup, looking good. How do you feel?
Tsumugi: I feel fine, currently... but...
Shuuji: I know you can't go to the party since no one else can see you right now, but still, it's your very own Halloween costume! At least, that was the idea... What do you think?
Tsumugi: ......
Shuuji: You don't like it?
Tsumugi: N-No, that's not it! I'm really happy!
Tsumugi: A she-devil co... costume, huh? Ehehe.
*Shiiba-san touches the horns on her head and loosens into a smile.*
*I wasn't expecting much since it's such a simple costume, but it seems like she loves it.*
Shuuji: I considered a vampire costume, but I figured the she-devil approach would fit your outfit better.
Tsumugi: Thanks. I thought I'd never wear a costume, so this makes me really happy.
Shuuji: I'm glad to hear that.
Tsumugi: Hey, so, does it really look good on me?
Shuuji: You look really cute. I mean it.
Tsumugi: Ehehe... That's a little embarrassing.
Shuuji: Oh, right.
*I suddenly remember about the slip I still have in my pocket.*
Shuuji: Shiiba-san, do you have a pen or something?
Tsumugi: Yeah, I do. Will a mechanical pencil do?
Shuuji: Yeah, sure.
*With Shiiba-san's mechanical pencil, I jot down onto the slip "Shiiba Tsumugi" as neatly as I can. *
*I then hand the pencil and slip over to her.*
Shuuji: Here.
Tsumugi: Huh? This slip is... the costume contest voting ballot?
Shuuji: I was too occupied with the band performance to vote before.
Shuuji: So, you know... I just figured I'd cast my vote for you and your she-devil costume.
Tsumugi: Uweh...
Tsumugi: Uweeeeh!
Shuuji: You aren't in the running, right? So voting for you officially would just come off as a prank.
Tsumugi: ......
*Shiiba-san stares at the paper I handed her.*
*She's not really reacting... I didn't gross her out, did I?*
Tsumugi: Haa! Haa! Haa!
Shuuji: Ouch, ouch, ouuuch!
*With the ballot still clutched in her hand, she repeatedly stabs me with her toy trident.*
Shuuji: Christ! That really hurts, Shiiba-san!
Tsumugi: Haa! Haa! Haa!
Shuuji: Hey! Calm down!
*She's clearly hearing me, but she continues stabbing away without pause.*
*Her face is red as a tomato, and she's desperately averting her eyes. I can also sense embarrassment coming from her.*
*Maybe she's... No, not maybe. She's definitely embarrassed, not grossed out.*
Tsumugi: Haah... Hoshina-kun, you're a real playboy, aren't you?
Shuuji: Huh? What?
Shuuji: You know how few friends I have, right? You've seen how I am; you're in my class.
Tsumugi: But that was the kind of thing... only a real player would do.
Shuuji: You've got the wrong impression.
Tsumugi: But... I mean...
Shuuji: I'm just more used to cheering people up after helping out at the OC for a while. That's all.
Tsumugi: Really?
Shuuji: Really.
Tsumugi: Not. Buying. It.
Shuuji: I didn't really do anything special, anyway.
Tsumugi: That's not true. It's not... It made me happy.
Shuuji: O-Oh...
Tsumugi: Thanks...
Shuuji: ......
*Wait. Wait a minute. What the hell did I just do?!*
*Oh my god! Oh my god! It's finally hitting me how embarrassing that was.*
Shuuji: I-I take it back! Forget everything! Give me back the ballot!
Tsumugi: What?! No way! You already gave it to me! It's mine now!
Shuuji: Don't be like that!
Tsumugi: I said no! You can't have it back. I will absolutely never give it back! Take this!
Shuuji: Ouch! Stop stabbing me, already!
Tsumugi: Ehehe!
================================================================================
Shuuji: You were great out there, Ayachi-san.
Nene: Thank you.
*She takes the drink I offer her and downs it all at once.*
Nene: Puah! Phew... I'm beat.
*Ayachi-san lets out a satisfied sigh.*
*And it's not just the sigh―her whole attitude gives off a sense of relief and satisfaction.*
Shuuji: Thank you so much for agreeing to sing for us on such short notice.
Shuuji: I really owe you one. The performance went great. Everyone loved it.
Nene: Oh, no, don't thank me. I'm one of the organizers, so you don't have to thank me.
Nene: It was just a part of my job.
Shuuji: That may be true, but it's all thanks to you that we were able to get the crowd so excited.
*I'm not kidding. Our performance was a huge success.*
*That said, my own performance was pretty miserable.*
*Ayachi-san's vocals were on point, though, and Kaidou and Kariya's playing stood out as well. The audience really got into it.*
Shuuji: Since this went so well, you could probably get some fragments from Kariya again, yeah? Probably not Kaidou though, since he's used to this.
Nene: Maybe, but... right now I'm seriously tired...
Shuuji: Yeah, let's take a breather first.
Shuuji: But seriously... You really are a good singer. Your voice is so beautiful and clear. You nearly had me captivated.
Nene: Th-That can't be... I got the lyrics wrong and sang off-key more than once. I simply covered my mistakes up so no one would notice.
Shuuji: Whether you made some mistakes or not, the audience loved it. Isn't that all that matters?
Nene: ...I suppose so.
Shuuji: Yeah. So like I said, it's all thanks to you.
*Ayachi-san puts her cup to her mouth as if to hide her embarrassment.*
*But since she already emptied it, she just looks at it in confusion.*
Shuuji: Want me to get you another one?
Nene: No, you don't have to. And really, you did great too.
Nene: Your steady rhythm made my job a lot easier.
Shuuji: Hearing that makes putting my left hand through hell just for tonight all worth it.
Nene: Are you not going to keep playing the bass?
Shuuji: Uh, probably not. That bass guitar isn't even mine. I only borrowed it.
Shuuji: Besides, I got the club to worry about. I really only did the whole band thing because it helped the club out too.
Nene: Oh, really...
Shuuji: What about you, Ayachi-san? Would you like to sing again?
Nene: I couldn't! I get nervous in front of crowds too. And I'm also worried about you-know-what happening, so I better not.
Shuuji: But you were fine today, weren't you?
Nene: Today I didn't have any other choice, but I don't want to do that kind of thing again.
Nene: Besides, like you, I really only did it for the club.
Shuuji: Yeah? Well, alright...
Nene: ......? Um, what is it? Is something the matter?
Shuuji: No, I simply thought what a waste that is. Personally, I'd love to hear you sing some more.
Nene: I don't ever want to do something that embarrassing again. Standing in front of a crowd in a flashy costume...
Nene: I made so many mistakes because of that. I'm not good enough to sing for an audience. I'm still thinking about how badly I messed up...
Nene: I would usually never do something like that. Just thinking about it, I'm... Aaaahh! How embarrassing...
Shuuji: ......
*I really do think her singing was excellent.*
*And considering how into it the crowd was, I'm sure I'm not alone in this sentiment.*
*She really does have a beautiful singing voice... I lied a little earlier. I wasn't just "nearly captivated," I was completely enraptured by her singing.*
*She stood on that radiant stage frozen stiff by the feverish excitement in the crowd, and yet she shone more brightly than anyone else.*
*I can still vividly recall every last detail of her performance.*
*I'm positive I'll never forget this day. How could I?*
*Not only was this my first time playing the bass on-stage, but Ayachi-san was just that incredible out there.*
Shuuji: I'm serious, though. I really liked it. Both your singing, and how you looked out there on-stage.
Nene: Th-Thank you, very much...
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Do you really regret singing for us?
Nene: Huh? No, umm... You're happy with the results, right?
Shuuji: Yeah. I have no regrets. I didn't play as well as I had hoped, but I'm still satisfied overall.
Nene: I feel satisfied too... I'm really happy.
Shuuji: Come to think of it... I felt a strong sense of determination from you when you agreed to fill in.
Shuuji: It felt like you had something driving you, something other than obligation or the desire to help... Or so it seemed to me.
Shuuji: So I've been wondering, why'd you agreed to sing for us?
Nene: ......
Shuuji: Oh, well, you don't have to answer that if you don't want.
Nene: I don't mind telling you. It's just a little embarrassing...
Shuuji: I-It's embarrassing?!
Nene: Don't react like that! It's not the kind of reason you think!
Shuuji: ...Oh, it's not?
Nene: Why do you look so disappointed...?
Shuuji: Er, I'm not really disappointed... What did you think I was thinking?
Nene: W-Well... Umm, th-that I'm an... exhibitionist, or something... 
Shuuji: ...An exhibitionist?
*Whoa. A cute girl like her saying that made my heart skip a beat.*
Nene: Geez, why did you make me say that?!
Shuuji: Hold on! I didn't make you say anything!
Nene: Hoshina-kun, you enjoy shaming and embarrassing me, don't you? You're so dirty.
Shuuji: Th-That is strictly false!
Nene: ...You're grinning. You look like a lecher right now.
Nene: You big meanie.
Shuuji: ......
*Holy crap. Ayachi-san is so cute when she sulks.*
*If I really am grinning, then it's probably because of how damn cute she is.*
Nene: Anyway, it's nothing weird like that. I helped out because of your left hand.
Shuuji: My left hand?
*My left hand ended up a really messed up state after practicing with every minute of free time I had.*
*But what about it?*
Nene: Yes, your left hand... You've practiced so much that it ended up like that. It would've been sad if all that effort went to waste. I didn't want to see that happen.
Nene: So I wanted to help you out in any way I could. I wanted to repay you at least a little bit.
Shuuji: Repay me? For what?
Nene: You've helped me out so much lately. I thought it was the least that I could do.
Shuuji: I don't think I've done anything that special for you.
Nene: But you have. So, if I was able to help you walk away from this happy, then I'm happy too.
*In the deserted school courtyard this quiet evening, Ayachi-san wears a smile meant for no one other than me.*
*The moment I lay eyes on it, my chest throbs with a resounding thump.*
*My chest is growing hot... It's getting painful, actually.*
*And I'm feeling a very strange sensation on top of that... What is this?*
*Hold on a second. I've felt this before. Unless I'm mistaken, this means...*
Shuuji: Ayachi-san, how are your fragments looking? Do you have the bottle with you?
Nene: Huh? Ah, yes, I do. What about it?
Shuuji: How many are there? Have some fragments returned to the bottle again?
Nene: Umm... Ah, yeah, they have. There are a little more now.
*So I was right. What I felt was the fragments returning to Ayachi-san's bottle.*
Nene: Was it because of the band performance?
Shuuji: I guess so...?
*I did screw up a lot, but I basically feel the same way as Ayachi-san.*
*My practice unquestionably paid off and bore fruit.*
*Until recently, I just lazed about day-to-day, but now I'm finding that actually doing something and being rewarded for your efforts feels great.*
*It's a feeling that doesn't come just from supporting and encouraging other people. I've never felt a sense of accomplishment like this before.*
*Which is great and all, but trying to return more through the band would be a grueling task.*
*Things would only get more difficult for me if I were to try to lead the band life.*
*And really, even if we were to go all-out with practice, there's no guarantee that all that effort would pay off and grant a sense of accomplishment.*
Shuuji: Anyway, I'm not gonna keep going with the band. I don't know how much more abuse my left hand can take. So yeah, I'm returning to the club next week.
Nene: You don't have to worry about us. Seeing how some fragments have returned, you must've enjoyed it some, right?
Shuuji: Yeah, true, it was fun... But at the end of the day, I like working behind the scenes more than in the spotlight.
Nene: Is that so?
Shuuji: I mean, yeah, I got a huge sense of accomplishment from this. Big enough to return some fragments. And... honestly, it was just fun to play on-stage.
Shuuji: However, I still can't stand it when so many people are looking at me. I was about ready to puke back there.
Nene: It didn't seem that way to me.
Shuuji: Maybe because it was my first time being on stage?
*The adrenalin probably helped a lot.*
*But I'm sure that with more experience, that would go away and I wouldn't be able to ignore everyone as much.*
Nene: Well, I think you looked very cool up there.
Shuuji: Oh, o-okay... Thanks...
*I know that she didn't mean anything special, that she was just giving her impression. The way she's looking at me makes that clear.*
*But still, hearing her call me cool that makes me kinda nervous.*
Shuuji: I'm flattered, but please don't say that. You almost make me want to join the band for real. But if I did... I know I would regret it in the long run.
Nene: What would the problem be? You were great out there.
Shuuji: ...You're doing this on purpose, aren't you?
Nene: It's payback for being such a meanie.
*I wasn't trying to be mean on purpose, though...*
Shuuji: But really, I'm quitting. I've had my fill of the band life.
Shuuji: I don't regret performing, but I'm not gonna play again unless I really have to for some reason.
Shuuji: I guess I feel the same as you, in that regard.
Nene: ......
Nene: Hehe... We really are similar in a way, like I said.
Shuuji: Wait, when did you say that?
Nene: Don't you remember? "I had this feeling that you're, in a way, similar to myself."
Shuuji: Ahhh... Right, now that you mention it...
*If I recall correctly, that was when she noticed and asked me about how I keep everyone at a distance.*
Nene: I meant what I said. We both harbor secrets we can't tell anyone about. I feel a certain affinity to you because of that.
Nene: But... lately, it's been a little different.
Shuuji: Because I've changed?
Nene: You think you've changed too?
Shuuji: A little, but I'm mainly asking because everyone else keeps telling me that.
Shuuji: Have I really changed that much?
*Sure, I've gotten a bit nosier and pushier, but I haven't undergone that big of a change, have I?*
Nene: Yes. You may not have noticed it yourself, but your smile has become so much more natural than it used to be.
Shuuji: Really?
Nene: Really.
*Apart from when I'm doing my hair, I try not to look at my ugly mug.*
*And seeing myself smile is especially gross.*
Shuuji: If I really have changed... then it's definitely thanks to the OC, and by extension, you.
Nene: No, that can't be. I haven't done anything for you.
Shuuji: Yes you have. The reason I started to seek change began with you.
Shuuji: And now today you pitched in and sang for us... And you also wished the pain away in my left hand before the party.
Nene: Huh? Ah...!
Nene: There you go making fun of me again.
Shuuji: I'm not. I'm really not trying to tease you. Is that how you think of me?
Nene: Well... You're always a big meanie to me.
Shuuji: No way. When did I ever do anything mean to you?
Nene: You always make me humiliate myself.
*Er, those are always accidents... I mean, she just blurts out whatever whenever she's embarrassed.*
Shuuji: I'm really not trying to bully you or anything. You made me feel a lot better and encouraged me to push on when you did that with my left hand.
Shuuji: So thank you, Ayachi-san.
Nene: Huh? Oh, um... Ah, yes. You're welcome...
Shuuji: Mhmm.
Nene: Come to think of it, it's been a while since we've talked alone.
Shuuji: Oh! Yeah, right. Though, those times didn't last long before Inaba-san joined.
Nene: It was so quiet when it was just me after summer break. But now suddenly we have four members out of nowhere. I can hardly believe it.
Shuuji: It may be only temporary, but we've got five now with Togakushi-senpai.
Nene: Oh, that's true.
Shuuji: It's gotten noisy, huh?
Nene: Maybe. But that kind of club is nice and fun too.
*Ayachi-san smiles, thinking back on the time we all spent together.*
Shuuji: ......
Nene: ...? Is something the matter?
Shuuji: Oh, no.
*Her smile was different from what I usually see from her... It was much more attractive, and for a moment I found myself captivated by it.*
Shuuji: If I have changed, then that goes for you as well.
Nene: Huh? It does?
Shuuji: Yeah. I mean, you never would've entered into the spotlight before like you did today, right?
Shuuji: Besides, your smile from a little bit ago was, umm... very nice.
Shuuji: Umm... It was really cu... cute.
Nene: ―――
Shuuji: Oh, uh, it's not like you aren't usually cute! I just meant you were even cuter than―
Nene: S-Stop saying stuff like that. You'll make me mad.
Shuuji: S-Sorry.
Nene: No, you don't have to apologize...
Nene: Besides, this party may have taken an unexpected turn, but... it was a lot of fun. Thank you.
Shuuji: Oh, er, umm, you're welcome. And thank you too.
Shuuji: ......
Nene: ......
Nene: I-I think it's about time we head back.
*Right, people might get the wrong idea about us if we disappear from the party for too long.*
*But my face is pretty damn red right now, so returning to the party would surely raise a few eyebrows.*
Shuuji: I think I'll stay for a little longer.
Shuuji: I'm still feeling kinda hot. Maybe the excitement from our song hasn't left me yet. Nothing like that for you?
Nene: Well, now that you mention it, I'm also a little hot...
Shuuji: Then... why not stay here with me for a bit longer?
Nene: Oh, yes. If you want to stay... then so will I.
*Beneath the night sky, Ayachi-san and I rest for a while longer next to each other.*
*Though, strangely enough, I don't cool down no matter long we stay like this.*
================================================================================
Shuuji: *sigh* It's finally over.
Nene: You did great.
Shuuji: Same to you. I thank you so much for filling in on such short notice.
Nene: Oh, no, I'm just glad to be of help.
Wakana: You really did help. Thanks, and sorry. This would never have happened if I hadn't caught a cold and gotten a sore throat...
Nene: Don't worry about it. It was a very interesting experience.
Hideaki: You were pretty amazing. You have a great voice.
Nene: Thank you very much.
Hideaki: Seriously, your voice is enchanting. So, what do you say? How about you and I top the charts together? We could do it with you.
Nene: Umm... I'm sorry. Standing in the spotlight isn't for me...
Hideaki: Yeah, figured as much. Your singing is so good though. It's such a waste.
Nene: I-I think that's enough praise. You're embarrassing me.
Shuuji: I'm just glad we were able to liven up the party. 
*I mean... I messed up an awful lot, so I dunno if you can call our performance a success or not.*
*But I'm a total beginner who didn't even have two weeks of practice... What more could you ask from me?*
*We fired up the audience pretty well, so I'm happy.*
Wakana: Thank you too, Hoshina. Looking back now that it's over, I'm glad I did it.
Shuuji: Yeah, it was a good experience for me too.
Hideaki: So, Shuuji, you gonna keep playing bass?
Shuuji: Nah. I can't take any more of this. My left hand is killing me, and I haven't slept well in ages.
Shuuji: Besides, playing tonight taught me that I don't really have a talent for this.
Hideaki: You haven't practiced enough to say anything about your level of talent. I think you could get pretty decent at it if you really tried.
Shuuji: Thanks, but I think I had my fill. I'll return to the club instead.
Hideaki: Okay.
Shuuji: I'm gonna grab something to drink.
*It's not like playing the bass wasn't fun, but I've already achieved my goal.*
*Either way, I'd rather bask in satisfaction a little longer instead of worrying about the future.*
Shuuji: Water, please.
Touko: Here you go. You've earned it.
Shuuji: Oh, Togakushi-senpai. Have you been working here the whole time?
Touko: Yup. I'm handing out drinks, cookies and pudding.
Shuuji: Oh, good work.
Touko: Speaking of good work, your performance just now was amazing. Really. I mean, wow, you were so cool.
Shuuji: Y-You were watching?
Touko: I sure was. You had the whole gym's attention, so there was no need for me to work.
Touko: I think just about everyone at the party watched you play.
Shuuji: ...Oh, well then. That's a little embarrassing to hear.
Shuuji: I made a lot of mistakes.
Touko: Did you? I didn't notice any. I think your listeners care less about those than you do.
Shuuji: That's kinda sad in its own way.
*I put a whole lot of effort into practice...*
Touko: Oh, sorry. That came out wrong.
Touko: Just don't worry about the little details. You should be proud you were able to energize the audience so much.
Touko: You really were cool up there.
Shuuji: Y-You think? But, like, I made more than a few mistakes. I just covered them up well.
Shuuji: It was pretty obvious I didn't have enough practice. And the bassist keeps the beat, which means everyone else―
Touko: Ahh, you're so embarrassed.
*What can I do? I know it's just flattery, this is the first time a girl has ever called me cool... Of course I'm embarrassed.*
*And this is Togakushi-senpai we're talking about here.*
Touko: Though, really, I'm so glad your performance was successful. Maybe you made some mistakes, but you still did well out there.
Shuuji: ...Th-Thank you.
Touko: The party turned out great, huh? There are a ton of guests and they're all having fun.
*Togakushi-senpai casts her glance around the gym, visibly moved.*
Touko: This is my last job for the Student Council... I'm glad things will end on a positive note.
Shuuji: Hearing that makes the pain I suffered in my left hand worth it.
Touko: Yeah, thanks.
Touko: Oh, right! I forgot about your reward.
Shuuji: Oh yeah, the thing you mentioned earlier today. That completely slipped my mind... I was too busy thinking about the band performance.
Touko: I can understand that, but that's still kinda mean. How could you forget a promise with me?
Shuuji: I'm sorry. Didn't you only say that to encourage me, though?
Touko: Hey, is that how you took it? Now you're being really mean.
Touko: I did say that to encourage you, but I wasn't kidding around. I'm intent on keeping my promise.
Shuuji: You mean... You're seriously going to give me some kind of reward?
Touko: You bet. I haven't thought about what it'll be yet, though, so you'll have to wait a little.
Shuuji: No, really, you don't have to do anything for me.
Shuuji: I'm already happy enough that we played our song without a hitch.
Touko: Oh my, what's this I hear? You really don't want a reward? Deep down, you're interested, aren't you? Interested in a reward from little old me♪
Shuuji: ......
Touko: My oh my. How should I take that silence? No matter what, you're still just a boy, huh? Mufufu.
*Well, yeah, of course I'm going to get an excited when a hot older girl says she wants to give me a reward. How couldn't I?!*
*I'm getting excited in more ways than one... is a joke I could never say aloud.*
Touko: Ah, you have a lewd look on your face. I know you're interested. Why don't you just admit it?
Shuuji: ...You're teasing me again, aren't you?
Touko: Just a little.
Shuuji: ......
Touko: Come now, don't be mad. A promise is a promise, no matter why it was made.
Touko: Your left hand got like that fulfilling the request I made, so I want to repay you for your efforts.
Shuuji: Well, I did it for myself too...
Touko: Oh, but it won't be a sexual reward, okay? It'll be something wholesome.
Shuuji: Well... if you really want to, then sure, why not?
*There's no point in stubbornly refusing her.*
Touko: 'Kay, thanks! I'll do my best.
Koshiji: Senpai, do you have a moment?
Touko: Ah, yeah. I'll be right over.
Touko: Sorry. Looks like I'm needed elsewhere.
Shuuji: That's okay. Don't worry about me.
Shuuji: Actually, I'm on the event staff too. I'll help out if you need it.
Touko: Oh, no, there's no need. You just finished your performance, so rest a little.
Touko: We'll need your help when it comes to cleaning up, but you can relax until then.
Shuuji: Okay... Then I'll do just that.
Touko: Good! See you later.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: A-A reward, huh? I wonder what it'll be.
Shuuji: Seriously, though, why's she acting so intimately? I mean, we're just schoolmates, and in different years at that... Does she act this close with everyone?
Shuuji: I highly doubt it. But then, does that mean... she's in l-l-love with―
Shuuji: No, of course not. I shouldn't overthink this.
*I don't recall ever getting that close to her.*
Shuuji: Man, just what is going through her head? I don't get what she's―Hmm? Wait...
*Hold on a second. I really can't tell what she's thinking.*
*We've been around each other a fair amount by this point, and we were even almost touching while studying, and yet... I haven't once perceived her emotions.*
Shuuji: I can't remember this ever happening before... Is this the first time?
*Of course, I'm not capable of sensing the deeper, more complex emotions.*
*But to spend this much time with someone and detect absolutely nothing... This has never happened before.*
*But it's not like my ability disappeared. I may not have felt anything once we started playing, but that's only because of how preoccupied I was.*
Shuuji: Then... the reason doesn't lie with me, but with Togakushi-senpai?
Shuuji: ......
*I've never met anyone else like her.*
*How can this be?*
Shuuji: Who is she...?
================================================================================
*She was so incredibly captivating up there on-stage. Her voice was so clear, so beautiful it was mesmerizing.  *
*It's probably thanks to all the practicing I did in that short period that I managed to keep composure and play through the entirety of the performance with her there. *
*I don't remember a single detail from my own performance. *
*The only thing I remember is Ayachi-san and how beautiful she was. Of course, the time we spent hanging out after the performance is a part of that. *
*I can't seem to get her image out of my head. *
Nene: "But you have. So, if I was able to help you walk away from this happy, then I'm happy too."
Shuuji: ......
*There's probably nothing strange about dreaming of it the day of, considering how big of a success the party was. *
*But I saw the same dream again on Sunday, when we went to clean up the gym.  *
Shuuji: There's gotta be something up if I dreamed about it two days in a row...
*Well, it was a pretty memorable experience... I'll probably never forget those sights, and the pure energy I felt during the performance. *
*I don't think I've ever felt that excited before in my entire life. *
*And I may not ever experience something that tops that.*
*Ayachi-san's performance was simply that amazing. *
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Damn, I gotta stop thinking about this. 
*The party's over with. It's time to move on. *
Schoolgirl C: Oh my gosh! I saw you up on-stage at the party, Ayachi-san! You KILLED it!
Schoolgirl A: Oh, you sure did. I couldn't take my eyes off you.
Nene: Th-Thank you...
Schoolgirl B: Huh? What're y'all talking about? 
Schoolgirl C: The Halloween Party, duh!
Schoolgirl B: Ohhh, yeah, that. I had something to do so I didn't get to make it. How was it? 
Schoolgirl A: It was actually a bunch of fun! Everyone there was having a blast. But the best part was Ayachi-san's singing. 
Schoolgirl B: What? She got up, and like, sang? 
Schoolgirl C: Oh, yeah! She sang the song PERFECTLY, plus her voice was just soo beautiful. I'm pretty sure everyone there fell in love with her after hearing that performance. 
Schoolgirl B: Wow, she was THAT good? 
Nene: N-No, she's only exaggerating. I-It wasn't that exceptional of a performance. I was off-pitch multiple times throughout the song. Really, I could've done a lot better. 
Schoolgirl A: Oh, you silly thing. You did way better than you give yourself credit for. 
Schoolgirl C: She's right! You rocked it up there! You don't have to downplay it. 
Nene: ......
*She stares down at the ground in embarrassment. *
*I actually agree with the girls on this. She should definitely take more pride in her performance. *
Schoolgirl B: Man, I wish I could've been there to hear you! I totally missed out. 
Nene: Please, no more! You're embarrassing me!
*She blushes, completely flustered. *
*She really does feel a lot more open and sociable now, I admit. I also think that's made her a more attractive person as well. *
*But, yeah... I won't say I'm not a little jealous that she's showing those sides of herself to others besides just me.*
*I know it's completely self-centered of me to think that way, but still, I just can't help it...*
Nene: Y-You shouldn't be praising me. Praise the ones on the instruments. They did all the work. 
Schoolgirl A: Ah, you're right. Hey, Kariya-san! Get over here!
Schoolgirl B: Wow! You can play the guitar, Kariya-san?! I never knew! That's so cool!
Wakana: Wait, what's going on?! Wh-Why am I getting dragged into this now?!
Schoolgirl C: You were so awesome on-stage at the party! So, like, how come you play the guitar? How'd you start? 
Wakana: Well, we've just always had a guitar at our house, and I've been playing it since I was young. 
Schoolgirl A: You should've told us! That's so cool that you can do that. 
*I figured everyone would be feeling the usual Monday blues, but it seems like some of those that went to the party still have a bit of lingering energy and excitement.*
*Well, not that I can blame 'em. I'm that way myself.*
Hideaki: You're tapping with your left hand, man. 
Shuuji: Hm? Ah, damn, I am. It's ingrained into me now. 
*My past week or so was filled with non-stop guitar practice, so now my hands just move and start playing on their own. *
*It's formed into a habit. *
Hideaki: She's getting a ton of attention. Just like I thought she would. 
Shuuji: Well, her performance was pretty stellar, man. She almost had me completely spell-bound while I was up there playing.
Hideaki: Must be why you fucked up so much. 
Shuuji: Kgh...! As much as I wanna deny that, I know I made more than a few mistakes. 
Shuuji: But seriously, man, can you blame me? Her voice was downright mesmerizing, and you know it. 
Hideaki: Well, it sure made me do a double-take when I first heard it. It's crazy to think she's such a damn good singer. Especially since she's never done any vocal training, y'know? 
Hideaki: Did you know about it before, or was the party your first time hearing her? 
Shuuji: Nope, the party was my first time. Hell, if I knew she was such a good singer I would've gone to her first-thing. Plus, I would've played a ton better not being so shocked. 
Hideaki: Touche. 
Hideaki: But yeah...
Schoolgirl A: You should totally sing again sometime, Ayachi-san!
Nene: I-I'm sorry, but I think one time was enough for me. 
Schoolgirl C: Man, you're putting that voice to waste, I tell you! I'm dying to hear you sing again!
Schoolgirl B: Me too. Maybe you could do something for the cultural festival next year?!
Wakana: ...Hmm.
Schoolgirl B: Oh, would you look at that! She's considering it!
Wakana: What?! No no, that's not what I was doing, I swear!
Schoolgirl B: Come on, you can't tell me you didn't have fun!
Wakana: I mean, sure it was... but I caught a cold, plus I screwed up a bunch on-stage...
Schoolgirl B: All I'm hearing is you wanna give it another shot. Come on, you know you wanna! Play at the cultural festival, and do even better this time!
Wakana: ...Ugh... agggghhhh...
*Kariya seems pretty damn susceptible to peer pressure. *
Hideaki: Brother Hoshina. Allow me to ask you a question.
Shuuji: Sure. Ask away, Brother Kaidou. 
Hideaki: Weren't we up there on-stage too? 
Shuuji: That we were. 
Hideaki: So then how come literally nobody is talking about us whatsoever? It makes no sense. 
Shuuji: Hate to say it, but yeah... Nobody pays attention to the drums and the bass guitar. 
Hideaki: But why? The drums are fairly loud. 
Shuuji: Well, if I had to take a guess, I'd say Ayachi-san's singing was so impactful it overpowered you. 
Hideaki: Man, screw the drums. I should've known I'd only be some background dude... Why didn't I pick an instrument that stands out more, dammit... 
Shuuji: Hmm, but wait. Aren't you a hardcore masochist? Don't you enjoy the harsh treatment? 
Hideaki: Yeah, not how it works. Here I'm not being purposefully ignored, I just straight-up don't exist. 
*Well, he got me there... Masochism is some deep shit. *
Shuuji: Well, I don't know how much my opinion's worth as a filthy beginner, but I at least thought you did good. 
Hideaki: What I want is praise from the ladies... But eh, thanks anyway, man. 
Shuuji: Well, don't beat yourself up over it. It made for a great experience, even if we aren't any more popular than before. 
Hideaki: So are you wanting to do something again for the cultural festival next year or nah? 
Shuuji: I'm gonna say no. There's no real need.
Hideaki: Fair point. There'll be plenty of people wanting to perform for that. Plus you don't even need to do it as part of a club, you can just do something solo if you want. 
Kanae: Oh, you're already breaking up the band? That's such a shame.
Shuuji: Sensei.
Hideaki: Kanae-chan.
Kanae: No calling me that. 
*I look over, and Hisashima-sensei is standing next to Kaidou.*
Kanae: I gotta say, you kids did pretty good up there. 
Shuuji: Oh, you watched? 
Kanae: Yep. I had to supervise the party. There were a few hiccups here and there, but hey, it wasn't half bad. 
Hideaki: Seriously? 
Kanae: What, do you think I'm lying? It was a nice performance. Seriously. 'Cept for that bass guitar player. Man, I could sure tell he was an amateur. 
Shuuji: You don't have to rub it in, geez. I know I suck. 
Kanae: As for the drums, the tone was clear, and it had a lot of confidence in it. You kicked some serious ass up there, Kaidou. 
Hideaki: Haha, I know, I'm just that good! Thank ya, Kanae-chan. 
Kanae: We've been over this. You can't call me that. 
Hideaki: Haha, c'mon! What's the big deal?
Shuuji: ...Hm?
*I swear I just felt a slight tingling sensation run over my skin...*
Kanae: Kind of a bummer. I would've loved to hear you kids play again. 
Kanae: Heck, if you guys had more time to work with, maybe that bass would be able to get to a semi-decent playing level. 
Shuuji: ...Haven't you ever heard of, like, praising kids so they'll improve?
Kanae: That'd only work for Kaidou. We all know you're not the kind to get motivated just because someone said a nice word or two to you. 
Kanae: You have a strong sense of responsibility, so the way to get you to do something is to put you in a situation where you can't run away. 
Shuuji: ......
*Yeah, that's pretty much the situation I was in this time around...*
*It's like she's seen right through me. I feel kinda violated. *
Shuuji: You pay pretty close attention to your students. I'm surprised. 
Kanae: Well, that comes naturally when you've been teaching for so many―*cough* a few years. 
Shuuji: What was that cough for? You're afraid to admit you've been teaching for a while or what? Well, I guess that is pretty sad when you've been single that entire time.  
Kanae: Shut up 'fore I come over there and make you. 
Hideaki: But back on subject, if you really think we're that good, maybe we should keep the band going? 
Kanae: Actively participating at school events is a good thing, but just keep in my mind not to do anything at outside events that might get you in trouble with the law. 
Hideaki: Oh, you don't gotta worry about us. We're good kids. 
Kanae: Man, you worry me sometimes... *sigh* My stomach hurts.
Hideaki: If we ever perform at a club you're totally invited. 
Kanae: Sure, I wouldn't mind going. Just make the performance worth my money. 
Hideaki: You better be there! I'm gonna be looking for you!
Shuuji: ......
*...Okay, hoooold up.*
*This can't be possible. This CAN'T be possible. This CANNOT be possible. *
*The girl Kaidou has a crush on... don't tell me...*
Kanae: Alright, that's enough chit-chat for now. 
Kanae: Come on now, the party's over with. Stop reminiscing and get in your seats. I wanna get homeroom over with quickly. 
Hideaki: Yes ma'am. 
Kanae: You too, Hoshina. 
Shuuji: Ah, sorry. 
*Still... I shouldn't go jumping to conclusions.*
*Even if I am right about this, I shouldn't be sticking my nose into private things like that. That's just plain rude. *
*I just need to shove it in the back of my mind and focus on what's really important right now: class. *
Schoolgirl D: Ayachi-san! You should totally form a band with us! We can make it to the top together!!
Nene: I'm sorry... I only participated as a pinch hitter.
Schoolgirl D: But you can sing SO good, girl! With you, we could seriously become an international sensation!!
Nene: I appreciate your kind words, I do... but I'm really sorry. I have no intention of singing any further.
Schoolgirl D: Man, that's a bummer... I was ready to be a star. 
Schoolgirl D: But if you ever change your mind, I'm always up for it! I'll wait for you, no matter how long it takes!
Nene: U-Uhm, yes... Thank you. 
*The girl exits the clubroom a bit dejected. *
*But yeah, I'd say Ayachi-san definitely has the potential to be popular. With her looks, and that beautiful voice? For sure. *
*Plus, according to Kaidou, appearances matter more than skill when it comes to gaining popularity.  *
Nene: *sigh*...
Touko: Here, have some tea. I imagine you must be pretty exhausted. 
Nene: Thank you, Togakushi-senpai.
*She slowly brings the cup of tea to her lips and takes a drink. *
*Yeah, you can definitely tell how exhausted she is. *
Touko: It must be so hard being as popular as you are.
*Togakushi-senpai gives her a look of commiseration. *
*You're probably wondering why Togakushi-senpai is still at the OC, considering the party is over and everything. *
Touko: See, I've been working for the Student Council so long, and it feels so weird now that I'm not... Little ol' me just doesn't know what to do with her time now. 
Touko: The only thing at home I can do is study, and doing that all day just turns my brain to mush. I'm sure you know that feeling. 
Touko: So, if you guys don't mind, would it be alright if I stayed and helped the OC out? 
*We at the club, of course, had no problem with her staying. She'd helped us out a great deal, and we all liked her. *
*Plus she already gets perfect grades as it is, so there's not much need for her to be studying all day. *
*And that's the backstory as to why Togakushi-senpai is still with us as an active participant of the club. *
Meguru: That was the third person to come here and personally ask you to join a band. 
Tsumugi: Only if you count the clubroom. If you count all the people that asked her in the classroom during school, it's way more than three. 
Nene: It has been quite the day...
Shuuji: ...Definitely. I can tell that just by looking at you.
Touko: Well, it'll all die down soon. We just have to wait for word to spread that Ayachi-san won't keep singing. 
Meguru: But still, she might get random requests to come fill for people if they lose a vocalist or something. Can't count out that possibility. 
Nene: ...I really wouldn't like that. I never even expected to receive this much attention in the first place... It almost makes me wish I hadn't done this. 
Touko: And I gotta imagine you'll get another rush of invitations once the cultural festival comes around next year. 
Nene: Don't say that, Togakushi-senpai. Now I have to worry about that actually happening. 
Touko: Oh, I'm sorry. But still, being prepared for it ahead of time isn't such a bad idea. 
Nene: D-Don't worry, I have an excuse. I'll just tell them that the Occult Club is going to be doing a performance. 
Shuuji: Let's hope that's enough to dissuade them. 
Tsumugi: No need to worry about it now, you have time. A lot of things can change in a year, so you might as well just worry about it when the time comes. 
Shuuji: True. We can't really make predictions about events that far off in the future. 
Nene: Still... Just thinking about the possibility is enough to make me depressed... *sigh*
*I've lost count of how many sighs she's breathed today. *
*And her voice sounds pretty lifeless too. You can tell she's just done with today. *
Shuuji: About half-past five...
Touko: How long do you guys usually stay? 
Nene: It can vary depending on things, but generally, I would say we leave around six. 
Shuuji: Do you wanna just call it a day now? We can do that. I know several of the sports teams end around this time too. 
Touko: Good idea. I imagine Ayachi-san wants to go on home and lay down. 
Meguru: We don't have to stay if you don't want to, Nene-senpai.
Tsumugi: And don't forget, this is a weekday. Don't you want to be well-rested for school tomorrow?
Nene: Okay... If you all have no reservations, then I suppose we can end things here for today. 
Meguru: Alright, then see you guys tomorrow! 
Nene: See you tomorrow.
Shuuji: Alright... I got the milk, and I got the kinpira burdock.
*After finishing with the club, I went out for some grocery shopping. *
*Well, I already precooked the stew I'm having for dinner yesterday. *
*I just came out to buy some sides to eat it with, and also restock on things we're out of. *
*There's no way I'd go home this late and start preparing dinner from scratch. I'm way too tired for that. *
Shuuji: Time to go home... Oh wait. I still need to get fruits.
*I seem to remember the shopping district having the cheapest prices for fruits. *
Shuuji: Hello. May I have one bag of pears, please?  
Clerk: Alright, here you are! That'll be 605 Yen.
Shuuji: Here. 
Clerk: 605 exactly. Thank you, thank you. Please come see us again.
Shuuji: Phew, NOW I'm done. Time to go on home and get some din?Hm?
Nene: ......
*Is that Ayachi-san? *
Nene: ......
*She's pacing left and right, back and forth. And she's been doing it for a while. *
*She can't be lost. I mean, she's lived here all her life.*
*Sooo then... What IS she doing? *
Shuuji: Hi, Ayachi-san.
Nene: Huh? Ah, hello, Hoshina-kun! What are you doing here?
Shuuji: Nothing much. Just doing some shopping before dinner. What're you up to? 
Shuuji: I noticed you pacing around for some time. 
Nene: Y-You just stood there and watched? Why didn't you come up and say something sooner...
Shuuji: Sorry, I was just a little confused, so I wound up staring. Are you out grocery shopping too?
Nene: No, not quite. Today was pretty exhausting for me, so I was thinking of maybe going somewhere...
Shuuji: Ah, yeah, I feel that. Sometimes you just don't wanna bother with whipping up something yourself. 
*And living alone really limits your options in those scenarios. *
*Having family makes things convenient. If you don't want to cook, someone else can just do it. *
*In my case, I live with my dad, so I try to do a lot of the cooking for his sake. *
*He's the one who pays for everything, so I feel that's the least I can do. *
Shuuji: So you're going to go out and eat somewhere? 
*Now that I get a good look at it, the place Ayachi-san's been loitering around is actually a restaurant. *
*I look up at the sign, curious about where she's planning to eat, which triggers a reaction from her. *
Nene: Ahh, please don't look! Please, please!!
Shuuji: ...Ramen?
Nene: I told you not to look...
Shuuji: S-Sorry. But really, I don't see anything to be embarrassed about. 
Nene: You really don't think it's... strange or anything? You can't tell me a girl eating at a ramen restaurant all by herself doesn't weird you out. 
Shuuji: Oh no, not at all. I don't see anything wrong with it.
Nene: O-Oh, well thank you.
*Maybe that's just something girls are overly conscious about? *
Shuuji: Do you like ramen?
Nene: It's not something I love, per se... but I've been curious to explore it. 
Nene: Do you remember that day when you and I went with Inaba-san to the conveyor-belt sushi restaurant?
Shuuji: Yeah, I do. 
Nene: Well, it's much the same scenario... I've never actually been to a ramen restaurant before. 
Shuuji: Is that so?
*Well, it's probably nothing for a guy, but a girl might feel a little... out of place going into a ramen joint by herself? It's the kind of thing that can be hard to do. *
*And furthermore, this place in particular, "Ramen Taroumaru" as it's called, is famous for its enormous portion sizes. Even some guys might feel intimidated.*
Nene: I finally worked up the courage and told myself this would be the day I finally try this place, but now that I'm here...
Shuuji: You're getting cold feet? 
Nene: That's right... I looked in and only saw men dining there, so I got scared. 
Nene: But the thing is, I'm not sure I'll ever work up the courage to do this again if I walk away...
Shuuji: Is trying this ramen that important to you? 
Nene: ...Yes.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Umm... would you like me to come with you? Maybe that would help.
*The first look she gives me is one of puzzlement, but a few seconds after, her eyes start to sparkle.*
Nene: You'd really do that?
Nene: Ah, er, wait... I thought you were going to be eating dinner at home. 
Shuuji: Nah, it's all good. None of it'll get cold.
Shuuji: And all this talk of ramen's gotten me a little curious... You wouldn't mind if I joined you, would you? 
*I can just put the stew in the fridge and eat it tomorrow. No biggie. *
Nene: Err...
*Ayachi-san alternates between looking up, down, to the side, and at the ramen joint's entrance.*
*Her eyes are wandering around restlessly like a cat's. *
*After about ten seconds of deep pondering, she reaches a decision and looks up. *
Nene: Could I take you up on your offer, then?
Shuuji: Absolutely. Ready to go on in?
Nene: Yes!
*Ayachi-san nods joyfully and with vigor.*
*She must've REALLY been looking forward to eating at this place. *
*That look of exasperation on her face is completely a thing of the past now. She walks in with an unconstrained, abounding excitement. *
Nene: Come on, Hoshina-kun! Time's a wasting. 
Shuuji: Coming. 
Nene: Ramen! Oh, Ramen!
Nene: It'll be my first time having real ramen instead of the cheap, instant kind. I can't wait to see how it tastes.
*Oh, so she eats instant food too? But wait, that's not important right now...*
Shuuji: ...You said this is your first time? 
Nene: Is that some sort of problem, perhaps? 
Shuuji: Well, before we go in, let me check with you: are you aware of what kind of place this is? 
Nene: Come again? I thought it was a ramen place. Is it not? Really? But I'm sure I―
Shuuji: Weeell, you could SAY it's a ramen place, but that's not quite the full picture... Let's just say it's a bit of special place.
Nene: Oh, you don't have to worry about that. I've done my research prior to coming here. 
Shuuji: Really? 
Nene: Yes. I have it all down pat.
*She declares so triumphantly. *
*If she's that confident about her research, then well, I guess we should be alright. *
*But yeah, I gotta say, her smirky face is seriously cute. I've never seen a girl look that cute when smirking. *
Nene: Have you been here before, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Yeah, a few times with Kaidou. 
*Kaidou's pretty big on this place, and he apparently comes here frequently. *
Clerk: Alright, next in line. Just the two of ya? 
Shuuji: Ah, yes. Just us two. 
Clerk: We got two free seats together, so come on and follow me. 
Shuuji: Are you ready, Ayachi-san?
Nene: Yes!
Clerk: How's it goin', y'all!
*After the loud welcome by the staff, we first get our meal tickets.*
Nene: So this is where we get our meal tickets... I'll make sure to remember that.
Shuuji: What are you getting?
Nene: The extra large char siu.
Shuuji: The extra large? 
Nene: Am I not allowed to? 
Shuuji: Well, you are, but it's gonna be a lot of food. You sure you can handle it? 
Nene: Absolutely. It might seem surprising, but I'm actually a large eater. 
Shuuji: Oh, really? 
*Huh. I don't remember her eating more than average when we were at the conveyor-belt sushi place...*
Nene: I've also researched this on the internet, so don't worry. The extra large char siu is apparently what everyone recommends getting. 
Shuuji: ...Are you sure about that?
*I can't imagine it being THAT good... Ah!*
*She just bought a meal ticket for the extra large char siu with zero hesitation. *
*After that, she takes her black tray and heads to our seats. I quickly get my meal ticket and follow after. *
*Then, not even a second after I take a seat, she suddenly blurts out―*
Nene: Noodlesfirmspicydoubleveggyextraextragarlicoil.
*Ah, she's using the abbreviated ordering style―*
*Wait, back up. Did she just order "noddles firm, spicy, extra vegetables, with garlic, and an extra large amount of oil"?!*
Clerk: Say wha?
Nene: Huh?
*The staff and the other customers around us are visibly unsettled. For a very good reason. *
Nene: Noodlesfirmspicydoubleveggyextraextragarlicoil... You can make it that way, can't you?
Clerk: Er, yeah, absolutely, miss... W-We'll have that out to ya. 
Shuuji: A-Ayachi-san, what are you DOING?!
Nene: What? Is something the matter? 
Shuuji: A-Are you sure you want that? Like, are you REALLY sure you want that? 
Nene: Well... is that not the special code that you chant when ordering it? I read on the internet that first-timers should simply stick to ordering it that way.
Shuuji: Man oh man... You actually believed that...
Nene: Now it's only a matter of time before it comes out and I get to eat it! Oh, I wonder what it'll taste like... I'm so excited♪
Shuuji: ......
*Her eyes are absolutely sparkling, much like when we ate at the sushi place. *
*Y-Yeah... I've completely missed the timing window to stop her. I just couldn't say it seeing how excited she was. *
Nene: Are you really sure you didn't want to eat at home with your family? Well... I guess it's too late to ask you that now.
Shuuji: Yeah, we've already ordered and everything. 
Nene: I feel a little bad. My apologies. But still, I'm glad our path's crossed. 
Shuuji: Y-You are...?
Nene: Absolutely. I've been eager to eat at this place for so, so long.
Nene: Plus enjoying meals with others is something I seldom get the chance to do. It's always nice to have company. 
Shuuji: O-Ohh... yeah.
*Right, I knew that's what she meant... Just a simple 'I'm glad we ran into each other today.' Of course there wouldn't be any deeper meaning to it. *
*But still, that doesn't stop my heart from skipping a beat. *
Nene: Hm? Is everything alright, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Yeah, I'm all good. 
*I proceed to take a big swig of water. *
*But that doesn't seem to have been enough to cool my body temperature; I'm still burning hot. *
Nene: This is going to be a great experience. 
Shuuji: That exciting for you? 
Nene: Oh, yes! I've had my eyes on this restaurant for so, sooo long. But I could never bring myself to come, you see.
Nene: Just to put my frustration into perspective for you, if I had waited a tad bit longer, it might've been possible to retrieve fragments from me.
Shuuji: Eh, I don't know, that sounds like a bit of an exaggeration. 
Nene: I guarantee you it's not. I'm genuinely happy.  
Nene: But, just so you know... If you don't want to stay here with me, you don't have to. You're free to leave anytime. 
Shuuji: I don't mind. And if anything, I enjoy hanging out with you. 
Nene: Huh...?! Umm, what did you―
Shuuji: A-Ah, uhm! I just meant that, like, when I'm with you I don't have to worry about my secret, so it makes me feel relaxed, I guess? Or comfortable? Something like that. 
Nene: Ah, yes, of course. Don't worry, I fully understand what you're trying to say. 
Nene: And also, I enjoy hanging out with you too, Hoshina-kun. 
Shuuji: ―――!
*I can tell how flustered Ayachi-san is not only from my ability, but from her general appearance. *
*Which means, yeah, she only said that so we'd be even. Just because I said it. No deeper meaning to it all. *
*But still... my heart skipped a bit. Just like it did with her prior comment.  *
*What the heck... Have I always been so sensitive to comments like that? *
Shuuji: ......
Nene: ......
Nene: A-Also, I think I ought to thank you. You've really helped me out in a variety of ways. 
Shuuji: Oh, no, I'm not looking for thanks. Really, I should be the one apologizing, considering you still haven't gotten back all your fragments. 
Nene: No, that's perfectly alright. They are coming back, slowly but surely. 
*And coincidentally enough, just when the awkwardness was bringing our conversation to a standstill, two large bowls were placed in front of us. *
Clerk: Alrighty! Here's yer extra large char siu. Noodles firm and spicy, extra veggies, and extra extra garlic oil, just like ya ordered.
Nene: Ah! It's finally here♪ I finally get to taste real ramen♪
*The bowl hits the table with a very audible thud. The bowl is full of ramen alright, but only underneath the massive heap of vegetables. *
Nene: ......
Shuuji: ......
*Oh... the glint in her eyes is gone. She looks... dead inside. *
Nene: Ra...men?
Nene: Umm... What is this? 
Shuuji: An extra large char siu ramen with noodles firm and spicy, extra veggies, and extra extra garlic oil.
Nene: But, the thing is, I don't see the noodles. Where are they?
Shuuji: Beneath that mountain of vegetables somewhere.
Nene: ...This isn't ramen like I know it. 
Shuuji: Well, this isn't regular ramen. It's the "Taroumaru" style of ramen. 
Nene: Ramen...
Nene: Ah, goodness! I can't mope around like this; That would be a definite breach of the sacred ramen etiquette! I have to start eating. 
Shuuji: What?! Sacred ramen etiquette?!
*Not only is this girl a masturbation guru, now she's an expert on ramen-eating etiquette! Holy cow! Two things I'd never want to be called in my life!*
*But still, I gotta say, she's seriously gullible... She totally accepted that troll guide as the holy text of ramen or something. *
*Oh, that reminds me: she almost burnt her hands using the hot-water dispenser when we ate sushi. *
*She can be surprisingly airheaded at times. Which leads to situations like this...*
Shuuji: Umm, I'll take yours if you think that's too much. You can eat mine. 
Nene: No. I was the one who ordered it, so I'll eat all of it. Well then, without further ado. 
*She splits her chopsticks and starts by plopping some of the vegetables in her mouth. *
Nene: Ah, this is very good. So this is what real ramen tastes like. 
Shuuji: Well, at first, yeah. Oh, and you ate the vegetables. That's not part of the ramen. 
*The flavor is pretty strong, so it's damn hard to keep eating. *
*Add onto that the fact that you need to clear all the veggies before you can start on the noodles. And the noodles only soak up more of the water the longer you wait to eat them. *
*Maybe she's aware of that, I don't know. But either way, she's eating at an incredibly fast rate. *
Nene: *munch* *munch* *munch* Hoshina-kun, you should start eating yours too. If you wait too long, the noodles will get all soggy. 
Shuuji: True. 
*She is downing the food incredibly fast, but it'll take time if she wants to trim down that pile of veggies any. *
*Just looking at the sheer mass of them is making me sick to the stomach. *
*God help the man who thought up that satanic chant... "Noodlesfirmspicydoubleveggyextraextragarlicoil."*
Nene: Phew. All done. 
Shuuji: %130;HOW IN―?!
Guest A: Yer frickin' kidding... That lass ate everything, even the soup...
Guest B: And she's as slim as a twig?!
Guest C: But boy is she a looker... Help, boys, I'm fallin' in love!
*Sometime in the middle of her eating frenzy, Ayachi-san even made use of the legendary "heaven-and-earth-reversal" technique that involves flipping the veggies under to bring the noodles on top. *
*She sure didn't put that internet knowledge to waste. *
*But Jesus Christ... I still can't believe she finished ALL of that. And without any trouble at all. *
Shuuji: *stare*...
Nene: D-Do you need something? You're staring at me, and it's making me rather embarrassed. 
Nene: Is there something on my face, perhaps? 
Shuuji: No, not that. I was just wondering, like... how does that slim body of yours even hold all that food...
*There's no way her stomach can hold such an insane mass of food... Well, I guess the world truly is full of mysteries, as they say.*
*Or maybe it's some sort of magic? That could be a possibility. *
*I mean, damn. I just had a standard portion, and my stomach already feels ready to burst. *
*I should really tell Kaidou about this sometime. He'll be so surprised. *
Nene: It was just so good I couldn't put my chopsticks down. 
*And she even had room to drink the soup afterward... God, I don't know if I want to be near this fearsome monster. *
*But on a more serious note, is she seriously gonna be alright after eating all that? Her stomach might be in for some pain. *
Clerk: C-Come see us again sometime...
Guest A: Who IS that girl, seriously?!
Guest B: Man, I don't even think I'd be able to eat all that. 
Guest C: ...I wanna have an eating contest with her!
Nene: ......? The other customers seem to be talking amongst themselves about something. Do you know why? 
Shuuji: Probably. They just witnessed the birth of a new legend. 
Nene: Huh... A legend, you say...?
*I'm positive stories of her will be told at this place for generations to come. *
Shuuji: So, how was it? Did it live up to the reputation?
Nene: That and then some. It was simply delicious. But, ugh... I think I may have overeaten just a little bit. 
Shuuji: Just a LITTLE...?
Nene: My stomach's so full I might not be able to fit anything else in the rest of the day. It was very worthwhile coming here.
Nene: And, of course, I have to thank you for accompanying me. 
Shuuji: My pleasure. 
Nene: Thanks to you, this won't be nagging at my chest anymore... I feel relieved.
*How can she feel RELIEF after downing that massive bowl of ramen...? Jesus Christ, Ayachi-san.*
*Normally after eating that much, you'd be so stuffed you wouldn't even want to look at food until lunch the next day. At least that's how it was for me and Kaidou...*
Guest A: Oh, I just want a girlfriend who'll eat Taroumaru Ramen with me!
Guest B: And she ate so gracefully too... Damn, I'm a jealous man. 
Guest C: I wanna challenge her to an eat-off. 
*Pretty much right as we stepped out, we were met with stares of admiration.  *
*Well, I say we, but really they're only for Ayachi-san. *
*...The looks I'm getting are more envy-ridden than anything. *
*This is just a guess... but maybe they think I'm her boyfriend? *
Shuuji: ......
*I guess we could come off that way to strangers...*
*But just simply being mistaken for her boyfriend is an honor much too high for me. *
*Plus it's plain embarrassing. But I won't lie... it makes me feel a tad bit happy...*
Nene: ......
*I throw a glimpse at Ayachi-san, standing next to me.*
*She's staring straight at the ground, with a blushed face. *
Nene: Umm, Hoshina-kun, let's go if you're ready. 
Nene: I don't know why... but I feel like we're drawing a lot of attention. 
Shuuji: Ah... yeah...
Nene: Come on.
Shuuji: I-I'm coming...
*Still with her face as red as a tomato, Ayachi-san power-walks off while pulling me along by the sleeve of my uniform.*
Shuuji: ......
*I find it so indescribably adorable that she's doing that... but I try my best to feign composure.*
*But my performance leaves much to be desired. The beating of my heart just keeps getting faster and faster. *
Nene: So, umm... Did I do something weird at the ramen restaurant?
Shuuji: What do you mean? 
Nene: Well, so many people were staring at me... So I had the idea that maybe I'd done something disrespectful or rude. 
Shuuji: No, you didn't do anything wrong. They were looking at you out of admiration.
Nene: But for what reason? All I did was eat a bowl of ramen. 
Shuuji: That was no ordinary bowl of ramen, though. 
Nene: ......? I'm still somewhat confused, but it's good to know that they at least weren't angry at me, or sneering at me.  
Shuuji: Oh, I forgot to ask. How's your stomach? Does it hurt any? 
Nene: No, it feels quite fine. The only thing my chest is full of right now is joy and content *siigh*...
*The smile of satisfaction she wears on her face right now almost makes her look younger than she is. *
Shuuji: ......
Nene: What's wrong, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Ah, nothing. Glad to hear you liked it; I enjoyed mine too. It was a pretty fun time, all things considered. 
Nene: I feel the same. Really, though... It feels like I have fun whatever I'm doing when you're there too. 
Shuuji: Wh-Where'd that come from... Could you explain that a little more? 
Nene: Well, we have many more members in the club now, and I got to go to the ramen place I've been longing to try. It's just been new experiences day after day... I enjoy my life a lot more. 
Shuuji: R-Really?
Nene: Yes. That's the honest truth. 
Shuuji: Come to think of it, it's the same for me. I've made so many new experiences since joining the club. Hanging out with girls outside of school, participating in a school event, and so on and so forth. 
Shuuji: My life would've been a million times duller if I hadn't made the decision to be more social and outgoing. 
*That's right... It all started when I decided to join the club and take it seriously. *
*Ever since Ayachi-san and I became friends, I've had so many fun and exciting experiences... At this point, just being with her puts me in a good mood. *
Shuuji: So you deserve a thank you from me, Ayachi-san.
Nene: Huh? Oh, hardly. I haven't done anything quite that special. 
Shuuji: Oh, but you have. Also, not as a repayment or anything, but if you ever feel scared to go someplace alone again... Just ask me, and I'll gladly come with you. 
Nene: ...Er, umm... but...
Nene: ......
Nene: Can I... hold you to that, then?
Shuuji: Of course. Just hit me up whenever. 
Nene: Thank you! Haha. 
Shuuji: Of course, that's only if you don't mind me tagging along. 
Nene: Why would I mind? Remember what I just told you? Every moment is fun when I'm with you. 
Shuuji: O-Oh, uh, thanks.
Shuuji: I'm in the same boat as you. Ever since I joined the OC, and became friends with you, I've been having so much fun.
Nene: ―――!
Nene: Th-Thank... you...
*I kinda just blurted that out in the heat of the moment... Man, this is embarrassing.*
*I feel a little weird. That wasn't something I'd normally do. *
Shuuji: ......
*Something feels wrong... Around my chest area... Oh, wait. I know what's causing this...*
*It's the damn Taroumaru Ramen I had!*
*That ramen is so rich in flavor, I swear. Also my body might not be back up to shape after my sleep deprivation from last week. Going to bed early tonight could be a good idea. *
Shuuji: Okay! A-Are you ready to go home now?
Nene: Y-Yes. We ended club early today so I could go home and get rested up. It would be disrespectful to the rest of the club members if I stayed out late wandering around town. 
*We start walking, but not a second later―*
Nene: Ah, I see Hisashima-sensei.
Shuuji: Huh?
Nene: Look, over there. That has to be her. 
Shuuji: Oh, you're right.
*I look in the direction she pointed. *
*That's her alright.*
*And, strange... There appears to be a fairly attractive guy standing next to her.*
Shuuji: Well I'll be damned... She's actually capable of snagging herself a nice man when she tries. 
*He's a tall guy, good-looking, who seems pretty cool and casual. I'd say he's probably older than Hisashima-sensei... So around 30?*
Nene: We might not want to go say anything. 
Shuuji: Yeah, better not disturb them if they're on a date. 
Nene: Let's hurry and be on our way before she sees us. 
Shuuji: That's the smartest idea, yeah. 
*We thus make haste and leave the area. *
Nene: I got to thoroughly relax this afternoon, and I even got to try the restaurant I'd been dying to go to for years while I was at it. I feel like I'm going to have very pleasant dreams tonight. 
Shuuji: Good to hear. 
Nene: Make sure you get a good night's rest too, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Sure thing. Well, Ayachi-san, see you at school tomorrow. Goodnight. 
Nene: Goodnight. 
*Ayachi-san gives me a small wave, then heads off to her apartment. *
*I just stand there watching her until she turns off a corner and disappears from my sight. *
*But rather than watching, I was really staring. I couldn't take my eyes off her.  *
Nene: *sigh* That ramen was so delicious.
*I'm more than satisfied. *
*It ultimately led to me getting to eat Taroumaru Ramen... so all in all, maybe putting up with the embarrassment and singing was worth it. *
Nene: It may have only been coincidence, but I sure am glad Hoshina-kun ran into me. 
*Just thinking back on it makes me smile in spite of myself.*
*He's seriously done so much for me. He's helped me out with so many different things since I first met him. *
*The club is flourishing, and I have so many new friends. Plus gathering fragments a lot easier now compared to when I was doing it by myself.*
*The reason the Halloween Party was so much fun had to be him... If I'd just kept to myself like I had been, I'm sure I never would've gotten to experience something that fun and exciting. *
Nene: Maybe I'm changing as a person? That's what Hoshina-kun said at the party...
*I never would've even considered going to a school social event before now. *
*It was always the contract, worrying about what might happen if I had a fit in public... I kept a distance from my peers as a result of that, too.*
*But after meeting Hoshina-kun... It feels like I've abandoned that mentality. I can now feel comfortable around other people and enjoy myself. *
*Maybe it's because I shared my secret with someone?*
*......*
Nene: I'm kind of glad it was him who caught me masturbating...
Nene: ......
Nene: Ack!! Wh-What did I just SAY?!
*The masturbation incident was a terrible, terrible mistake. Just recalling it slightly is enough to make my face burn up like a furnace. *
*And worse, I even said I was GLAD he saw me pleasuring myself! What is wrong with me?!*
*Whenever I'm with him, I always feel so cheerful and happy. Being the recipient of his kindness is always such a warm, joyful feeling...*
Nene: My chest feels funny...
*As I thought about those things, the intensity of the pain in my chest grew. *
*What is this...? Why is this happening? I was feeling fine just a minute ago, so why could my chest be aching now all of a sudden...?*
Nene: Maybe I'm just tired. It's honestly time for me to go to bed. 
Shuuji: I'm back, Dad.
Taichi: Oh, heya there, son.
Shuuji: Sorry I'm so late. Here, I bought some kinpira burdock you can eat with the stew.
Taichi: You came here at just the right time. I got dinner going in the microwave right now.
Shuuji: Ah... Sorry, but I don't need anything to eat. You can just put the leftovers in the fridge. 
Taichi: What's wrong? You feeling sick or something? 
Shuuji: No, I just already ate dinner with a friend. 
Taichi: Ah, that's good to hear. But if you really do start feeling funny, don't hesitate to tell me, okay? 
Taichi: I know how obstinate you can be. Don't wanna ask your poor old dad for help. 
Shuuji: I know, I know. I'll be in my room if you need anything. 
Taichi: O-Okay... You're pretty quiet today. Are you really okay? You're gettin' me a little worried. 
Shuuji: Am I acting that weird? 
Taichi: Well, you look alright, so I guess you aren't sick or anything. 
Taichi: Just try not to bottle everything up. I'm here if you need me. 
Shuuji: Thanks. 
Shuuji: ......
*Hmm... I do feel a bit strange. *
*It's hard to really describe it. Something feels off... but I don't really know what.*
*I feel so restless and queasy. It's like...*
Shuuji: My stomach feels heavy...
*I don't think I'm gonna be able to eat breakfast tomorrow... Today served as a good reminder that, yes, Taroumaru Ramen will kill your stomach. *
*Now to just find some digestion medicine. *
================================================================================
*Lo and behold, I ended up seeing that same dream again last night.*
*Except this time I wasn't dreaming of her performance. *
*I saw her eating at the ramen place, her smiling, and so on. *
Shuuji: ......
*This is... weird. *
*I'm the kind of person who rarely remembers their dreams... So why do I remember these so vividly?*
Shuuji: Hmm...
Wakana: Hey, what's up with you? You've been groaning pretty loud. 
Shuuji: Hm? Oh, Kariya. Good morning.
Wakana: Morning to you too. So? What's on your mind? 
Shuuji: Oh, it's nothing. 
Wakana: You sure?
Shuuji: Yeah. I'm just not quite fully awake yet. Come on, we gotta get to the classroom. 
Tsumugi: Good morning!
Wakana: Hi, Shiiba-san!
Shuuji: Good morning. 
*We just entered the classroom, and... Wait.*
*The class atmosphere feels somewhat different. But it doesn't seem to be the lingering excitement from the party. *
Shuuji: ......?
Tsumugi: Is something wrong, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: I dunno, the class just seems different than usual. 
Wakana: Oh, I know what you mean. Everyone was still hyped up from the party yesterday. 
Wakana: So now that everyone's done talking about it and stuff, everything seems a little quieter. 
Tsumugi: That's probably it. It's still only been a day, but you can notice the difference. 
Shuuji: Hmm, that's not really what I was getting at. It's more like... Ah, that's it. Ayachi-san isn't here. 
*Without the person who's essentially our class figurehead, everyone acts noticeably different. *
*Hmm... I'm looking all around the class but I really can't see her anywhere...*
*Man... Why am I so fixated on her, seriously? *
Shuuji: Have you seen Ayachi-san today? 
Tsumugi: Nope, she probably isn't here yet. I didn't see her, and yeah... it looks like her bookbag isn't at her desk either. 
Wakana: But homeroom starts in just a few minutes. I can't imagine Ayachi-san of all people cutting it this close.
Tsumugi: Hmm... you think maybe she overslept? She did seem pretty worn out yesterday. 
Wakana: Oh, was she? I didn't notice. 
Tsumugi: Yeah. A bunch of people came to our clubroom after school to pester her about joining bands. We went home a little early because of how exhausted she was.
Shuuji: Yeah, she seemed pretty fatigued. 
Wakana: Oh, that sucks. But if she was that tired, I guess we can't really blame her for oversleeping. 
Tsumugi: Yeah, plus she lives by herself. She wouldn't have anyone to wake her up...
Wakana: What? She lives by herself? Man, that does sound rough.
Shuuji: And I bet she has things she has to do around the house before she leaves for school, so that eats even more time. 
Tsumugi: I guess she might actually be late today. 
Wakana: Well, if her body needs the rest, then I guess it's for the best.
Tsumugi: Yeah, and I imagine she keeps busy with housework even on the weekends. 
Tsumugi: Oh, that's the bell...
Shuuji: Welp. she's officially late now...
Kanae: Alright, guys. Stop talking and get to your seats. 
*Morning homeroom starts and there still isn't any sign of Ayachi-san. *
Shuuji: ......
*Seriously, what happened with her? *
*It's been bugging me so much I'm having trouble paying attention during class. *
*I did manage to take notes, but that's about it. I don't remember a lick of what we went over.*
Shuuji: Maybe I actually do―
Kanae: Come on now. No standing in the middle of the hallway. You're blocking the way. 
Shuuji: Ah, maybe you can help me. 
Kanae: Hm, what's up? Got a question about today's class material?
Shuuji: No, not really. I was just a little curious about why Ayachi-san isn't at school.
Kanae: Ah, gotcha. She won't be here today. 
Shuuji: So does that mean she called and notified the school? 
Kanae: Mhm. She called and said she was sick. 
Shuuji: Did she mention what she was sick with? 
Kanae: Hmm, really all she said was she's feeling sick and can't move. And that it might be a cold. 
Shuuji: She can't move?
Kanae: Yeah. She sounded like she was in a lot of pain over the phone. 
*I know I'm probably just overthinking this, but... maybe it's something contract related? *
Kanae: I'm glad it wasn't something serious, like she fell down and lost conscious, but yeah... Her voice was pretty worrisome. 
Kanae: Also, she's off living on her own... Ah crap, not supposed to leak private information like that.
Shuuji: It's alright. I've been to her place once before, so I'm aware. 
Kanae: Really? You did? 
Shuuji: Well, there were a few girls with us too. We held a study session for the midterms. 
Kanae: Huh. I never thought you'd gotten that close with them.
Shuuji: I have a hard time believing it too. 
*Man, if only I could go back in time and tell myself right at the start of the new semester that I'd have so many girls as friends. He'd look at me like a liar. *
Kanae: Hrmm... I guess I could get you to do it for me, then. 
Shuuji: Do what? 
Kanae: One of my precious students, who lives alone, is so sick she can't move; clearly I can't just do nothing.
Kanae: Sure she's awake and in good-enough shape to make a phone call, but still... That doesn't change the fact that she's got nobody to help her right now.
Kanae: I was planning to go pay her a visit, but would you be willing to do that for me instead? 
Shuuji: You want me to go check up on her? 
Kanae: Well, put yourself in her position. Would you rather have a friend paying you a visit or your homeroom teacher? 
Kanae: Of course, I'm not forcing you to. If you don't wanna, just say no and that'll be fine.
Shuuji: No, that's alright. I'm not busy with anything today, so I can go. 
Shuuji: To be honest, I'm a little worried too. Ayachi-san doesn't seem like someone who'd skip school unless she absolutely had to. 
Kanae: Alright, thanks. Since you've already been there, too, that saves me the trouble of having to get you her address. 
Shuuji: Right. 
Kanae: You don't need to give me a heads up or anything if she's doing alright, but I do want you to contact me if she's in serious need of help. 
Shuuji: Will do.
Kanae: Anything else you need to ask me before I go? 
Shuuji: No, I think I'm set. 
Kanae: Alright. See you later, then. 
Hideaki: Hey! Let's go get lunch.
Shuuji: Sorry, I have something I need to do. 
Hideaki: Like what? It's lunch break, dude. 
Shuuji: Well, you see, it's kind of urgent.
*After informing Kaidou, I get my stuff together and hurry out of the classroom. *
*After leaving the school campus, I whip out my phone and find Ayachi-san's number.*
Shuuji: ...Ugh, I'm getting nervous about this.
*Go figure, I can't move my finger to press the dial button. *
*Is it acceptable for me to call her when she's at home sick? I'm not sure. *
Shuuji: And now that I think about it... I've never actually called a girl.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: But I told Hisashima-sensei I'd do this. I can't chicken out now.
*And if it's something contract related... I really want to help her. *
*I gather my resolve and finally press the button. *
*Agh, god! Does my voice actually sound fine? Shit... Maybe I should've practiced first?!*
*I've totally screwed up... No wait, it's still ringing, so maybe I can still make it?!*
Shuuji: Ah, ah... mh, mhh... *cough* *cough* ah, aaaaaah, lalalala.
Nene: "Hello."
Shuuji: Layachi-san?!
Nene: "Yes, this is Ayachi-san... How may I help you?"
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Did you hear that? 
Nene: "You mean how you called me Layachi-san?"
Shuuji: No, not that... Well, that's embarrassing enough in its own right... But yeah, if you didn't hear it, then don't worry about it. 
Nene: "I'm sorry, but if you were talking about the song you were singing, I don't recognize it. So I can't help you identify it."
Shuuji: What, do you think I'm trying to use you as a music recognition app or something?!
*Who cares about that! She HEARD IT!*
*Aggggghhhhhhh... Just kill me now...*
Nene: "Umm... Is something wrong? I was curious as to why you were calling."
Shuuji: Oh, sorry. I was just wondering how you were doing. 
*Her voice sounds a slight bit off. *
*Sure enough, she seems fine enough to talk, but her voice is noticeably hoarse. *
Shuuji: So what happened with you? Are you sick or something? Or is it... maybe something related to the contract?
Nene: "No, it's nothing like that. It's just a simple case of illness."
Shuuji: That's good to hear... Well, I guess being sick isn't a good thing. 
Shuuji: How are you holding up? Have a fever? Any coughing?
Nene: "I have a slight fever... But don't worry, it's nothing serious."
Shuuji: Then what's the problem? 
Nene: "Well, err... yeah..."
Shuuji: Have you seen a doctor? 
Nene: "Oh no, I don't think I've actually been afflicted with anything... I just woke up feeling a little unwell this morning... So I've been in my bed resting all day."
Shuuji: Man, that doesn't sound too good...
*She doesn't have a high fever, and nothing pointing towards a cold. Hmm... maybe it's built-up fatigue? *
*But we ended club early yesterday so she could... Oh, wait. *
Shuuji: ...I'm a bit curious about something. Did the discomfort start this morning or last night? 
Nene: "Well... To be honest, I wasn't feeling too great when I went to bed last night."
Shuuji: I think I know what's the culprit...
Shuuji: You just ate too much yesterday. 
Nene: "......"
Nene: "D-Don't say that to me... I'm already embarrassed enough as it is!"
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: ...Pfft!
Shuuji: Ahahahahahahahahahaha!!
Nene: "D-Don't laugh at me! You're so mean! I just told you I was embarrassed!"
Shuuji: Ah, sorry, I couldn't help myself.
Nene: "Nngh."
Shuuji: Are you... mad at me?
Nene: "Absolutely. Me mad. Me big mad."
Shuuji: I'm really sorry.
*She seemed like she was fine after eating it, but I was right. A person with her build can't just eat that amount of food.*
*Can't say I'm surprised that she got sick. *
Shuuji: But if you're in pain, don't you think it'd be good to see a doctor? 
Nene: "Well... you do have a point..."
Nene: "But I'd be too embarrassed to go see someone about this... How do I explain to them that I ate too much?"
Shuuji: I understand, but still...
Nene: "Oh, and anyways, I'm feeling a lot better now than I was this morning. I'm confident I'll feel fine in no time if I just rest up."
Shuuji: Well, if you say so, I'll believe you.
Shuuji: But anyways, I was wondering if I could, umm... maybe come visit you?
Nene: "Huh? Right now?"
Shuuji: I'm a little worried so I wanted to come check on you.
Nene: "I appreciate the sentiment... but this is a bit too sudden for me."
Shuuji: Well, I'm not trying to stay over there or anything. I was just thinking maybe since you've been stuck in bed, there might be things you need but can't go out and get. 
Shuuji: So, if you need drinks or food or whatever, I could go get stuff and bring it to you. It'd serve as a nice quick check-up, plus an apology for laughing at you earlier. 
Shuuji: It'll take a while if you want me to go get anything, just as a forewarning. So, do you want me to...?
Nene: "......"
Shuuji: I'm not trying to come across as pushy or anything, so if you don't want me over right now you can just say so. 
*I can hear her breathing over the phone. *
*The fact that she's seriously considering my offer tells me she's still not feeling too hot. *
Nene: "Vegetable juice..."
Shuuji: Any specific kind?
Nene: "Just pick any they sell at convenience stores."
Shuuji: Just that? You sure you don't want anything to eat?
Nene: "I do... but I'm still feeling a bit nauseous."
Shuuji: Okay. Then give me about, hrm... 20 minutes, and I'll be over there. Is that okay?
Nene: "Sure."
Nene: "I'm sorry for making you do this."
Shuuji: It's no big deal. I mean, hey, I'm an OC member. When someone needs help, it's my job to help. 
Nene: "...Thank you."
Shuuji: Alright, see you in 20 minutes.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Pheeew, god damn that was nerve-wracking...
*You know, it's kind of weird that I get this nervous talking to her on the phone when I talk to her in person almost every day. *
*I already hung up, but my chest is still pounding, and my hands are shaking. *
*But, right. Back to business...*
Shuuji: Vegetable juice.
*Doing something for Ayachi-san makes me feel a little giddy. *
Shuuji: I'm sure glad I managed to press that call button. 
Shuuji: Alright, then! Gotta hurry so I make it back in time for afternoon classes. 
Nene: Hoshina-kun's coming...
*He's worried about me since I'm at home sick, and now he's going out to buy stuff for me. *
Nene: ......
Nene: O-Oh goodness! I have to clean! Ah, and I need to change clothes too!
Nene: Uhh... I-I feel awful... But I have to get up and move...
Clerk: Have a good day!
Shuuji: Okaaay, so...
*I got the vegetables juice she asked me to, and also some apples.*
*Other than that, I got some kudzu starch gruel and dried plums, which I heard were good for sick people. Of course I didn't forget udon, the best food out there to eat when you're sick.*
*And then finally, I got things like some sports drinks, tea, stomach medicine, and stuff. This'll probably do. *
Shuuji: Yikes, I spent a little too much time there. 
*Gotta hurry. *
*I break into a light sprint towards the apartment complex where Ayachi-san lives.*
*Thanks to that, I arrive in less than 10 minutes. I go up and dial Ayachi-san's apartment number at the keypad near the entrance.*
*Calling in advance probably helped. She answers right away. *
Nene: "Yes."
Shuuji: Umm, it's me, Hoshina. I'm here. 
Nene: "Come on in."
*The automated doors slide open and I hop on the elevator.*
*Then, after reaching the door to her apartment, I nervously press the doorbell.*
*Following that, the door opens slowly without any further sound, and I see Ayachi-san.*
*She isn't wearing pajamas, like I thought she would, but instead an actual outfit. *
Nene: Come inside. I also prepared some tea, if you'd like. 
Shuuji: Oh, no, I was just gonna drop off the stuff and leave. I don't wanna stay and intrude on you. 
Nene: I can't have you leave after all the trouble I made you go through; that would be rude. Go ahead, come in and make yourself at home. 
Shuuji: O-Okay... if you say so. 
*Man, this place really is huge for just one person... Ah, so jealous!*
*Oh, and also, maybe I just didn't notice last time since I was so overwhelmed by the size... But it smells kind of nice in here.*
*You can tell this is a girl's living space alright... So much difference from a place with guys. *
Shuuji: ......
*Wait, I promise I didn't sniff or anything! I know it sounded that way but I didn't! You can notice this smell naturally, okay?*
Shuuji: Sorry for barging in on you like this. I was just got a little worried when I heard you were out sick. 
Nene: Missing only a single day is nothing worth concern. And I properly notified the school too. 
Shuuji: Well, it's because you're living by yourself. Having no one else to help can be a little concerning in situations like these. 
Shuuji: Hisashima-sensei was planning to come check on you if I hadn't.
Nene: She was? Really, there's no need to be concerned... I promise I'm fine. 
Shuuji: You may be fine, but you're still sick. Your face looks a little bit pale too.
Shuuji: Oh, and I guess I should apologize. I didn't want to make this into some big visit, but here you went and got ready for me and everything. 
Nene: Well, I wouldn't put it like that... It's just the normal thing to do. Welcoming you in my pajamas would be rude.
Shuuji: I don't really think that matters when you're sick...
Shuuji: But anyway, you're going to make me feel bad, so lie back down and rest. You're still not completely recovered, right? 
Nene: Oh, I'll be fine. Just a little bit of moving around isn't going to hurt me. 
*...Can't really argue when I'm faced with that smile. *
Shuuji: Well, I guess I'll give you your stuff now. Here's the juice you asked for. 
Nene: Thank you.
Shuuji: I also got you some foods that're easy to digest. If you want to try eating feel free to help yourself. 
*I proceed to place the apples and everything else on the table alongside the juice. *
Shuuji: Warming up your body some might be a good idea. Want something warm to drink? I could also peel you an apple if you want.
Nene: ......
Nene: *giggle*
Shuuji: Err, um... What is it?
Nene: I was just thinking about how you're being so overly caring. It almost feels like you're my mother.
Shuuji: Oh, sorry. Was I being kind of annoying? 
Nene: No, not at all. I'm thankful that you went out of your way to come visit me. 
Shuuji: Really? 
Nene: Of course. If I had no desire to see you I would've just said no when you initially asked. 
Nene: You can tell that I'm not lying, can't you? 
Shuuji: Mhm, I guess, yeah.
*She's right. I can't sense any unease from her, nor any other taste associated with lying. *
*It seems that she truly didn't mind me coming over here. *
Nene: As you said, I live here all by myself. I can't honestly remember the last time I had someone take care of me like this. It's a very... nostalgic feeling. 
Nene: So, consequently, well... I'm at a bit of a loss for what to do. I have so few experiences with these situations. 
*Has she been living on her own that long? *
*It probably goes without seeing that she lived with her parents as a child... but hmm, maybe she has special circumstances or something? *
*Well, regardless, it's a little nice to see that modest happiness of hers. *
Shuuji: ...Alright, I have an idea.
Shuuji: Since you said this doesn't happen a lot, I'm going to give you the full "being nursed" experience.
Shuuji: But just a fair warning, I'm not used to this kinda thing either.
Nene: Oh no, I couldn't have you do that when you've already gone out and bought things for me. I'd feel bad making you do all that...
Shuuji: C'mon, you're sick right now so you need to be in bed. Oh, and did you say you were hungry? I'll make some udon, if that's fine by you. 
Nene: Huh? You don't have to do that... Besides, if you stay here too long you'll be late for afternoon classes. 
Shuuji: Don't worry, I'm aware. It's a bit unfortunate, but I'll only be able to do a few quick things. I don't plan on skipping class.
Nene: But...
Shuuji: Please, just let me do this. I have to. 
Nene: Why is that? 
Shuuji: Well...
Shuuji: The thing is, right...
Shuuji: See... You being absent from school is pretty rare in and of itself, so it got me thinking about things. 
Nene: Now that you mention it... This might be the first time I've missed a day of school at Himematsu.
Shuuji: And hey, it's not like we're strangers or anything. Friends worry about each other.
Shuuji: I just couldn't get my mind off you all class. It was so bad I didn't hear a single thing during class, because I was so busy asking myself if you were okay, if you might need help, and so on. 
Shuuji: I guess it doesn't help that you've been on my mind a whole lot recently with things. Heck, I even see you in my dreams―
Nene: You're dreaming of me...?
Shuuji: ...Huh? Ah, crap...!
*%130;AHHHHHHHHHH!! GOD I'M SUCH AN IDIOT!!*
*I accidentally let that slip out without thinking!! That's even bad for HER standards, and she does this all the time!! *
Nene: Umm, I don't want to ask, but were you referring to... sexual dreams?
Shuuji: NO!! They're completely normal dreams, I swear!
Nene: R-Really...?
Shuuji: Cross my heart hope to die. Geez... What kind of stuff were you imagining me dreaming about...?
Nene: Well, you know, the kind of dreams that make you, well, you know... I believe they're called wet dreams.
Nene: ...How could you make me say w-w-wet dreams?!
Shuuji: How is that my fault?!
Shuuji: Look, as I explained, I didn't have any "wet dreams" about you. They were wholly innocent. 
Nene: But... If there wasn't anything sexual involved... What kind of things did I do in your dreams?
Shuuji: Well, umm...
*I dreamed of your beautiful smile.*
*What am I supposed to say?! Because it sure as hell can't be that!! Agh, think, think...*
Shuuji: Ahem! Ayachi-san!
Nene: Y-Yes?
Shuuji: My point is, I need to do this so I can get peace of mind. So could you please let me use your kitchen, plus some vegetables if you have any?
Nene: Sure, that's fine by me... Ah, wait, that's not we were talking about― 
Shuuji: You're sick right now so you need to be in bed! C'mon, off you go!
Nene: Ah, wait, Hoshina-kun.
*I push Ayachi-san into her bedroom, still in a state of confusion.*
*I resorted to a forceful approach, afraid that she might argue... but right. Seeing how she isn't coming out of her room, I suppose she accepted it. *
Shuuji: ...P-Phew, I nearly did myself in there. 
*I just blurted something really secret out. *
*I honestly wish in these situations she'd go into her usual dense protagonist mode, and say "Huh? What did you just say?"*
Shuuji: ......
*Ahhhhhhhh! Just kill me now! How can I even live after telling her something so embarrassing!!*
Shuuji: Well, I guess death will have to wait... I still have to make something for her to eat.
*Just think about something different. Put it in the back of your mind, Shuuji.*
Shuuji: Let's get down to business. 
*First thing's first, I need to see what cooking utensils she has.*
*Some kitchen knives, pots... Oh, sweet. She actually has a grater. I can use those to grate the apples I bought.*
*After that, I think I'll mix half of them together with the apple juice and the kudzu starch I bought, to make some apple kudzu starch gruel.*
Shuuji: Can I come in, Ayachi-san?
Nene: "Sure, go ahead."
Shuuji: I see you're staying in bed like a good girl.
Nene: ...I'd appreciate it if you didn't treat me like a small child.
Shuuji: Well, I don't know if you can call yourself a big girl after upsetting your stomach like you did yesterday. 
Nene: ......
Nene: You're such a meanie. I mean it. 
Shuuji: Eh, I'm not really trying to tease you or anything. 
Shuuji: Oh, here's some applesauce. Should be light enough for you to eat. Just make sure to finish it before it turns brown.
Nene: Thank you...
Shuuji: And I also made you some apple kudzu starch gruel. This'll warm you up.
Shuuji: The udon's currently cooking, so give me a few more minutes for that. I'll have it nice and soft. 
Nene: Oh, okay. 
Shuuji: Oh, and don't force yourself to eat any of this if you don't want to. You can just tell me if you don't want it. 
Nene: No, that's fine. I'm hungry, so I'll eat everything. 
Shuuji: Okay, that's good. 
Nene: But I have to say, you seem like you're used to doing these things.
Shuuji: Really? It's actually my first time nursing someone though. My dad has way too much energy to ever fall sick. But hmm, I do do a lot of the housework... so maybe it's that.
Nene: Then in that case, maybe it isn't your own experience, but the experiences you've had of your own family looking after you when you were sick? 
Shuuji: Hmm... That has happened a few times, but I don't think I'm mimicking what they did. 
Taichi: How do you feel, son? A little tired? They say the best way to get rid of a cold is to give it someone else, so go ahead and give it to me. 
Taichi: Your dad's thinking the best way to go about that would be a smooch; what do ya say? Wanna give your old man a kiss? 
Taichi: *smooooch*!
Shuuji: Oh my GOOOD, can you just go away!! I'm trying to sleep here!!
*Trying to mimick THAT would be bad. Very bad. *
*But hmm... I do remember that he never left my bedside. Though that doesn't mean he wasn't annoying every second he was there. *
*But still, just having him there with me made me feel so much better. *
*Of course I can't do that for Ayachi-san. She'd feel extremely bad if I skipped school because of her.*
Shuuji: What about you, Ayachi-san? Any memories of being nursed when you were sick?
Nene: No. You must remember, I live by myself. It's impossible for me to have those experiences with my current life. 
Shuuji: But you can't have always lived on your own. Did your family not have any special thing they'd do when someone was sick? 
Nene: Well... I guess there was something...
Shuuji: What is it? I can do it for you now, if you want. 
Nene: What?! That would be quite a few problems with that... plus it would just plain be embarrassing for the both of us.
Shuuji: Wait, what?! What kinds of things were your parents doing to you?!
*Something that would embarrass us now... I can only imagine what that would be. *
Nene: I-It's not that! I know what you're thinking, but it's, no... I promise they didn't do that thing where you take a leek and... p-p-put it in your butthole!
Shuuji: What the heck?! That was ten steps beyond the wildest things I was imagining!!
Nene: Look, it wasn't anything weird or freakish. It was just a little childish, so it'd be embarrassing to do now...
Shuuji: Ah, okay. I see. 
Shuuji: Don't worry, I won't laugh. I know you were a kid back then. 
Nene: ...I'm sure you won't. Just like how you totally didn't burst out laughing when I told you I ate too much. 
Shuuji: Well... I was just super worried, so when you told me it was something as silly as that, it hit me by surprise.
Shuuji: I promise I won't laugh this time. You have my word on it.
Nene: .........
*She stares straight at me, dubiously.*
*I stand there silently and take that, when finally, she softly begins to speak. *
Nene: They... rubbed my belly. They always said writing "eyes" around your navel area would make the stomach ache go away.
Shuuji: Eye...?
Nene: It's weird, isn't it? I know. It's completely stupid. This is why I didn't want to tell you!
Shuuji: Oh no, there's nothing wrong with it. 
Shuuji: Now that you've mentioned it, I feel like I've heard that one before as a remedy for stomach aches. 
Nene: My memories of it all are still a little fuzzy, but I always remember feeling scared whenever I got sick... then my dad would always come do that to me, and then I would feel better.
Nene: I know. It really is silly. 
Shuuji: There's nothing wrong with that. I felt scared when I was sick too.
*While my dad was certainly annoying as all hell, I can't deny that I felt safer with him by my bedside. *
Shuuji: Besides, charms like that can work. 
Shuuji: I actually felt a lot better after you did that "pain, pain, go away" thing for me. 
Nene: ...You're determined to embarrass me, aren't you? 
Shuuji: I promise I'm not. I'm actually that appreciative of you doing that for me.
Nene: And you bringing it back up is what embarrasses me. Seriously... You're brimming with malice.
Shuuji: I don't see malice in anything I just said. 
Nene: What makes it so bad is your lack of self-awareness. 
*She looks up at me with disapproving eyes. *
*But, in all honesty, she doesn't seem that upset. *
Nene: ...Fine, we'll do it.
Shuuji: Do, um... what? 
Nene: This time you're going to be the one that does it. Maybe this way you'll finally understand the embarrassment I went through. 
Shuuji: Wait... do you want me to do the thing you...?
*With nervous motions, Ayachi-san pulls down her blanket. *
*But―that wasn't the only thing. In addition to that, she pulled up her nightgown.*
Nene: ...Th-There... Go ahead and write "eyes" on it.
*She looks the opposite direction, face flushed, as she exposes her beautiful, porcelain-white belly to me. *
*Wait, hold on a sec... She pulled her gown up far. I can see her bellybutton and everything. *
*I can't help but stare. This is such a sight to behold. *
*It's not really anything when compared to her the exposure her witch outfit gives... but that's what makes it so great. My eyes have nowhere else to look but that beautiful, white navel of hers. *
*God, this is seriously hot. *
Shuuji: Umm... Do you really want me to? 
Nene: Sure, you need to experience how embarrassing it feels for yourself. Maybe then you'll stop teasing me so much.
Shuuji: .........
Shuuji: ...Just to double-check, you seriously want me to touch your belly? 
Nene: Y-Yes, so hurry up and get it over with... It's embarrassing showing you my belly... Plus it's cold. 
Shuuji: O-Okay... Then here goes nothing. 
*I stare at that mesmerizing bellybutton of hers, and slowly move my finger towards it―*
Nene: Hyaah!
Nene: Wh-Why are you sticking your finger into my bellybutton? You use your whole palm to write it, not just one finger!
Shuuji: R-Right, I'm so sorry. It just kinda happened.
*Holy hell... Her bellybutton was so hot I just went and stuck my finger in without thinking. *
*And it sure got a sexy squeal out of her. She must be sensitive around that area. *
*Right, right. Enough monkeying around. I have to get serious now.*
*After a second of delay, I gently reach out my hand and place it on her belly. *
*Oh my god, it's so smooth! So, so silky smooth! And it's also so warm and soft and god her skin is just so fair. Just simply touching her skin is making my body heat up like an oven. *
*Shit, what if I start sweating... Here, why don't I tell a little party joke to keep me from losing my head? *
Shuuji: Ah, you seem to be in your 3rd month, Miss Ayachi. 
Nene: One, that's not funny. Two, I'm not pregnant. And three, if you don't stop saying those things I'll knock you out. 
Shuuji: ...I'm sorry.
*Instead of making me feel calmer, it only shot my nerves up that much more. *
Nene: I want you to do the remedy. Save the bad jokes for later, please. 
Shuuji: Okay, let's do this... then... *cough* 
*My heart keeps pounding at my chest like a sledgehammer. *
*I can not only see her soft belly undulating up and down, but I can also feel it through my palm... Fuck, this is too hot... My head's about to boil. *
*I go on, and slowly write the magic word on her belly with my hand.*
Shuuji: E...
Nene: Mhm... mh, uh... mhh, hyan!
Shuuji: Y...
Nene: Fuu... mh, mhhh... ugh.
Shuuji: Umm, are you okay there? 
Nene: I'm okay... mhh, haah... It just tickles a little.
Nene: I don't remember it ever tickling this bad as a child... But for some reason, now it's... hnng!
Shuuji: E...
*With every motion of my hand, she lets out sweet, succulent moans. *
*God this is too hot... Those moans are so sexy this almost feels like some kind of sexual foreplay... which in turn, makes me feel like I'm doing something incredibly kinky with her. *
Nene: Hn, mh, mhh... fuu, fuu... mhh, mh, fuu... mhh...
Shuuji: And... S. 
Nene: Mhh *pant*... *pant*...
Shuuji: Alright, we're all done.
Nene: S-So, do you have anything to say? Have you finally learned how embarrassing it is to do these things?
Shuuji: Y-Yeah... I guess.
*I admit, that was pretty embarrassing.*
*But, like... Wasn't that more embarrassing for HER than me?*
*She pulled her clothes up, flashed a guy her belly, then let said guy rub it... Well, more accurately, she made me rub it.*
Nene: Now that you understand, please refrain from teasing me any more like you have been. 
*She reprimands me. *
*But her face is so excessively red, and her tone lacked any semblance of command whatsoever. She was far too cute for me to feel scared. *
Shuuji: ......
*But, yeah. Her stomach was so warm and soft... It was so pleasant to touch―unlike anything else I'd felt before. *
Nene: A-Are you just going to stand there and stare forever?!
*In a panic, she pulls the blanket over her entire body.*
*Man... I guess that's all I get to see of her adorable belly button. *
*I'm a little sad... Well, actually, I'm super sad. *
Shuuji: ......
*But even so, I'll never forget the sensation of her skin. It was just that amazing. *
*I can still feel the vestiges of her warmth on my right hand...*
*...*grip* *grip*...*
Nene: H-Hey, why are you opening and closing your hand! What kind of thoughts are you having?!
Shuuji: N-N-N-N-Nothing, I promise!! How could you suspect me of that, Ayachi-san?! I thought we were friends!! 
Nene: If it's nothing then why did you stutter when I asked you?
Shuuji: Well, that was just, umm... Oh, wait! I still had the udon cooking! Oh, silly me! Teheehee!
Nene: Ah! Hoshina-kun―
*I ignore Ayachi-san's voice, and flee back to the kitchen.*
Nene: Ugghh... How could he? This is so, so, so, so unfair. I feel like I'm the only who came out of this experience feeling any embarrassment, yet again. This isn't fair. 
Shuuji: Alright, go ahead and have some if you feel up to it. If you don't want any, you can just leave it.
Nene: Thank you. I feel bad having you go through all this trouble for me...
Nene: You've done far too much for me today, really... I'll have to repay you for this sometime.
Shuuji: Don't worry about it. I'm only doing it 'cause I want to. 
Nene: Still, it wouldn't be right if I didn't do something for you in return. Today won't be possible, naturally... But I'll repay you on some other occasion, I promise. 
Shuuji: On some other occasion...
*I don't know when that'll be, or what we'll be doing where, but... Just hearing those four words has made my heart-rate climb. *
Shuuji: O-Okay. Some other occasion then.
Nene: Yes, you have my word on it. 
*I check the time and, much to my dismay, I don't have much time until afternoon classes start. *
*If I sprint the whole distance from here to school, then hmm... I think I'll still be around five minutes late. *
Shuuji: Okay, I need to be getting back to school. 
Nene: Ah, one second, Hoshina-kun―
Shuuji: Hm? Yeah?
Nene: Thank you for the remedy. It, umm... Made me remember some fond times from my childhood. I feel much better now. 
Shuuji: Glad to hear, yep. 
Shuuji: Well, catch you later. 
Nene: Ah! Umm...
Shuuji: Need something?
Nene: Oh, umm... No, it's nothing.
Shuuji: You sure?
Nene: Agh, you know what, I do need to ask you something. 
Nene: I was curious about earlier, when you said you were having dreams about―
Shuuji: Ahhhh crap!! Noooo!! I'm gonna be late for afternoon classes!! I gotta get going right now!!
Shuuji: So yeah, bye Ayachi-san! Hope you feel better soon!
Nene: Ah, Hoshina-kun! Wai―
*He leaves the room in a hurry. *
*And a few moments later, I hear my front door close shut. *
Nene: What was I going to say to him...?
*He's already done plenty, so I had no right to keep him here.*
*The udon he prepared is honestly really good. *
*The only sounds filling the room are the slurping noises I make as I eat it. *
*...It's really quiet. *
*Even compared to the normal silence I'm used to from living alone. *
*I feel so... alone in this big apartment today.*
Nene: No, I can't even say it was the whole day. I mean... I wasn't feeling this way this morning.
Nene: I don't know if I've even ever felt like this before...
Nene: ......
Nene: ...Something's wrong with me.
*I know something is, but I don't know what. It's so weird. *
Nene: But, well... I feel slightly better now at least. Maybe it actually worked? 
*......*
Nene: I... seriously had him rub my belly...
*I got the sudden urge to rely on him, to have him take care of me, essentially. And, as a result, I did something so terribly embarrassing...*
Nene: What was I thinking, oh my gosh?! I seriously asked a guy to do something like that to me!
*Recalling it makes my body grow warm. Most especially, the area where he stroked me―my stomach.*
Nene: Urk... Something is wrong with me. And to make matters worse, Hoshina-kun had to go and say he saw me in his dreams... Ah, that's right. The dreams!
Nene: I wanted to inquire more about those dreams, but I completely let all my chances slip away.
Nene: Ahhh... ugghhh... This is bugging me so much it's infuriating... Could this be what I think it is...
Nene: ......
*This is the first time I've ever felt such a queasy feeling in my chest, really. *
*But no matter how much brooding I do, I can't find the right word for this emotion... I can't formulate an answer for myself. *
*I keep wracking my brains over it... as my body grows hotter and hotter. *
Meguru: You WHAT?! You seriously went to check on Nene-senpai all by yourself?!
Shuuji: Y-Yeah, sorry. I left for a bit during lunch break.
Shuuji: And before you ask, Hisashima-sensei asked me to do it. 
Meguru: Man, you could've told us and we would've come too. 
Tsumugi: Yeah, you totally should've. You and I are in the same class, even, yet you didn't say a peep. 
Shuuji: Sorry about that. I really just stopped by for a few minutes to see how she was doing. 
Tsumugi: Still, it wouldn't have hurt you to at least mention it to us, you know. 
Shuuji: Well, I was in a bit of hurry. Didn't want to be late getting back for afternoon classes. 
*Case in point, I actually got back to class about five minutes late and got in trouble. *
Meguru: That's still not an excuse...
Tsumugi: I wanted to come see her too!
Meguru: Yeah.
Touko: Well, well, just calm down now, you two. Nothing he can do about it now. So anyways, Hoshina-kun, how was Ayachi-san?
Shuuji: She was wide awake and didn't have much of a fever. I figured she'd be fine on her own.
Shuuji: But she's still a little sick, so she's resting in bed. 
Touko: Hmm. That's a bit of a relief, but I don't know... It seems like a problem if she can't go outside. And she needs to eat right too, if she wants to get better.
Tsumugi: Yeah, I'm a little worried too. I hope she's gotten better since you went and visited. 
Meguru: Oh, I know. Why don't we all go pay her a visit right now?
Tsumugi: That's a good idea. I'm all for it.
Touko: We might want to call and give her a heads-up first, though. Does anyone know her number?
Meguru: Ah, I have it. You guys can just leave this to me. 
Tsumugi: So after we call her, and see how she's doing, then we should go out and buy stuff to make dinner for her while we're there...
Shuuji: We'll want something that's easy to digest for her sake. From what she said, it's actually a stomach problem, not a cold. 
Touko: But, hrm... We can't just leave the clubroom unattended.
Touko: There might, say, be some students who don't know Ayachi-san's absent today and come here looking for her. 
Tsumugi: True, that might happen.
Shuuji: ...I'll stay behind then.
Tsumugi: Huh? Are you sure?
Shuuji: Yeah, it's fine. I already visited her earlier. Plus she's sick, so having all of us go there and make a racket might disturb her. 
Shuuji: I'll just let you girls go see her. Having a guy around when she's sick in bed might be a little embarrassing anyways. 
*Well, the real reason I don't want to go is the "belly" incident from earlier... Facing her this soon after would be super awkward.*
*I wouldn't know how to act around her...*
Meguru: Are you absolutely positive you don't wanna come? 
Shuuji: Yeah. I have to agree with Togakushi-senpai; somebody does need to stay. 
Touko: If that's what you want to do, then okay... We'll let you hold down the fort while we're gone.
Tsumugi: Don't worry. We'll make sure to tell Ayachi-san how you actually really wanted to come, but stayed behind to protect the clubroom!
Shuuji: That's a bit of a grandiose way to put it, but alright. Tell her I said hi. 
Meguru: We will! Don't you worry!
Touko: We're going now then, Hoshina-kun. See you later. 
Tsumugi: See you tomorrow.
Meguru: Adios!
Shuuji: Bye, guys.
*After everyone leaves the clubroom, I'm left to myself. *
*Judging by how she was acting earlier, I think she'll be just fine. *
*All she has to do is eat nutritious food and she'll be better in no time. *
Shuuji: Man... It's dead-silent in here. 
*There've been time when it was quiet, but honestly... This might just be the first time I've been in the clubroom all by myself. *
*...It's a little discomforting. *
*All the times before, there had at least been Ayachi-san there with me. *
Shuuji: ...I hope she gets better soon.
*Well, luckily for her, there's no school for the rest of the week. *
*She'll have plenty of time to rest up and get back to shape. *
*I did enjoy visiting her at her place... but honestly, I just want to see her back here in the clubroom.*
================================================================================
Taichi: Alright! See ya later, Son!
Taichi: I should be back around the usual time. Well, I'm leaving the house to you, then!
Shuuji: Right, I know. Have a good day at work, Dad.
Taichi: Will do! Now then, I'm off!
*As usual, Dad bolts out of the house with a spring in his every step. *
*Seriously, where does he get all that energy?*
*But eh, I do appreciate that personality of his. *
Shuuji: Alright, time to clean things up and head to school. 
*I wonder if I'll see Ayachi-san there today. *
Shuuji: ...Oh, hey, Ayachi-san.
Nene: Ah, good morning, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Morning.
*Along my daily route school, I unexpectedly run into Ayachi-san. *
*Weird. I usually don't see her this close to my place. I think the last time was that day she first took me to the Schwarze Katze.*
Shuuji: Feeling better now? 
Nene: Yes, I am. Thank you for asking. Both my health and appetite are back to normal.
Shuuji: Glad to hear.
Nene: I really do need to thank you for what you did last week. 
Shuuji: Oh, don't mention it. I was just doing what anyone would've. 
Nene: I really enjoyed the udon and the apples. Thank you for those.
Shuuji: I am glad you liked them, but really, you're exaggerating what I did. 
Nene: That's not true. I felt noticeably better after you visited me.
Shuuji: Ahh. Might've been the remedy we tried. 
Nene: Th-... That...?
Shuuji: Ah...!
Nene: ......
Shuuji: ......
*Her face lights up bright red after I mention it. *
*Yeah, she's probably recalling how she exposed herself to me. *
*And now it's all coming back to me again?her white belly, that cute belly button, and the sensation of my hand on her soft skin.*
*―*grip* *grip**
Nene: Th-There you go opening and closing your hand again! Stop having weird thoughts!
Shuuji: Ack―sorry, I just, umm... It just happened when I remembered how... good it felt. 
Nene: D-Don't say weird things like that about my stomach! There's no way it feels 'good.'
Shuuji: Not true! It was an absolutely sublime sens―
Nene: Why are you getting so heated about this?! Look, you're not allowed to think back on it anymore. And no more doing that squeezing thing with your hand either!
Shuuji: I-I'm so sorry. I won't do it anymore, I promise!
Nene: You're such a meanie-pants! I know you're doing it on purpose. I'm the only who even came out of it feeling embarrassed... again. 
Nene: I guess my only option now is to erase your memories... But that incident has already been stored in your long-term memory, so I'll have to do a more thorough and wide-scale sweep―
Shuuji: Ayachi-san, you have the eyes of a serial killer right now. Please, just calm down. 
*That isn't something you should ACTUALLY consider doing! You're making me shiver in my boots!!*
Nene: ......
Nene: If you ever tease me like this again, I'm going to get super duper mad. Just so you know. 
Shuuji: I'll do my very best to not. 
*Man, I'm not trying to tease her or anything. *
Nene: But... I am genuinely grateful to you. Not only did you come visit me, you even cooked for me, and the remedy thing, although extremely embarrassing, did help...
Nene: So you deserve a thank you from me. 
Shuuji: O-Oh, um, you're welcome. 
*I'm spellbound by her smile. My body won't move, and my brain shut down. *
*It's like she's tugging at my mind... Stealing my heart, in a sense.*
Nene: Is something wrong, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Ah, no, I was just thinking you don't have to be so thankful. It helped get my mind off things so I could focus on class. And besides...
*Wait, crap, I need to shut my mouth! I was about to blurt out something bad again!*
Nene: ...You're having thoughts you shouldn't be having again, aren't you?
Shuuji: I'm not. My thoughts were 100\% pure, so don't glare at me. 
Shuuji: C'mon, we're gonna be late if we stand here chatting forever. Let's go.
Nene: ...Okay.
*Oh, wait. Since me and Ayachi-san ran across each other here, does that mean we're going to walk to school together? *
*It looks like I'm going to earn more than a few envious glares this morning, and by no fault of my own...*
Nene: ......
*But I'm so attracted to the idea of walking with her that I don't even feel bothered by what looks I might get. *
Nene: Oh, before I forget. I want to ask you something about the dreams you mentioned the last time we met, Hoshina-kun. It's been bugging me ever since. 
Shuuji: %130;Huh? Could you repeat that?
Nene: You're not allowed to pretend you didn't hear me. 
Shuuji: Hey, I was just doing what you do all the time. 
Nene: Since you're being so secretive about it, I can't help but wonder if they really were sexual dreams...
Shuuji: No, I promise they weren't. You're gonna drag my character down if you keep repeating that.
Nene: Then why can't you tell me?
Nene: After you made me say w-w...wet dreams of all things, I think I deserve an answer! That's only fair!
Shuuji: Look, I never made you say that!
*I was just dreaming about your adorable smile, Ayachi-san! Dammit... there's no way in absolute HELL I can tell her that!!*
Nene: Mrgg.
*She, of course, doesn't catch on to my inner turmoil. She simply stares me straight in the face with a sulky expression. *
*Being the recipient of emotions such as these usually don't bode well for my ability, but for some reason, it doesn't feel as bad when it's Ayachi-san. *
*Wait, why is she so close?! Her face is like inches away from mine!!*
Shuuji: ...Ah...! Umm!
*I want to say "Back up some!" but my heart is pounding so badly the words get caught in my throat. *
Meguru: Nene-senpai! Helloha!
Nene: Huh? Ah, good morning, Inaba-san.
**sigh* Saved...*
Meguru: Are you feeling better now?
Nene: Yes. I'm back in top form now. Thank you for coming to visit me. 
Meguru: Phew, I am so glad. I'm so sorry we bothered you with so many people.  
Nene: Oh, you don't need to apologize. I was thankful that all of you came. 
Meguru: That's what friends are for. You scratch my back, I scratch yours. 
Meguru: Sooo, umm... Why are you out here flirting with Hoshina-senpai before school starts?
Nene: Flirting, you said...?
Shuuji: ......
Nene: ......
*We look at each other, and the distance between us (or lack thereof) becomes painfully obvious. *
*In the next instant―*
Nene: ―Ack!
*Her face turns red as a tomato in half a second's time. *
Nene: W-We weren't flirting around! Why would you even think that!
Meguru: You weren't, huh? Your faces seemed reeeeeaaally close, but maybe that was just me... Something happen or what?
Shuuji: Not really. I just visited her when she was sick and that's it. 
Nene: H-He's right. Nothing strange happened then, nothing strange at...... at all...
Nene: ................................................
Nene: ...Nothing happened, okay?
Meguru: Holy camole, that was WAY obvious!!
*Ayachi-san, blushing and averting your eyes is the opposite of what you do when you want to deny something. *
Meguru: Judging by her reaction... Man, you did something inappropriate again, didn't you, Senpai?
Nene: N-No, of course not. I'm a perfectly pure and clean person. I just relieved myself like I―
Meguru: Relieved yourself? Of what?
Shuuji: %130;Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh!
Meguru: Wh-What the heck are you shrieking all of a sudden for? Gosh, you almost made me jump...
Shuuji: Just thought I'd do some vocal training, you know!
Shuuji: Inaba-san, oh Inaba-san! You seem to be implying that I, yes I, did something untoward to Ayachi-san! But I'm innocent! I did nothing at all!
*I use a purposefully loud voice so Ayachi-san gets the point. *
*But thanks to her blurting that out, Inaba-san's only grew more suspicious. But eh, that's a pretty natural reaction after what I just did.*
Meguru: Senpai... Just come clean. You did something, didn't you?
Shuuji: No, I swear to god I didn't do anything. 
*I'm not technically lying, because it was Ayachi-san who instigated it.*
Meguru: ...We all know how insensitive you are, so wouldn't it be more likely that you just didn't realize you did something inappropriate? 
Shuuji: I can't say anything if you're gonna pull that card on me...
Shuuji: Well, anyways, we should get going or we'll end up late. 
Meguru: Ah! Hey, I didn't say you could push my back! 
Shuuji: *sigh*
Nene: I'm so, so sorry for that. Whenever I lose my composure, I just...
Shuuji: Don't worry about it. Being the target of Inaba-san's anger won't kill me. 
*I'm pretty much used to her suspecting me of stuff.*
*Besides, there's something else tickling my curiosity right now. *
Shuuji: The class seems kind of... different. 
*I'm standing outside the door beside Ayachi-san, but there's not really any reaction, like I thought there would be.*
*Hmm, it seems like there's something else that's occupying their attention. *
*Entering the classroom doesn't change that. *
*They're all chattering about, not sparing us even a glance.*
*There's nothing really ominous about the air. Heck, if anything, people seem kinda happy. *
Nene: What's going on?
Shuuji: No idea.
Tsumugi: Oh, hey there, you two. 
Tsumugi: Are you feeling better, Ayachi-san?
Nene: Yes, I am. Thank you for asking.
Tsumugi: Phew, that's great to hear. 
Nene: Excuse me changing the subject, but did something happen? The class seems abuzz about something. 
Tsumugi: Sorry, I don't know a thing. I didn't get here long before you guys, and it was like this when I walked in. 
Shuuji: Huh. 
Nene: That is fairly odd. 
*The three of us tilt our heads in confusion. *
*Well, we won't get anywhere just standing here. *
*We need to ask someone apart of the conversations... Oh, I spy Kariya.*
Shuuji: Hey, Kariya! C'mere!
Wakana: Oh, hey, Hoshina. Good morning. And to you too, Ayachi-san, Shiiba-san. 
Tsumugi: Good morning. 
Nene: Good morning.
Wakana: How're you feeling?
Nene: Much better, thank you. But, anyhow...
Shuuji: What's everyone talking about? Did something happen?
Wakana: Hm? Ohhh, you mean why everyone's so excited. So, get this, you guys. Apparently Hisashima-sensei has a boyfriend!
Tsumugi: Did you say Hisashima-sensei?
Nene: She has a boyfriend?
Wakana: Yeah, someone saw her with him. They're not in our class, but supposedly they saw the two of them together at the station awhile back. 
Shuuji: Did you say by the station...?
*Didn't I see her around there with Ayachi-san when we ate ramen?*
*So that guy was her boyfriend, huh?*
Tsumugi: Wow, good for her. But is there really anything weird about that? I mean, Hisashima-sensei is so pretty. 
Wakana: No, not really, but it does make you wanna know what kinda guy he is.
Shuuji: And that's why everyone's going crazy over it. 
Wakana: Man, I really wanna know who he is. Do you think she'll tell us about him if we ask?
Tsumugi: Hmm, I don't know. Hisashima-sensei seems like draws a pretty clear line between work and her private life. She might not want to tell us.
Nene: Was it the person I saw her with, perhaps?
Wakana: Huh? Did you see something, Ayachi-san?
Nene: I saw her walking together with a man by the station a while back. Hoshina-kun was there too, so he can attest. 
Wakana: Is she right, Hoshina? 
Shuuji: We only saw them from afar, but yeah. 
Tsumugi: What did he look like? 
Shuuji: Hmm... Well, he was tall, older than her, and mature-looking. I didn't get a clear look at his face, but he did seem fairly attractive. 
Nene: They made a good couple. 
Wakana: Ohh, interesting. Now I'm even MORE curious about this guy. 
Nene: It might not be wise to make too much of a fuss over this...
Tsumugi: Yeah, it might make her feel uncomfortable during class. 
Wakana: I agree with you on that. But still...
*Kariya surveys the classroom.*
*While not everyone, at least half of the class is currently talking about this. *
*So it's probably safe to assume the excitement won't be dying down anytime soon. *
Tsumugi: I'm a little worried, though. These sorts of rumors tend to spread super quick.
Shuuji: And a lot of the times that happens without the person in question even being aware of it. 
Nene: I wouldn't want to happen to Hisashima-sensei. 
*Kawakami-kun, the guy who consulted us that one time, also mentioned something similar.*
*I know I'd hate it if I got a girlfriend and my peers starting gossiping about me. *
*......*
*Of course that's only if I manage to get one... Will that ever happen? God, I sure hope so...*
Nene: And I don't think having a boyfriend is anything to be ashamed of either. 
Wakana: Well, you might say it was a little careless of her to be walking around town with him so brazenly.
*That is true. *
*I'm not the least bit surprised that other people saw them besides just me and Ayachi-san. *
Hideaki: Ohh? What're y'all standing 'round the entrance for? And Shuuji, you and Ayachi-san even still got your bookbags on you. 
Wakana: Oh, Kaidou. Hey. 
Hideaki: The class seems pretty rowdy this morning. What's up?
Shuuji: You'll never believe it. Sens――Ah...!
*That's when it hit me. *
*It's only a sneaking suspicion I have, but there's a possibility that Kaidou has a thing for her...*
Shuuji: Well, umm, yeah...
Wakana: Word on the street is that Sensei has a boyfriend. 
Shuuji: ―Ah!
*Dammit... She went out and said it. I was going to try and hide it from him...*
*Well, it being such a hot topic right now, I guess he'd figure out eventually. *
Hideaki: Hrm...
Hideaki: ...Wait. You said Sensei has a boyfriend...?
Hideaki: You're talking about Kanae-chan? 
Tsumugi: That's what they said. 
Wakana: And Hoshina and Ayachi-san apparently witnessed it with their own two eyes. 
Hideaki: Did you?
Nene: Yes. We saw her walking together with a gentleman slightly older than her.
Shuuji: But, hey! Let's not go jumping to conclusions. It's only a rumor. We don't know for sure that was her boyfriend. 
Hideaki: Still, you DID see her with some guy, right? And you know for sure it was her.
Shuuji: Well... Yeah, but―
Hideaki: So she has a boyfriend, eh... Hmmm... Interesting. 
*Kaidou's voice contains no hint of sorrow. He simply nods to himself. *
*But I feel a distinct, stabbing pain in my chest. *
*...Does this mean he's actually serious about her?*
Hideaki: Well, Kanae-chan's 'bout to hit her thirties. I see nothing strange about it. 
Hideaki: Guess her time finally came, huh. 
Shuuji: ......
Hideaki: Hm? What're you looking at me for?
Shuuji: It's nothing. 
*He's acting like normal, but the piercing pain in my chest, coupled with the bitter taste in my mouth, tell me he's not taking this news too well. *
Kanae: So, right. You'll basically find this argument paraphrased in the following passage.
Kanae: And as long as you look for it, you're pretty much done. 
*The class is dead silent. Everyone is giving Hisashima-sensei their undivided attention. *
*There's nothing weird about that in and of itself... But the class isn't focused on her out of a desire to pay attention to the lecture. *
Kanae: Hm...? Huh...?
*She seems to have noticed the peculiarity of their gazes, but she doesn't understand what's behind it. *
*And since nobody is talking, she can't reprimand anyone for anything. *
*Class continues and finally concludes. She still hasn't figured out what was going on. *
Kanae: This is a good place to stop, so we'll end things here for today. Anyone have questions? 
Kanae: If not, then you're all free to―
Schoolgirl C: Meeee, Sensei! I have a question!
Kanae: Hm? What is it?
Schoolgirl C: I was wondering: is it true that you were with your boyfriend at the station the other day? 
Kanae: ......
Kanae: Huh? Who the heck told you that?
Schoolgirl C: There were witnesses! The eyewitness testimonies all say they saw you walking with a hot guy at the station!
Kanae: So I was at the station with a man, you say? 
Kanae: Ohhh... I think I know what you're talking about.  
Schoolgirl C: So it's true?!
Kanae: *sigh*
Kanae: So is this why everyone was giving me weird stares throughout class?
Schoolgirl C: Does that mean yes, it is true?!
Kanae: Sure, whatever. It happened. 
Throughout Class: Ohhh!
*Sensei's admission only stirs the classroom's excitement further. *
*Wait, was that my imagination, or did I just hear a girl cry out in disappointment?  *
Kanae: I hate to break it to you guys, but that guy wasn't my boyfriend. I was at the station, and with a guy, yes, but that guy was my older brother of five years. 
Schoolgirl C: Your brother?
Kanae: Yep. He was in town so we met up, since it'd been awhile. Christ almighty... You kids are ruthless.
Kanae: Show some mercy on me please. The administration'll be on my case again if some weird rumors start circulating. 
Kanae: But really, I just want to cry... Just the fact that my brother's the only guy I've spent time with in public recently is so sad it's depressing...
Schoolgirl C: Ehh... That's no fun.
Kanae: If you have this much time to be gossiping about other people's love lives, maybe you should find a boyfriend yourself. 
Kanae: Once you get into the real world, you'll hardly have any opportunities to mingle with members of the opposite sex. Cherish this time you have in school right now. 
Schoolgirl C: So you're basically saying we should find a significant other now, rather than later? 
Kanae: Not at all. I'm just saying to make the most out of your time as students. There are a lot of things you won't get the chance to do again once you graduate. 
Kanae: So that's that. If nobody else has any questions, then class is dismissed. Alright?
Schoolgirl C: So are you still gonna be single for a while?
Kanae: ...What was that?
*God that tone was way too deep, Sensei. Don't do that. You're scaring me.*
Kanae: I know what I'll do. I'll place a curse on you. You'll never be able to find a boyfriend until you're the same age as when I get married. Know my pain and suffer.
Schoolgirl C: WHAT?! Doesn't that basically mean I'm doomed to be forever alone?! 
Kanae: Hey, stop that! You're gonna make me cry!
Throughout Class: Ahahaha!
*The class bursts into laughter. *
*But yeah. So that was actually her brother... That explains why they looked so close. It was simply a sibling intimacy. *
*...Everything makes sense now. That's a relief.*
Hideaki: ......
*But there aren't any visible signs of Kaidou's mood improving. I'm still feeling that pain in my chest too.*
*Hmm, this is weird... I would've expected him to act a little more relieved.*
Shuuji: ...What's got him so agonized?
Hideaki: ......
Shuuji: Hey, are you gonna come get lunch with me?
Hideaki: ......
Shuuji: Kaidou?
Hideaki: Hm? A-Ahh, lunch? Yeah, I'm coming.
Shuuji: Are you alright, man?
Hideaki: Yeah, of course. Just spaced out a little there for a sec.
Shuuji: You've been spacing out all day. 
Hideaki: ......
*Kaidou keeps silent for a few seconds.  *
*I also say nothing, and wait for his reply... Eventually, Kaidou slowly lifts his head and looks at me. *
Hideaki: So, uh... You remember how you told me a while back I could come to you about anything?
Shuuji: Sure, I'm willing to lend an ear anytime. We're bros.
Hideaki: You have no idea how embarrassing it feels when you tell me that with that serious-ass face. 
Shuuji: It's 10x more embarrassing being the one saying it. 
Schoolgirl B: ...Oh my gosh, look at them! They're staring into each other's eyes and blushing!
Schoolgirl A: Is this real? Are they really a pair?
Hideaki, Shuuji: ......
Hideaki: Let's just stop for now and go to the cafeteria. We can't talk here.
Shuuji: Yeah, this might spawn weird rumors about us. 
Schoolgirl B: You can do it, guys!
Schoolgirl A: You've got our support!
Hideaki: We're not a frickin' gay couple! Why are you so excited about this anyways?!
Schoolgirl B: You seemed like you'd be good together. 
Schoolgirl A: You're the perfect ship!
Shuuji: Don't ship us, what the hell!!
Hideaki: I'm a straight dude who likes frickin' girls! Don't start spreading weird-ass rumors!!
Schoolgirl B: Tch, then don't get our hopes up in the first place.
Schoolgirl A: Tch, yaoi-baiting's not funny. Us BL fans don't take that crap lightly. 
Hideaki: Why are they assuming this shit when THEY were the ones that went and started this...? Damn, talk about scary. 
Shuuji: Girls are scary, man.
Hideaki: Ohh, so this is the OC's clubroom. Can we seriously just use it?
Shuuji: Yeah, don't worry. We're free to use it whenever. 
Shuuji: I got the key from Sensei too, so we're all good. 
Hideaki: From her, huh...
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: So if I took a stab and said your problem is related to Hisashima-sensei, would I be right? 
Hideaki: Oh, you knew? Since when... Wait, was I being really obvious about it? 
Shuuji: I dunno. I can't speak for how other people might view it... But this one time when you two were talking, it just kinda clicked in my mind. 
*I can't tell him I sensed it through my ability initially. *
Hideaki: Well, damn... If you already know, guess there's not much use trying to fool you. 
Hideaki: Just like you thought, I do have feelings for Kanae-chan. 
Shuuji: Pretty serious feelings too, am I right? 
*I can't deny that Hisashima-sensei is a pretty cool person, and fairly attractive to boot. *
*But not only is there the teacher-student barrier to consider, but the age difference between the two, which is fairly significant.  *
*Saying it won't be easy would be an understatement...*
Hideaki: ...Wh-What're you looking at me for? You have a problem with me having a crush on Kanae-chan?
Shuuji: No, not at all. I was just thinking how you literally couldn't have picked a worse person to fall for. 
Hideaki: Oh, you're telling me. That's why I'm losing my mind over this so much. 
Shuuji: To be honest, I always saw you as much more of a lady's man. More frankly, the kind of dude who has a lot of casual relationships with girls...
Hideaki: If I was good enough to have chicks coming to me left and right, I never would've gone through the trouble of playing in a band. 
Shuuji: Touche. 
*Right. Considering how good he is at the drums, he's probably not the kind of guy who does things halfheartedly. *
*He must be more serious about Sensei than I thought.*
Shuuji: Didn't you mention before that you got caught up with some crazy chick one time?
Hideaki: Oh, her. Yeah, I met her when I was in the band... Sure hope she's doing alright. 
*Hmm... I wonder if she was an older girl too?*
Shuuji: Are you into MILFs, by any chance? 
Hideaki: Want me to go tell Kanae-chan you called her a MILF?
Shuuji: She'd probably curse me the rest of her life, so no, please don't. 
Hideaki: Well, I wouldn't say I'm not into girls our age... It's just, I dunno. I always end up going for older chicks for some reason. 
Shuuji: No worries. I'm not trying to shame you for your preferences or anything. But right, let's talk about Sensei now. 
Shuuji: I know there were rumors that she had a boyfriend, but she came out and denied that this morning. So what're you agonizing over then?
Hideaki: All that means is she's single. It doesn't mean she likes me back. 
Shuuji: True.
Hideaki: Back before this, I was never really worried. Since, y'know, she never seemed like she was gonna hook up with someone anytime soon.
Hideaki: But after that rumor this morning... Man, it hurt like hell. It was so out of left field. 
Hideaki: But it was also a wake-up call. I realized Kanae-chan getting a boyfriend isn't all that impossible. 
Shuuji: Yeah, she is fairly good-looking. 
*But personally speaking, I'm more concerned about the personality side of things. *
Hideaki: She could show up with a boyfriend any day, to be honest. She could even get married... And if what led to that was...
Hideaki: Ugh... Just imagining it makes me feel like crap. 
Shuuji: Oh, you're thinking of a shotgun wedding?
Hideaki: You're not supposed to fucking say it. I'm gonna ram your ass. 
Shuuji: That sounds so wrong. Say "kick" or something, for Christ's sake.
*But eh, anyone would be depressed if they suddenly heard the love of their life was pregnant and about to get married to another man. *
Shuuji: So what's bothering you?
Hideaki: Whether I want to let her go, or actually try. 
Shuuji: Look...
Shuuji: Never mind, I won't say it. 
Hideaki: It's cool. I know what you were gonna say. She being a teacher and me being a student, it just ain't gonna work out. 
Hideaki: I know that better than anyone. But still... It's just, I feel so restless. 
Shuuji: What do you mean?
Hideaki: I wanna talk to Kanae-chan every opportunity I have. I feel fidgety literally all the time, and my chest feels so queasy at times it fucking hurts.
*His love for her is deeper than I thought. *
Hideaki: I can't control myself. And now after today I feel even more nervous...
Shuuji: ......
Hideaki: What do you think should I do, man?
Shuuji: I-I wouldn't really know. 
Shuuji: I know I said I'd lend you an ear... but seriously, I'm probably worse with girls than you are...
Shuuji: Plus this just seems like the kind of decision you yourself should make. 
Hideaki: Well yeah, I'm with you there on that. But I keep thinking to myself, "Is something gonna change once I graduate? Wouldn't that just destroy the relationship we have already?"
Hideaki: And I can't stop thinking that and asking myself those questions, to the point where I feel like I'm gonna go crazy. 
Hideaki: I don't know what to do... I feel like I might panic and jump the gun unless I ask for help. 
Hideaki: So please... Could you at least give me your opinion or something? 
Shuuji: Hrmm.........
*Between me and Kaidou, Kaidou is definitely the one with more experience in matters of love. *
*Heck, he actually dated a girl before―an older girl...*
*But since I offered him my advice, it'd be kinda wrong to just say "Sorry, can't help ya." and brush him off. *
Hideaki: ......
*And I'd feel kind of... bad if I just left him to agonize about this by himself. *
*What to do... hmmmmmmm...*
Shuuji: I have a suggestion... If you're open to it, I could get some extra opinions. Are you up for that?
Meguru, Tsumugi, Touko: "Whaaat?!"
Tsumugi: R-R-Really? You, and... and Sensei...?
Hideaki: Yes. 
*He chose to consult the girls as well, thus here we are in the clubroom after school. *
*You can sense he's a little embarrassed, but he's straightforward with his feelings. *
Shuuji: ...I have to say, you're a real man. 
Hideaki: Can't really go beating around the bush now. I'm trying to get advice.
Meguru: The young student Kaidou-senpai, and the beautiful, mature Hisashima-sensei. A forbidden love, one that was never meant to be...
Tsumugi: The barriers preventing them from being together brought them grief and sorrow.
Meguru: But they cared not for what the world thought; they couldn't deny their own hearts!
Tsumugi: Thus, hand-in-hand, they left their home and friends behind and departed to an unknown land. 
Meguru: They lived in but a small four-and-a-half tatami sized room with no bath, but through the strength of their love, they worked hard and persevered.
Tsumugi: And as he left Hisashima-sensei to enter the public bath they use daily, she used her hand towel in place of a muffler.
Meguru, Tsumugi: "So romantic!"
Shuuji: Was that super outdated trope with the hand towel really necessary? 
*But really, these two are like BFFs now. *
Hideaki: Umm, sorry... but I'm not trying to have some fairytale romance like that. 
Touko: So, then... You dig up Hisashima-sensei's worst secrets, use those to blackmail her, and finally sink your fangs into her while she wallows in despair.
Touko: After enduring day after day of vile sexual training by the hands of this sadistic student, she breaks, and the once pure teacher becomes a lust-filled nymphomaniac. She knows what she's doing is wrong, but her body can't deny pleasure. 
Touko: "I don't want to admit it, but this feels so good. *twitch* *twitch*" Maybe something like that's more in-line with your preferences? 
Hideaki: Hell no!!
Hideaki: I don't take that stuff past fantasies. 
Shuuji: So you actually THINK about doing that? 
Hideaki: I'm a healthy man, my dude. We have these things called sex drives. 
Shuuji: There's a difference between healthy fantasies and... whatever creepy crap you think about. 
Touko: Hey, there's nothing wrong with that. I sure wouldn't treat you any differently because of that. And aaanyways...
Touko: I actually fantasize about stuff like that too. 
Hideaki, Shuuji: What?!
Touko: Mufufu. Oh you silly boys, I'm just joking. Don't look at me with those dirty eyes. You're gonna make me feel uncomfortable!
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Brother Kaidou.
Hideaki: What is it, Brother Hoshina?
Shuuji: I feel like I understand why you only fall for older girls now. It's like, I guess, the maturity coupled with the sexiness? It's downright amazing. 
Hideaki: Right?!
Nene: ......
Nene: Ohhh... So is that what you like, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Ah... Err, I wasn't stating my preferences or anything. I was just, like, speaking to the appeal or something? Sometimes we guys just can't help ourselves. 
Nene: Oh, I wasn't asking you to apologize or anything. 
Shuuji: Ayachi-san, your smile is scaring me. It literally hurts...
Nene: ...That's not my fault. It's not something stemming from my emotions.
Shuuji: You can tell me the truth: You're upset right now, aren't you?
Nene: I'm not.
Shuuji: But―
*I've been feeling a stabbing pain in my chest for a few seconds now. *
Nene: I am NOT upset.
Shuuji: O-Oh, okay... I'm sorry for suggesting otherwise.
Nene: Well, that's enough of that. We should get back on topic. 
Hideaki: ......
Hideaki: Gotta say, Ayachi-san's never like this in the classroom. Is she always like this during club?
Shuuji: Lately, yeah. That's probably her real personality. 
Hideaki: Hrmm... I guess, but it might be something else. 
Shuuji: Like what? 
Hideaki: Nah, never mind. Forget I said that.
Nene: There's something I'd like to confirm with you before we move on. 
Hideaki: Hm? What is it?
Nene: What exactly is your goal? Will you be satisfied with just a confession?
Hideaki: No, no, no! If I'm going to confess to her I'm gonna do it because I want her to say yes.
Hideaki: My goal is to date Kanae-chan, and live a happy life full of love and lots of french kisses!! Confessing just to move on would be a form of disrespect to Kanae-chan!
Shuuji: Did you REALLY need to add that french kisses part? 
Hideaki: That's not even a question, my friend. French kisses are the most important part of any relationship. 
*Well, I guess that's a fairly normal sentiment. *
Meguru: Ugh, what a perv. You just wanna date her 'cause you think she's hot.
Hideaki: Wrong! My feelings are of love, not lust!!
Hideaki: But at the end of the day, I'm only gonna stick to what's realistic. I obviously don't wanna do anything that'd negatively impact her life, or upset her parents, or anything. 
Nene: ...So I see that your ultimate goal is simply to enter a relationship with her.
Nene: But her being a teacher, that poses a few problems...
*Her voice suddenly turns grim, realizing the gravity of the dilemma at hand. *
*But, not even a moment later, Inaba-san dispels that depression with a cheery voice. *
Meguru: What's the problem? Let's support him, Nene-senpai!
Tsumugi: I wanna help too!
*Umm, girls, are you sure you're not letting this whole "forbidden love" fantasy cloud your minds? *
Nene: But...
Hideaki: I'm not asking for y'all to set me up or anything; I just want some opinions, plain and simple. 
Hideaki: No need to get so fired up. You can just think about it casually and tell me what you think...
Meguru: See, he's not asking for anything big... Nene-senpai.
Tsumugi: Can't we help him, Ayachi-san...?
*Ayachi-san grimaces a bit in response to their pleading eyes. She seems almost like a mother being pestered by her kids to buy them candy. *
Nene: ......
*But wait, now she's looking at me for help?!*
*What does she expect me to do...*
*The whole point of this was to get the girls' advice. Mine was already given. *
Touko: Incidentally, I'm curious. Have you ever tried to make any moves on Hisashima-sensei, Kaidou-kun? 
Hideaki: What kinds of stuff do you have in mind? 
Touko: Like asking her out for a date, or asking her personal questions that might cue her in on your feelings. Things like that.
Hideaki: Er, not really. I was actually trying to hide my feelings. 
*Well, she is a teacher, so if she found out she'd more than likely distance herself substantially from him. *
Touko: Hoshina-kun, over here. 
*Togakushi-senpai motions me over.*
*I follow her to a corner of the room, where she starts whispering to me. *
Touko: How good would you say Kaidou-kun's relationship with Hisashima-sensei is? 
Shuuji: Pretty good. She's his homeroom teacher, and she seems to like him a decent bit. 
Touko: But the problem is, she probably only likes him as a student of hers. 
Shuuji: Right.
Touko: Have you witnessed anything that might suggest she sees him as a man?
*I silently shake my head.*
*It's not like I acutely watch their every interaction, but I can at least say I've never sensed anything special from her towards him. *
*Hisashima-sensei is pretty casual with her students, but she tries to keep that within certain boundaries. *
Touko: Hmm... So is a confession a bad idea? 
Shuuji: At this moment, probably... Actually, scratch that. Yes, it's a bad idea. 
Shuuji: Even supposing Hisashima-sensei was that desperate for a man, I can't see her crossing the line with a student.
Touko: Okay, gotcha. Thanks. 
Hideaki: Sooo...
Touko: So just to make sure I have everything right here. You have a decently good relationship, but nothing deeper, correct? 
Hideaki: Uh-huh. 
Touko: Do you have any information on her, then? Like her hobbies or... What qualities she likes in a man.
Hideaki: Can't say that I do...
Touko: I think I have an idea, then. Tell me how it sounds. 
Touko: We, the OC, will gather information about Hisashima-sensei. Things like her ideal man, and so on.
Touko: But that will be the extent of our help. What you choose to do with that information is up to you. So? Do you like it? 
Hideaki: That'd be great!!
Touko: Perfect! So does that have your approval, Ayachi-san?
Nene: ...Okay. That sounds like something we could do if Kaidou-kun is fine with it.
Hideaki: Thank you very much!!
*And that is how we wound up helping Kaidou in his romantic affairs. *
*But we were in for a much harder battle then we expected. *
Shuuji: So how are we gonna figure out this stuff about her? 
Meguru: Good question. With whatever we do, we gotta make sure she doesn't figure out Kaidou-senpai's crushing on her.
Shuuji: Have we even decided what information we want in the first place? 
Tsumugi: Hmmm... Oh, maybe we could ask her how she'd want a guy to confess to her!
Meguru: Oh, great idea there! That'd be some super valuable info for him.
Shuuji: Okay...
Shuuji: On the subject, how would you two answer that question? 
Meguru: You're asking me? Hrrmm...
Meguru: Maybe like when you're walking home like usual, a nice mood gets going, and then he just naturally says it. That gets me going. 
Meguru: And if he whispered it in my ear with a manly, sexy voice, boy that'd be the end of me. 
Shuuji: ...Do you play otome games?
Meguru: Huh?! H-How did you know that?! Ack... Don't tell me you went looking in my bookbag?!
Shuuji: Do I look like some heinous criminal to you?! Anyone could tell from what you just said!
*Liking "manly, sexy voices" is like a dead-giveaway.*
Tsumugi: As for me, hmm... I want one that's nice and romantic. Like you're alone somewhere, and when he tells you he loves you, his voice is so sweet that you know: he's the one...
Tsumugi: Yeah, talking about something like your dream confession is pretty embarrassing. It's making me blush, ahaha.
*Cuteness can really be soothing. *
Tsumugi: It didn't sound strange, did it? Is my dream confession weird?
Touko: Nnh-nn, not at all. I thought it was lovely. 
Tsumugi: Th-Thank you. So, umm, what about yours, Senpai?
Touko: Mine? For me... huh... I can't say I've ever thought about it. 
Touko: Maybe if they were slightly smug, and looking down on me. That would be nice I guess. The kind of confession where you'd just say "O-Okay..." without thinking.
Meguru: Ohh, so you like that kind of thing, Togakushi-senpai. But I wholeheartedly agree, smug attitudes can be good.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: So, err... How would you like to be confessed to, Ayachi-san?
Nene: M-Me?
Nene: As for myself... I guess I'd consider the relationship itself more important than how you confess.
Tsumugi: Yeah, I agree. What comes after she says yes is just as important. 
Meguru: You're so cool, Nene-senpai. Talk about a fantastic answer.
Shuuji: ......
*What was that...? I could've sworn a feel a sting of pain just now. *
*It wasn't very pronounced, but I could still feel it...*
*Was there something behind that answer she gave? *
Meguru: But now that I think about it, we all have different preferences.
Touko: I wonder where Hisashima-sensei's falls...?
Shuuji: Well, anyways... Let's go and check where she is right now. 
Kanae: ......
Meguru: Seems pretty busy, doesn't she. 
Tsumugi: Well, yeah. Teachers have to do more than just teach classes. 
Shuuji: Okay, so we've confirmed her location, but yeah...
Shuuji: We can't exactly just walk up to her and ask.
Meguru: So just straight-up asking her what kinda guy she likes isn't an option?
Tsumugi: That'd be way too fishy. Nobody would ask that without a good reason.
Meguru: Yeah, should've known this wouldn't be a walk in the park...
Nene: Maybe we could make it seem more natural if we also threw in some unrelated filler questions?
Touko: I don't really think that'd be enough to do the trick...
Touko: Ah, what about the other teachers? Maybe we could do a survey or something. 
Shuuji: It's a decent idea, but what would we tell them we're doing the survey for?
Touko: How about we say the Newspaper Club's looking a diverse pool of opinions from both sexes and a wide range of ages. 
Tsumugi: Yeah, that wouldn't seem too suspicious. 
Meguru: But won't it screw us over later on down the road if we lie and say it's for the Newspaper Club?
Touko: Mufufu. All that takes a little negotiating from the former Student Council President, and we'll be A-OK. 
Shuuji: I don't think using your authority to threaten people is good. 
Touko: Ahem. I would never resort to foul play. The Newspaper Club's always in need of new for article ideas. 
Touko: All we have to do is compile the data, and give it a catchy title like "The secret to being popular! What the opposite sex really thinks!" I think they'd be down for that. 
Shuuji: Ohh! This is starting to look like it might actually work!
Touko: *giggle* See? I told you so.
Nene: So would you be okay with us leaving negotiations with the Newspaper Club to you?
Touko: Absolutely! I'll go pay them a visit right away.
Newspaper Club: Ohh, I LOVE it! That article would be such a hit!
Touko: Alright then. Thank you, thank you!
Newspaper Club: Of course! Thanks for the great idea!
Touko: With that, negotiations have been completed. They're all on board. Flawless victory!
Meguru, Tsumugi, Shuuji: Ohhh!
*We give a round of applause, praising Togakushi-senpai's achievement.*
Nene: Thank you so much, Togakushi-senpai.
Touko: No need to thank me. It wasn't nothing. Oh, here are the survey forms, by the way. 
*Q1: Do you want to get married some day? Q2: What do you look for in a romantic partner? Q3: What do you value in a relationship? And so on, and so on. *
*There are just over ten questions on it. *
*And all of them are related to love and romance.*
Shuuji: Handing these out to all the teachers surely won't rouse any suspicions. 
Touko: Oh, I forgot something. There was a weensy little condition they had. They want all of you to fill out a survey too. 
Nene: Us too?
Touko: They want some of the students' opinions, so apparently, they're going to hand them out to some other students too. 
Nene: I understand. We'll do it, then. 
Meguru: It's kinda funny. I feel a little embarrassed about answering these questions.
Tsumugi: Luckily it's anonymous, so nobody'll know your answers. 
Meguru: Oh, but doesn't that mean we can't tell which survey is Hisashima-sensei's?
Shuuji: There a few different things we can do about that. We could make a fold before giving it to her, put it on top when we collect the questionnaires, or put a tiny mark on the back.
Shuuji: The mark seems like the easiest option to me. Something tiny wouldn't stand out.
Touko: Let's get to it, then. 
Kanae: What's this? You got a survey for me? 
Shuuji: Yeah. It's for the school paper next month.
Kanae: Then why are you going around handing them out? 
Shuuji: The Newspaper Club came and asked us to help them come up with article ideas.
Kanae: Huh. So all I gotta do is fill this out and give it back to you? 
Shuuji: Right. It's all anonymous too, so please answer honestly.
Kanae: ...Look, we teachers don't have as much free time as you think.
Shuuji: Oh, come on. Pretty please? There aren't many questions. 
Kanae: Well, if you insist... So when do I need to get it back to you? 
Shuuji: By tomorrow if possible.
Kanae: That's not long. 
Shuuji: You don't need to think hard about it. Just answer with what comes to mind. We're after your intuitive answers, anyways. 
Kanae: Alright. I'll have it back to you by tomorrow. 
Shuuji: Thank you so much!
*I can't sense any signs of suspicion from her. *
*Now we just have to wait till tomorrow―*
================================================================================
Shuuji: ......
*Already morning...*
*This is the usual time I wake up every day. *
Shuuji: Ugh, my stomach hurts... Yesterday wasn't a dream, I guess.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Aggggghhhhhhh!! How in the actual hell did I think confessing would be a good idea!!
Shuuji: I mean, what if she―she rejects me?! I'll never be able to look at her again without feeling awkward as hell!!
Shuuji: NNNGGGGGHHHHHH!!
Taichi: Son, I don't mean to judge, but―what the hell are you even doing?
*There my dad is, standing near the door, watching me with pity in his eyes as I writhe around in my bed yelling. *
Taichi: So everything alright?
Shuuji: I'm fine. It's just... I did something pretty stupid, and that embarrassing display you had to witness was the result of the regret finally hitting me. 
Taichi: Huh... I can't say I understand, but well... Don't get too discouraged, champ. 
Shuuji: Yeah... I'll try. I don't even know if I can show my face at school after this...
Taichi: Hm, so it's like when you make a dumb mistake at work and don't want your co-workers to see you 'cause you're so embarrassed? 
Shuuji: Probably? There's a few minor differences in my case... But I'd say it's the same general idea.
Taichi: Well, you're sure lucky you have me. I got plenty of experience with that. Best thing you can do is just laugh it off. If you just let it drag ya down forever, you'll never get over it. 
Shuuji: Hmm, so that's what I do...
*But, ugh... My stomach is killing me.*
Shuuji: Ugh... I think I'm about to throw up...
Taichi: And just when I say don't let it get to you. Wanna go see a doctor? 
Shuuji: No, I'll manage. 
Shuuji: Besides... I can't run away from this forever.
*I already ended up skipping club yesterday. Skipping school now on top of that wouldn't be a good look.*
Taichi: If you say so, son... Just make sure you don't stress yourself out too much.
Shuuji: I'll be careful.
*To elaborate on the aftermath on yesterday: after the two of us had decided we would evaluate our feelings for each other, we returned to our classroom.*
*And since we had no excuse, we got in trouble for being late. *
*But we weren't the only ones. *
*Kaidou was late too.*
*He lost consciousness after Ayachi-san collected his fragments, but unfortunately I forgot to go wake him up...*
*So he'd apparently been sleeping out there on the bench until Ayachi-san and I got back to class.*
*Luckily he was thinking about his decision regarding Hisashima-sensei the night before, and got no sleep, so he was able to rationalize it in his mind. *
*So while it did come off as a bit strange, Ayachi-san's and my secret identities were safe. *
*Kaidou was, however, able to figure that something had happened between us. *
Hideaki: You made some progress, didn't you? I can tell you two are acting different around each other. 
*That was what he said. He did keep it a secret, though, which I was glad about. *
Shuuji: Okay, everything's cleaned up.
Shuuji: Now then...
*Guess I'll just have to man up and go.*
Shuuji: ......
*My legs feel really heavy, for some reason. *
*I've never felt this way before. *
*Part of me doesn't want to see Ayachi-san... But part of me does.*
*I'm so antsy and nervous. God help me if I come across her like this...*
Shuuji: ...Ah.
Nene: Ah...!
*Lo and behold, I run into her before I can calm my nerves any. *
Shuuji: ......
*I can try all I want, but it's futile. My chest is such a mess, my mind is such a mess... I can't even speak.*
*She droops her head down, embarrassed, making me wonder if she's feeling the same way I am.*
Nene: ―――!
*...What? Her face is red. Like, super red. *
*I'll admit I'm pretty damn embarrassed right now... But holy cow, she has me beat by a mile.  *
Nene: G-Good... morning.
Shuuji: H-Hey there. 
Shuuji: Kinda embarrassing, isn't it...
Nene: ...It really is.
*The both of us stand there, smiling bashfully at each other. *
*Though it might look like it to an outsider, we aren't dating yet. *
Shuuji: I thought I'd, um... Go ahead and apologize for yesterday.
Nene: Huh? What for...?
Shuuji: Ah, well...
*R-Right. I don't need to apologize for confessing. Plus, in a way, that'd be a little rude towards her.*
Shuuji: You know how I skipped club yesterday? That. 
Nene: Oh, you don't need to worry about that. We didn't have anyone come ask for help anyways. Are you feeling better now, at least? 
Shuuji: Ah, yeah. I'm fine.
*My stomach still hurts a little, to be honest... But now that I'm actually talking to her, the happiness and joy is starting to seep in.*
*I even feel a little excited.*
*But Ayachi-san, on the other hand...*
Shuuji: Enough about me, though. Are you alright? 
Nene: Sorry? What are you talking about?
Shuuji: You seem a little out of it. Did you get enough sleep last night?  
Nene: O-Of course! I did get enough sleep! I didn't spend the entire night going at it, I promise! I'm perfectly well-rested and not tired at all! 
Shuuji: Going at it? Going at what? 
Nene: Stop it! I just said I didn't! Like I said, I got plenty of sleep, so don't worry about me!
Shuuji: O-Okay then... If you say so. But don't push yourself.
Nene: Thank you... I'll make sure not to. 
Shuuji: ......
*But what was she talking about? Spent the entire night doing something, which was apparently embarrassing...*
*Wait. Don't tell me she was doing THAT?!*
*I-I'm super curious... But I'd better not press her any further.*
Meguru: Ah, Nene-senpai! Helloha!
Nene: Paah!
Shuuji: H-Hi there, Inaba-san. 
Meguru: Hello to you... too...? What're you two doing here together?
Shuuji: Nothing really. We just ran into each and said hey. 
Nene: He's right. All we exchanged were simple greetings. Now then, I think we ought to get to the classroom. 
Meguru: *stare*
*Inaba-san stares at the two of us with an intimidating glare. *
*...She definitely suspects something. No two ways about it.*
*Not too surprising considering what happened yesterday, but still. I wish I could act at least somewhat normal...*
Nene: ......
*%130;I CAN'T! IT'S IMPOSSIBLE!*
*How can I? She's too adorable for this world!*
*Urk... I think I'm falling even more in love with her. *
Shuuji: So, umm... Ayachi-san. About yesterday.
Nene: Right... There was something I actually wanted to talk to you about regarding that. 
Shuuji: What is it?
Nene: I think it would be best for us to draw clear lines until we've properly assessed our feelings for each other. 
Shuuji: Lines, like...
Nene: Well, first of all, we're not actually going out, so that means, umm... All things that couples would do are off-limits.
Shuuji: What sorts of things did you have in mind that we might be doing...?
Nene: Well, you know... s-s-s-se... *cough*
Nene: ...Intercourse and the like.
Shuuji: Is that really any better of a way to say that? 
Nene: S-Stop that! You're not allowed to try and make me say weird things either!
Shuuji: Uhh... How was that my fault?
Nene: You pressured me into saying it!
*Am I the only one who thinks that's a pretty lame excuse? Oh well, whatever.*
*So back on subject. Sex is off-limits (naturally), but as for other things―*
Shuuji: What about holding hands?
Nene: No.
Shuuji: Hugging?
Nene: No.
Shuuji: Kissing, then?
Nene: No!
Nene: There may be times when exceptions can be permitted, but that's in the case of extreme necessity. 
Shuuji: So, let me get this straight... Kissing would be okay if I can somehow find a way to make it necessary? 
Nene: No. There aren't any situations where that would be necessary in the first place. 
Shuuji: Well, I guess you're right...
Nene: Anything that involves physical, bodily contact is strictly prohibited. I don't know if I could keep myself together otherwise.
Nene: Just being alone with you makes my heart pound like crazy... And I don't want to go through last night all over again...
Shuuji: What happened last night?
Nene: No, nothing at all! I promise it was nothing! So just forget about it! Like I said, touching is off-limits!
Shuuji: U-Um, okay...
Nene: I-I just need you to... keep a bit of distance. I need you to if I want to keep my sanity...
Shuuji: Okay... I can do that. If that's what you want, then I just have to accept it.
Nene: Oh, but that doesn't mean I don't want to talk with you.
Shuuji: I know. You just don't want me doing anything weird, since it might sway your feelings. 
Nene: Right. That's exactly it. Th-There's already something wrong with me, and if it got any worse, I don't know what I would do...
Shuuji: So, basically, you want to return to our relationship to normal?
Nene: That's right. Oh, but would you like to eat lunch with me today?
Shuuji: Hm? I'd love to... You brought your lunch, didn't you?
Nene: Yes.
Shuuji: Alright. I'll get a sandwich or something, then. 
Nene: You won't need to today. See, I made one for you as well. 
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: %130;YAHOO!!!
Nene: H-Hoshina-kun, you're being too loud!
Shuuji: Sorry. But, right, is that alright for you to do?
Nene: I-I wasn't making it for you as my boyfriend or anything, okay. It was just as a friend!
Shuuji: I don't think you normally make lunch for someone who's just a friend...
Nene: ...Fine, you don't have to take it if you don't want it. I'll eat it myself.
Shuuji: Ah, wait, don't get me wrong! I'm not saying I don't want it, I was just wondering if that's okay for us to be doing since we wanted to confirm our feelings and everything first. 
Nene: Just treat it as a thank you for coming to visit me when I was sick... If we do that, it works out.
Shuuji: That's great... I'll gladly take it, then!
Nene: Okay. So will you be eating lunch with me... then?
Shuuji: Of course!
*Ayachi-san's cooking... Ayachi-san's cooking!*
*Boy oh boy! What am I gonna find in there? Damn, I'm already dying to know!*
Touko: Oh-ho?
Nene: O-Oh, Togakushi-senpai! Good morning!
Shuuji: Good morning, Senpai!
Touko: Good morning, both of you. 
Touko: So what're you two doing here together? 
Shuuji: Well... Yeah, we're on our way to the classroom.
Touko: Oh? But that wouldn't explain the cheeky little grin on your face, mister. 
Shuuji: Ehee?!
Touko: And now you're laughing weird too. 
Shuuji: I'm perfectly normal. This is how I always act. 
Touko: If that were the case, then you'd get stopped by the police every time you walked outside. 
Shuuji: Yikes. It's that extreme?
Touko: Oh, yeah. Your mouth looks like it's stuck that way. 
Shuuji: Man, that's weird...
*I try touching my mouth to check, but yeah, I can't tell anything. *
*Hmm... Maybe I'm feeling too hyper because of the lunch.*
Shuuji: Well, like I said, I'm fine. 
Touko: If you say so... But just tell me if there's anything on your mind. I'm always available to lend an ear.
Shuuji: Thank you.
Shuuji: Well, we better get going now. 
Nene: Right. See you later, Togakushi-senpai.
Touko: Yep. See you guys after school. 
*After finishing our short morning conversation, we head straight for the classroom. *
*But I can still feel Togakushi-senpai's eyes on us as we're leaving. She's suspicious, no doubt about it. *
Touko: *stare*
*To nobody's surprise, I'm having a hard time concentrating during class. *
*I'm mindlessly and mechanically copying the board word-for-word, but none of the material is entering my head. The only thing on my mind is Ayachi-san's lunch. *
*And after what feels like no time at all, my much-anticipated lunch break arrives. *
Kanae: Okay, we'll stop here for today. 
Shuuji: ...I'm READY!
*Not even a moment after class ending I vigorously jump up from my seat. *
Wakana: Wh-What's up with you, Hoshina? 
Hideaki: You seem, like, really hyped for some reason. 
Wakana: Is something going on?
Shuuji: You could say that. 
Wakana: Huh. Well what're you doing for lunch? 
Shuuji: Sorry, but you'll have to eat without me today.
Tsumugi: Oh, Ayachi-san, where are you going?
Nene: I'm sorry. I have arrangements today...
Tsumugi: Oh, do you?
Nene: Yes. I'm so sorry.
Tsumugi: No, that's alright. Don't worry about me and go on.
Hideaki: Oh-hooo. I get what's goooing on. 
Shuuji: ......
Wakana: Huh? What is it? Tell me!
*Cut the smirk, dude. Please. *
Wakana: Why are you smiling like you've figured everything out? Tell me already!
Hideaki: Ahaha, don't worry about it. Let's hurry up and go get lunch. Time's a wastin'.
Hideaki: Oh, hey Shiiba-san. You wanna join us?
Tsumugi: Ah, sure. Thanks.
Hideaki: Go on, get going, man. Don't worry about us. 
Shuuji: Well, okay. 
*I make my way out towards the door and hurry to the clubroom as fast as possible. *
Tsumugi: *stare*
Shuuji: Sorry, Ayachi-san. Did I keep you waiting?
Nene: No, I just got here myself. 
Shuuji: Perfect. So, umm... do you have the lunch?
Nene: Y-Yes. Here it is.
Shuuji: Oh my god!
*Based on the box size, the amount of food seems a little small for a growing guy like me. *
*Well, I can't ask for everything. She wouldn't know how much I usually eat.*
*Who even cares, anyways. I'm way too excited to let something like that bother me. *
Shuuji: Can I open the lid?
Nene: S-Sure... But don't expect anything too extraordinary, okay? It's just a normal lunch box. 
*Sorry, but no can do! I'm opening a treasure box here!*
Shuuji: Alright then, without further ado. 
Nene: G-Go ahead.
*I slowly remove the lid of the lunch box with shaky hands. *
Shuuji: Holy moly...
*There's white rice, omelet bites, fried chicken pieces, and simmered toppings. *
*Plus there are vegetables, which gives it a nice color palette, and a nutritious, well-balanced look. But best of all, it just looks absolutely delectable!*
Shuuji: ......
Nene: Err... Is there some reason why you're eying it so intently? Do you see something in there you don't like?
Shuuji: No, it's all fine. 
Nene: Is it the look of it, then? I did try some of all the dishes, so everything should taste alright. 
Shuuji: I'm not worried about the taste either.
Nene: So then it's... Ah, I know we're an occult club, but I have no knowledge whatsoever regarding black magic.
Nene: I didn't cast any weird hexes on it either. I assure you everything was prepared through entirely ordinary means.
Nene: I didn't use any odd ingredients such as fingernails, hair, or blood. 
Shuuji: Ayachi-san, please. You're just digging your grave further with every word...
*Her fervent denial of all these ominous things is what's ACTUALLY making me worried. *
Shuuji: Look, I'm not worried about anything. I was just awestruck by how delicious it looks.
Nene: Oh...
*A girl made me lunch...*
*There's hardly anything more wonderful to a man. My chest is overflowing with pure bliss.*
Shuuji: It almost looks too beautiful to eat. Was it a lot of trouble to make this? 
Nene: No, hardly.
Shuuji: Sorry I took up so much of your time. 
Nene: Oh, it's nothing. I make my lunch practically every day, regardless. 
Nene: Besides... I quite enjoyed making it... See, I've never actually cooked for someone before...
Nene: Cooking is usually rather boring for me, but when I thought about how you'd be eating it... I really wanted to give it 110\%. So I put a little more effort in it than usual. 
Shuuji: Thanks. That makes me so, so happy.
Nene: Hearing you say that... makes me happy as well.
Nene: But, the thing is, don't you regularly cook? So I was worried you might have a high standard...
Shuuji: Yeah, but that doesn't mean I'm any better at it than the next person. 
Shuuji: Plus I live with my dad, and he can't cook, so the last time I had a homemade school lunch was ages ago.
*And even then, that was my dad who tried his best and made it. *
*That isn't to say it tasted awful back then. *
*However, getting a homemade lunch made by a girl is a million times more exhilarating!*
Shuuji: Can I eat it?
Nene: ...Whenever you want.
Shuuji: Okay, then let's try some! Amhh... *munch* *munch*... mhh.
Nene: Wh-What do you think...?
Shuuji: It's great! And I'm not just being nice, I truly mean it.
Nene: Oh, really? Thank god... That's such a relief.
Shuuji: What can I say? It's just that amazing. Plus I can tell how much effort went into it... I'm happy, but also a bit sorry you had to do this for me.
Nene: I'm telling you, it's fine. Like I already mentioned, I enjoyed making it.
Nene: Also... It makes me happy... Seeing you eat it so joyfully.
Shuuji: Ayachi-san...
*Her face is bright red, and she's looking down at the floor bashfully.*
*Ah... I'm the one who caused that adorable reaction. *
*Just knowing that is enough to make my body burn up.*
*It's crystal clear to me... I can reevaluate it and assess it all I want, but there's no two ways around it. I love her.*
*And it's not only my head that says so. My hands are shaking and my heart is racing; my whole body is saying the same thing. *
Shuuji: Oh, right. There's something I wanted to mention.
Nene: What is that? 
Shuuji: I know we're not going out yet... But the rest of the guys in the club are getting suspicious.
Nene: Are they? How did it happen so fast... I thought we'd been acting relatively normal. 
Shuuji: ...You really thought that? 
Nene: What was that? 
Shuuji: No, forget it.
Shuuji: So anyways, what do you propose we do about it? Should we fill them in?
Nene: That's a good question...
*Ayachi-san puts down her chopsticks for the time being, and starts to ponder the question.*
*But it took relatively little time at all for her to reach an answer. *
Nene: Could we wait things out for a while longer? Right now, we're still in the middle of confirming whether or not we want to go out with each other. 
Nene: It may become necessary to tell them eventually, but I think that should wait until after we've become a couple, if we decide to. 
Shuuji: I agree.
*I don't know how long this so-called assessment period will last... But it shouldn't be too long. At least I hope it won't.*
*So, in that case, it would be better to hold off on telling them anything for now. *
*If we do, I can see them pestering us nonstop, like "Hey, how's it going! Any progress?" And that sounds super annoying. *
Shuuji: Right, so now that that's out of the way, I was going to ask you a question...
Shuuji: Ayachi-san, umm... Do you think it's going to take you a while to evaluate your feelings?
Nene: W-Well... I think I need a little bit more time to calm down...
Shuuji: ...Okay.
Nene: What about you?
Shuuji: I don't want to come across as I'm ignoring what you told me to do... but umm... yeah...
Shuuji: No matter how much I think about it, I always arrive at the same answer... That I'm love in with you...
Nene: O-Oh, okay...
Shuuji: Ah, err, sorry. I probably shouldn't be saying that at the current moment.
*...I'll only pressure her by rushing things.*
*Heck, I should be satisfied just from the simple fact that she made me a lunch. That's enormous progress in and of itself. *
*It's the same as with our decision to not tell the others; I should be patient and wait. *
Shuuji: So anyways, a quick question regarding things from here on out: is today's homemade lunch a one-time-only kind of thing?
Nene: Do you... want me to make more that badly? I always bring my own lunch regardless, so, well... I could make some for you if you'd want. 
Shuuji: Please!!
Nene: But the problem is, Shiiba-san might get lonely if I'm eating with you everyday...
Shuuji: Hmm... That's true.
Nene: ...Maybe we can just make it an occasional thing. 
Shuuji: Are you sure?
Nene: There are friends who do things like that on occasion, aren't there?
Shuuji: I-I guess so... Yeah, there totally are. I'm sure of it.
Nene: I'll give it consideration, then.
*Contrary to her more reserved choice of words, Ayachi-san has a smile on her face.*
*Look at that, apparently I'm going to get to eat another one of her lunches tomorrow. *
Shuuji: Also, um, if possible could you feed me my food...? There have to be some friends who do that...
Nene: No.
Shuuji: Should've seen that coming. 
*Nothing I can do about that.*
*But still, I can be happy with what I have.*
Shuuji: I'm genuinely thankful for the lunches. Very, very thankful.
Shuuji: Thank you so much, Ayachi-san.
Nene: ―――!
Nene: I-It's nothing. Also, please don't look at me like that! Please, please, pretty please!!
Shuuji: Huh? Why not?
Nene: If you smile at me like that, I'll... I'll end up...!!
Nene: I-I'll be right back. I have to go to the restroom!
Shuuji: Ah, okay. I'll be here. 
Shuuji: ......
*She really does seem funny today. And not just through her noticeable actions; she's been getting awfully embarrassed, and I can perceive feelings of panic from her.*
*...Well, I'll just wait and see where things go from here. *
*School ended, and thus came club time. We had still yet to tell any of them about the huge changes to our relationship.*
*Now that I think about it, it's been quite some time since we just had a normal old club day. *
*First it was the party prep, which took up our club time every day... Well, in my case, it was more so band preparations.*
*Anyhow, following that there was the whole ordeal with students flooding into the clubroom to pester Ayachi-san about joining bands, and shortly after was her sick day. *
*And lately, we've been dealing with Kaidou's romantic struggles. *
*So, like I said, it's been a long time since we've been able to just sit here and chill.*
*That's actually how it's supposed to be normally... We've just been so damn busy lately. It almost feels weird just sitting here not doing anything. *
*Oh, and there's something else I need to mention. *
Meguru, Tsumugi, Touko: *stare*
*The rest of the members will not stop staring at me. *
*I know we decided to hold off on telling them, but god, having to bear through this will not be fun.*
*Part of that's because they're all super suspicious, and I have to sense those feelings, but most of all, I just guilty about essentially lying to them. *
*I wonder how Ayachi-san's dealing with it all, so I shoot a glance in her direction.*
Nene: Ngh―――
*Her face is bright red, and her head is hung low. *
*Doesn't seem like she picked up on why I was giving her that look.*
*As adorable as I think she is when she's blushing... The others are going to notice, and wonder why. *
*I know we decided to keep it a secret, but maybe we really should reconsider...?*
*Right as I'm thinking about that, a knocking noise comes from the door. It feels like ages since I last heard that sound.*
Tsumugi: Oh, is someone here to consult us?
Student: Umm... Excuse me. I heard that I could come here and get help with my problems, and I was wondering if that's true. 
Meguru: Yep! We'll help you!
Student: Oh, perfect! There was actually something I wanted to ask you all for help with.
Touko: Come on inside and make yourself at home. Is that alright, Ayachi-san?
Nene: Yes, of course. Please come in. We'll be glad to help you in whatever way we can. 
Student: Oh, thank you so much! Excuse me. 
*I don't know who this girl is. *
*Her ribbon is blue, so that means she's one year younger than me, aka in Inaba-san's grade... But, I have to say, she looks far older. *
*She just has this sexy allure. She has a mature face to her, and also... pardon my bluntness, a hella big rack. Those are nice tits. *
*Togakushi-senpai also has a nice pair herself, but this girl looks older, and she's also rather tall for a girl.*
*If it weren't for the ribbon, I would swear on my life she was older than me. *
*And right as I'm examining her, head to toe, she looks at me.*
*Ah, crap! Did she see me looking at her tits?!*
Student: Oh, I didn't know there was a guy here. 
*Phew, it was just that. *
Shuuji: No worries. If you wanna discuss something you feel uncomfortable having a guy hear, I can step outside. That's no problem whatsoever. 
Student: O-Oh, no! I'd actually prefer you to be here! You might be able to give me some good advice on this.
Shuuji: Oh, really? 
*Half standing out of my seat, I slowly sit down again.*
*I don't know if we've had a girl specifically request my presence before. *
*The opposite has, of course, happened a number of times, but I really think this is the first time for this. *
Nene: Alright, then we'll get right into it. What is your problem?
Student: Well, the thing is... like...
Student: As you can see, I have quite the feminine body. And I also believe I'm pretty cute besides that. 
Nene, Tsumugi, Touko, Shuuji: ......
Meguru: ...Say what?
*We're all completely dumbfounded at the random, unsolicited bragging. *
*What the hell? Is she seriously trying to tell us her problem is that she's hot and has big tits? *
*And, Inaba-san. Look, I feel you, but you need to calm down.*
Student: So I've never really had much of a problem getting boyfriends when I've wanted them. 
Nene: Umm, pardon me for interrupting, but do you mind if I ask you a question?
Student: Sure. What is it? 
Nene: I'm having a bit of trouble seeing where the problem lies, so let me ask you again... You really are seeking advice, yes?
Student: What are you saying?! I have a legit problem on my hands here!!
Nene: I-I'm sorry...
Touko: Well, let's just calm down, guys. Wait until she's done, okay?
Nene: You're right. I shouldn't have interrupted you there. Please continue.
Student: No worries! So back to what I was saying. 
Student: So... Huh? What was I talking about again?
Tsumugi: Something about how you've never had problems getting boyfriends...
Student: Ah, right! I'm cute, sexy, and I have a great body, so I can get a boyfriend pretty much at the drop of a hat. 
Shuuji: Wow, she really emphasized that part...
*Well, I can't deny that her assets are pretty―*
Nene: ......
Shuuji: Umm... *cough* *cough* So continuing on?
Student: Right. So I'm currently dating a guy right now, yeah? He's just so cute and adorable, and I want to smother him in affection. He almost seems like a little boy. 
*...Er, I'm getting pedophile vibes here.*
Student: I'm really, really serious about him! I even dream about marrying him, and that's something that's never happened with any of my previous boyfriends!
Shuuji: Okay... And?
Student: But I'm not sure how he feels... I don't know if he loves me the same way...
Shuuji: So, basically, let me get this right... You want to figure out how much he loves you?
Student: Yeah, that's exactly it. 
Touko: Umm, can I shoot you a quick question? 
Student: Yeah, that's fine. 
Touko: If you're saying this, does that mean you have reason to doubt the sincerity of his feelings? 
Student: ...Unfortunately. It's been worrying me and stressing me out so much that I can't even get a good night's sleep anymore. My skin's going to be ruined if this keeps up.
Nene: Would you feel comfortable sharing with us what that thing was?
Student: Ah, sure. So, the thing is, he, umm...
Student: Everytime we go on a date, he wants to do it afterward.
Meguru, Tsumugi, Touko: ...What?
Nene: ...Umm, sorry, but it's not anything like him acting distant, or cheating on you, or anything similar?
Student: No, not at all! Maa-kun is so nice to me!
Student: He treats me well, so I don't have any problems with that. But, well... Whenever it's date day, he always gets horny at the end and wants to have sex.
Student: Do you think he really loves me?! I'm worried he might just be dating me for my sexy, bodacious body!
Meguru: ...Why does she feel the need to add like two to three adjectives everytime she mentions her body. 
Shuuji: Hey, they're all accurate. 
Meguru: Kgh...!!
Tsumugi: So, uh... Could you possibly tell us why you decided to come to us of all people for this problem of yours? 
Student: Huh? Well, I heard I could get advice from Ayachi-san and Togakushi-senpai here. 
Student: And both of them seem super experienced with stuff like this. I figured they'd have an answer for me in no time.
Touko: I appreciate the compliment, but I don't know what to tell you. I don't have a lick of experience in that department.
Student: Wow, really? I guess that just means you're so charming that you've never had any reason to doubt the guys you've been with! Amazing!!
Touko: No, that's not what I meant! I've never actually had a boyfriend. 
Student: What?! That's so unexpected!!
Touko: Well, I didn't have time for boys. I was always too busy with my Student Council work. Well, what about you, Ayachi-san?
Nene: I-I wouldn't be able to help with that either! Like, at all.
Nene: Besides... I'm not one to look up to when it comes to romance. I'm even having related problems myself right now... Ah, err, forget I said that.
Tsumugi: Yeah, I don't think I'd be much help either. 
*So where does that leave us, then...?*
Meguru: Sooo... I guess we'll just have to hope Hoshina-senpai has some clever idea for her. 
Shuuji: Huh? Me?
Meguru: Yeah, you. None of us girls have any relationship experience, so our only option is to hear from the other side. 
Shuuji: ...I guess that's the logical conclusion.
*But I'm in a room full of girls here! Say one wrong thing and I might ruin their opinion of me...!*
Student: So do you have any thoughts? As a guy, do you think wanting sex so often is normal in a relationship?
*God dammit, why does she have to throw this kind of question at me!*
Shuuji: Errr, so, uhhhhh...
Shuuji: Would he be after you so badly if he didn't love you?
Student: Well, I've had previous boyfriends who wanted to do it all the time too, and it turned out they were only in it for the sex!!
Shuuji: Man, what the hell do I know!!
*I've never even had sex, nor gotten close to! What the hell kind of advice does she want me to give?! This is impossible!*
*And if I wanted to lie, and pretend I'm experienced with women, that wouldn't fly well. I feel like she'd see through right away...*
Shuuji: Well, I think it's a little rash to assume he's only after your body because he wants to have sex often.
Shuuji: You mentioned you were going on dates. Are those proper dates?
Shuuji: You do actual things, right? Not just, like... go straight to a love hotel, or wherever the spot is... and start going at it. 
Student: Oh, of course we do! Maa-kun is so sweet, so we always go where I want to.
Shuuji: He seems to be a fairly considerate guy, so I'd say he does love you. 
Shuuji: It's hard for me to really determine anything more, since that depends on what kind of guy he is. 
Student: Would you like to meet him, then? I really want to hear your opinion after you get to know him!! 
Shuuji: %130;Are you serious?!
Student: If you don't want to... I could have someone else from here do it. 
Touko: I'm not sure that'd be a good idea. It might be best for a guy to evaluate him.
Touko: If he was surrounded by girls, he might be too nervous to say anything. He'd probably feel more comfortable sharing his feelings with another guy. 
Meguru: You have a point. Would be a problem if he entered defense mode.
Tsumugi: I don't anyone's asked this, but does your boyfriend go here too?
Student: Yeah, he does! He's a first-year like me, but we're in different classes. His name is Mikawa Masahiro.
Meguru: Mikawa-kun? Wow... Talk about unexpected...
Nene: Do you know him, Inaba-san?
Meguru: Yup. He's in my class. He's cute and has a baby face, like she described, but wow... He's the last person I'd expect to be out having sex... Guess you really can't judge people by appearances.
Student: Oh, let me tell you! He's cute as a button, but boy does he fuck like a tiger. Three rounds is his bare minimum, plus his dick is super thick. I almost pass out just from―
Meguru: T-T-T-T-T-T-Too much information!!
Student: Oh, sorry. I thought you were curious. 
*...Man, does this girl know what the concept of shame is? *
*Or maybe it's just that people who have a lot of sex like her are more comfortable with the subject...?*
Student: So, umm, you guys can meet Maa-kun today if you want... We were going to go home together like we always do, so he should be waiting for me. 
Shuuji: Hmmm... To be honest, I don't think we should keep a more distanced role in this. 
Shuuji: I mean, some people probably wouldn't take too kindly to their girlfriend disclosing such personal information. 
Student: He wouldn't do that! Maa-kun is the nicest person ever!
Meguru: He's quite the mild-mannered guy, so I'd say there's not much chance of him blowing up on her.
Shuuji: ......
*I mean, sure... But we're talking about his sex life here. Is that really the kind of thing you'd be comfortable talking to complete strangers about? *
Student: Please talk to him, Senpai! Just as least hear his side of the story!
Shuuji: Mh, mhhh...
Shuuji: I guess I can do that. 
Student: Woohoo! Thanks, Senpai!!
Student: So can we go get him right now?
Shuuji: I don't see much point in putting it off, so sure.
Nene: I'm sorry. We kind of shoved the responsibility all onto you. 
Shuuji: That's fine. I'm an OC member myself, so I'm plenty capable.
Shuuji: Well, I'll be back in a bit. See you guys later. 
Nene: Okay.
Tsumugi: We'll be here when you get back.
Touko: Have fun!
*As everyone gives me their goodbyes, I leave the clubroom alongside our busty, sexy underclassman. *
Meguru: ...He's gone.
Touko: Yep, he sure is. 
Tsumugi: We didn't plan for it to go like this, but it works out perfectly. 
Nene: What do you mean? 
Meguru, Tsumugi, Touko: *stare*
Nene: ......? Um? What is it? Why are you... staring at me like that?
Touko: *cough* So... Acting as the representative, I'd like to ask the burning question that's been on everyone's mind. 
Nene: What would that be?
Touko: Did something happen between you and Hoshina-kun?
Nene: Huh―――
Nene: N-No, of course not!
Meguru: Wow, her face is redder than red!
Touko: Weeell, it's a little hard for us to believe you when you get so defensive over it. Way too suspicious.
Nene: S-Suspicious? What is there to suspect?
Tsumugi: Well... I think that's pretty obvious.
Touko: You're going out, aren't you?
Nene: We aren't going out yet!
Touko: Not "yet"?
Nene: Ah...! Urk...
Meguru: Still, you two've been acting pretty out of whack lately. You'll gaze at each other, then start blushing and get embarrassed. 
Touko: That definitely wasn't happening before. 
Tsumugi: And the way you two left the classroom together during lunch break today was really suspect. I'm guessing you ate together, didn't you? 
Nene: Well... That is the truth. I made lunch for Hoshina-kun and we ate together today.
Meguru, Tsumugi, Touko: Ohhh!!
Nene: We aren't dating, though. And I'm not lying.
Tsumugi: But it's just a matter of time, right? 
Touko: There was another thing that caught my attention: you mentioned having a problem on your hands.
Meguru: Oh, is there some kinda secret keeping you from going out?
Nene: Nothing that you can really call that. It's just, well...
Meguru: Uh-huh?
Tsumugi: Ayachi-san?
Touko: Listen. We're not asking you all this stuff because we want to tease you over it. Just relax.
Touko: If your relationship changes, that's something we need to know. We don't want to do anything inconsiderate or rude by accident. 
Meguru: Yep, don't wanna be the annoying third-wheel.
Tsumugi: And if you are, that's something to celebrate. We'd wanna congratulate you. 
Touko: After careful observation, I do feel that you two don't quite seem like a couple. And then there was also what you just said.
Touko: If anything's troubling you, we're always here to help. 
Meguru: I promise we aren't just asking to be nosy. But if you want us to stay out of things, you can just tell us upfront.
Tsumugi: Yeah. We wouldn't things to get awkward between you two because of us being big blabbermouths. 
Nene: N-No, I don't think of you all like that one bit. I'm thankful for your support.
Nene: ......
Nene: ...So, then, umm... Could we talk about it right now?
Touko: Absolutely!
Meguru: Go right ahead!
Tsumugi: I've always wanted to help a friend with their love life. Man, this is so cool.
Tsumugi: Oh, but I don't mean I'm gonna treat this like a game or anything. I'm in 100\% serious-mode right now.
Meguru: So then, tell us, Nene-senpai? What's got you so troubled?
Nene: Well, essentially, this is the story.
Nene: So that's where things are right now. I have Hoshina-kun waiting on my answer.
Meguru: So you're evaluating your feelings. Okay. 
Touko: And I'm assuming this confirmation isn't specifically about how you feel about him, but whether or not those feelings themselves are love?
Nene: ...Yes. That's right.
Touko: Hmm... So could you maybe try putting those feelings into words, so we can get a general idea of what we're working with?
Nene: Umm... umm... That's quite the difficult thing to ask.
Nene: Well, um... I really enjoy things whenever I'm with him. It's completely different from, say, the enjoyment you get from reading a book... I want him to feel the exact same joy that I do.
Nene: I had so much fun preparing lunch for him this morning because of that. It was such a strange, foreign feeling... And when he told me how much he liked it, I felt so awfully happy...
Meguru: But still, he was the one who actually confessed to you... Well, I guess I could see it.  
Touko: He can be surprisingly brave when he wants to.
Nene: A-Anyhow, that's about all I can say to describe my feelings... I don't know what else I could say...
Tsumugi: Well, I don't there's anything else you need to say...
Meguru: It seems pretty darn clear that you're in love with him.
Touko: Hey now. That's for her to decide, you two. Don't tell her how she feels.
Meguru: Okay, I'm sorry. But, I guess my point is... Is there anything beyond that you can even confirm?
Nene: Well, I want to calm down before I make any sort of judgment. The only problem is, the more I think about him, the more restless I get... Which is why yesterday, I spent the whole night...
Tsumugi: Doing what? 
Nene: N-Nothing. I just had trouble falling asleep.
Tsumugi: Oh, really...?
Nene: It makes no sense, does it? I know what I'm doing to him is incredibly rude and disrespectful. 
Nene: But still, I just feel so unsure about giving an answer on impulse. I really want to arrive at my answer soon, but I don't know if that's a bad thing...
Nene: The girl who just came in, she was having worries that her boyfriend might only be dating her because of her physical appearance. I'm scared of possibly having doubts like those later on if I say yes now. 
Tsumugi: You know... I sort of understand where you're coming from.
Tsumugi: Entering into a relationship is a big, big deal to both you and the other person. So, if you think about it like that, wouldn't giving them an answer without proper consideration be kinda rude?
Tsumugi: Besides, she's spent all this time listening to other people's relationship woes, so she's probably got those in the back of her mind.
Meguru: Very true. I can imagine becoming a bit hesitant after hearing so many negative stories. 
Tsumugi: There's no take-backs either. Once you give your answer, that's that. So it's probably only natural to want to be careful.
Nene: Whenever I think about him, my mind starts burning up like it's on fire... I almost don't feel like myself anymore...
Nene: I lose control, then feel a mountain of regret afterward. I'm worried that him finding out about that side of me might change his feelings for me.
Touko: I can understand wanting to be careful about it... But, you know, overthinking it can be bad. 
Touko: At least in my opinion, feelings naturally change over time. There's nothing we can do about it. 
Nene: So you think it's entirely unavoidable?
Touko: You seem to only be thinking about the more negative changes, but falling in love itself is a change of feeling too, no? 
Touko: One person confesses to another, they go out, then they get married, and later on have children... There are changes in feelings in every step of the way. I just don't think you need to think of change is something that's only negative. 
Touko: I mean, it's not like I don't understand where you're coming from. People break out of relationships all the time after learning something they didn't know before about their partner.
Touko: But don't you think if you keep doubting your feelings like you have been, they might dull, and eventually fade away...? It seems possible to me. 
Nene: Well...
Touko: I'm not trying to blame you or anything. Thinking things through, and being cautious are both good things, but there's a saying that says "too much of something can be bad." 
Touko: I think that overthinking someone could lead you to make a decision you regret later on. I don't want that to happen to you. 
Nene: ...Togakushi-senpai.
Touko: Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think you already know what your answer is deep down. 
Nene: Well, that's... umm...
Touko: Your feelings are really powerful, and you didn't realize them until they were that strong. I think what you're really afraid of more than anything is change. 
Meguru: Hey, that's nothing to be afraid of. Have some confidence, Nene-senpai!
Tsumugi: I can tell that Hoshina-kun truly loves you. That's why he's being so considerate and understanding of your worries and hesitance. 
Nene: ......
Touko: We're not trying to sway your mind one way or the other. Well, I guess we technically have. But what's been said can't be unsaid, so... Just one final word of advice, if I may.
Touko: Like I said a little bit ago, feelings change, and we can't help that. But isn't that exactly why people work so hard to keep that person loving you? 
Meguru: What? Doesn't that kinda sound like you're forcing them to stay?
Touko: No, I wasn't quite saying that. I'm saying you do things so that their love for you keeps growing... Though, of course, that doesn't mean you do everything they say.
Touko: Considering your partner's feelings and needs, making sure they stay attracted to you... Things like that.
Touko: Of course, that goes for both parties in a relationship. Each has to work just as hard as the other. You remember how Ayachi-san said she wanted Hoshina-kun to have fun when she does? That's it. 
Touko: It's important that they each feel this way about the other. In my opinion, that's what holds a relationship together... So, Ayachi-san, does that help any? 
Meguru, Tsumugi: Ohh...
Meguru: You're so cool, Senpai! I wanna go to you for advice now!
Tsumugi: You seem so mature and wise now!
Touko: ...Hmm? Only now I do?
Meguru: Huh? Oh no, I wasn't trying to say anything bad about you...
Tsumugi: Y-Yeah. We weren't implying anything bad. Swear.  
Touko: Oh, don't worry, I won't get mad. You can be honest with me. 
Meguru: People ALWAYS get mad after they say that!
Touko: Would you like to come over here with me for a second, girls? I think we need have a teensy tiny little chat.
Meguru, Tsumugi: Eeek!
Nene: ...Putting in hard work so that the other person doesn't fall out of love with you... Is that something I'm capable of?
Nene: (I mean, I've become a dirty, nasty perverted girl now... I spent the entirety of last night touching myself, for crying out loud.)
Nene: (Would Hoshina-kun still love me if he knew what a foul pervert I was?)
Nene: (Anyone would be grossed out by a girl who stays up all night masturbating for hours on end...)
Nene: (I need to learn to control my urges if I want him to love me... Except I don't think I can.)
Nene: (But I don't want him to leave me. I want to do things with him, and have fun with him...)
Nene: Nghh―――!
Meguru: Hm? Everything okay, Nene-senpai?
Nene: Ah, yes, my body just feels a little... Ah, mh, mhhh... *pant* *pant*...
Touko: What's wrong? You look like you're in pain... Want me to take you to the nurse's office?
Nene: I-I'm fine! Ah, no, sorry, I take that back... Ah, mhhh, fuh, fuuuh... fuuuh...
Tsumugi: Are you alright? You said you stayed up the whole night last night... Do you want to go home and get some rest? 
Meguru: Go ahead, Nene-senpai. We'll handle things here! And if anyone comes in, we won't do anything to tarnish the club's good name. 
Nene: Mh, mhhh... fuuh, fuuh... C-Could I go ahead and go home, then? This is a bit hard to take... mhhh.
Touko: Of course you can. Actually, I'm a little worried leaving you on your own. Want me to take you home?
Nene: N-No. I'll be just fine by myself! If anything... I need to be alone... hgh, mh... *pant* *pant*...
Tsumugi: Are you really sure you'll be alright? I'm worried about...
Nene: I-I'm all, right. This isn't any form of sickness, it's just, the you-know-what...
Tsumugi: What...? Oh gosh, you don't mean THAT, do you?!
Nene: Y-Yes... It happened, after I started thinking about Hoshina-kun... Ah *pant* *pant*... mhhh... fuuuh...
Tsumugi: Well, that sucks. Just leave things here to us and go do what you need to do.
Nene: Oh, and if it becomes possible to retrieve fragments from the girl who came in, you can have them.
Tsumugi: Are you sure?
Nene: Sure, don't worry about it. *pant*... *pant*... I'm not in any condition to retrieve any myself... I need to be alone more than anything...
Tsumugi: Okay, thanks.
Nene: W-Well then, everyone... ah, mhh... I'll, see you all tomorrow... mhh.
Touko: Are you really sure you don't want help?
Nene: I'll be alright... Also, I'll take some time to think through what you said to me, mhh, mh, fuu... ahh... G-Goodbye.
Touko: Alright, goodbye. Get some rest.
Meguru: I'll text you later. 
Tsumugi: Bye, Ayachi-san.
Shuuji: Hey, everyone. I'm back.
Meguru: Oh, hey! Welcome back!
Touko: Seems like it didn't take you too long, at least.
Tsumugi: So how'd it go with the boyfriend, Maa-kun or whatever his name was?
Shuuji: Yeah, well... The kid has balls, I'll say that.
Shuuji: He apparently thought his girlfriend was cheating on him with me, so when he saw me, he straight-up grabbed me by my collar and started shouting at me...
Meguru: What?! Mikawa-kun did THAT?!
Shuuji: Yeah, he sure did. I definitely agree that he has a baby-face, but boy, those roars scared the pants off me...
Shuuji: I still remember what he said to me when I walked up with his girlfriend. 
Mikawa: "Who the fuck you think you are, shithead?! If you don't get your grubby hands off my girl I'm gonna ram my hand so far up your asshole you get brain damage, motherfucker!!"
Shuuji: Man, I thought I'd run into a member of the mafia or something. I was seriously scared for my life. 
Touko: Don't worry. You're okay now. 
Meguru: I just can't even picture him doing something like that. I always took him for one of those quiet guys based on how he acts in class. 
Shuuji: He nearly slugged me in the face too. 
Tsumugi: A-Are you okay? 
Shuuji: Well, I made sure things didn't escalate to a fight, so I came out alright.
Touko: What about the girl? She didn't stop him?
Shuuji: Yeah, about that...
Student: "Someone as sweet and gentle as Maa-kun is getting that mad for me? Oh my gosh, he must love me so much!!"
Shuuji: She was just standing on the sidelines smiling to herself.
Shuuji: So what ultimately happened was they told each other how they felt about the other, said they'd never leave each other, yada yada. Then, after that, they embraced and started snogging.
Shuuji: Almost made me feel like this whole thing was just an elaborate ploy to make me jealous... My mind is just so done with things right now *sigh*...
Touko: Goodness, that sounds like an awful experience. My condolences.
Shuuji: Well, it wasn't too bad. But anyways...
Shuuji: Where's Ayachi-san?
Touko: Mufu. Do you want to know?
Shuuji: Well, yeah, anyone would be curious. Did she step out to go do something, or what? 
Touko: Nope. Unfortunately she wasn't feeling too well, so she went home. 
Shuuji: Did she go home by herself?
Meguru: Yeah. We were worried too, but she insisted on going alone. 
Tsumugi: Hey, hey. Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Huh? Ohh yeah, the fragments? I'd say there's a good chance you'll be able to get some. Maybe from Mikawa-kun, too. They should be in their classroom right now still.
Tsumugi: Oh, okay, thanks. I'll go and check later. But no, I was wanting to tell you something concerning Ayachi-san. 
Tsumugi: It seemed like she got one of those fits or whatever. She looked pretty in pain. 
Shuuji: Oh, so that explains why she didn't want anyone coming with her. 
Tsumugi: Yeah. But... She said something else.
Shuuji: ...What was that?
Tsumugi: Can't tell!
Shuuji: ......?
*The heck was that? Wait, actually―*
Meguru, Tsumugi, Touko: *stare*
*They're REALLY staring at me. *
*But those aren't the usual looks of suspicion they've been giving me lately... What's got the girls so excited...?*
Shuuji: Umm, do you need something?
Touko: No, siree.
Meguru: Don't worry about us.
Tsumugi: Yep. Just ignore us.
Touko: Alright. It's getting a little dark out, so what do you kids say we call it a day? 
Meguru: Sure thing!
Tsumugi: Yeah, let's definitely do that. 
Shuuji: ......
*They're being weird. Really weird. *
*Did they notice what's going on between me and Ayachi-san? Hmm, but then why aren't they asking any questions...*
Shuuji: Well, if we're done, I guess I'll go ahead and go. 
Touko: Bye! We'll make sure to lock up.
Meguru: Good lu―Ahem. Catch ya later, Senpai!
Tsumugi: Bye!
Shuuji: ...Yeah, see you girls later. 
Shuuji: Is Ayachi-san really alright?
*If Shiiba-san is right, she's having one of her sexual fits. *
*...I'm worried.*
*Maybe it's because she left while I was gone... But I just can't get it off my mind.*
Shuuji: Going to check on someone you're worried about is perfectly normal, right? 
Shuuji: Yeah, totally. Nothing wrong with that, and it should be allowed under her rules... Okay, let's go!
*Standing around here worrying won't do a damn thing, so I might as well just do it! *
*After leaving school, I head straight for Ayachi-san's apartment. Once there, I punch in the number of her apartment.*
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: ...Weird. She's not answering. Last time she answered immediately... Oh, wait, shit. I didn't give her a heads up.
*Was it really a wise idea to just waltz over to a girl's home?*
*I wanted to see her so bed the thought just completely slipped my mind... But even so, she's taking unusually long to answer. *
Shuuji: Maybe she's in some situation where she can't answer? 
Shuuji: Guess I'll give her a call.
*I really should've done this before coming. *
*After taking out my phone and dialing her number, I finally hear Ayachi-san's voice on the other side of the phone only moments later.*
Nene: "...Hello?"
Shuuji: Ayachi-san? Hey, it's me, Hoshina. Are you alright? The others said you weren't feeling too well and left, so I was worried.
Nene: "O-Oh no, it's no sickness. It's just, well, the you-know-what..."
Shuuji: Yeah? Well, if it's just that...
Nene: "Don't worry, I'll be fine. Also, I apologize for leaving without texting you or anything."
Nene: "......"
Shuuji: ......
*Complete silence. I guess it really isn't acceptable to just... show up at the house of a girl who's living alone and ask to be let in. *
*And on top of that, she's still trying to figure out what she thinks about me. *
Shuuji: Sorry, I know this was a little too sudden. Hope you feel better, then. I'll see you―
Nene: "Ah, wait a moment. W-Would you care to... come inside?"
Shuuji: Huh? Umm... C-Can I?
Nene: "Sure. There's something I need to tell you, anyways."
Shuuji: Um, hi.
Nene: Come on in.
*The moment I enter the room, I sense a rich, sweet aroma hanging in the air.*
*I almost ask myself whether it's the scent of something, but I immediately remember. This is the smell associated with Ayachi-san's arousal.*
*Seeing that she's still wearing her uniform, maybe she hasn't been able to do "the thing" yet? *
Shuuji: ...Umm, have you not settled down yet? If you want, I could leave, or come back later...
Nene: N-No, you don't have to. I doubt I'll be able to settle down at the moment no matter what I do.
Nene: More importantly, there's something I need to tell you. 
Shuuji: O-Okay!
*Something she wants to tell me... It can only be one thing: the whole confirming her feelings things.*
*What else would make her look at me with such a serious expression?*
Shuuji: ...So, um, what do you need to tell me?
*I automatically straighten my posture, and turn towards Ayachi-san.*
Nene: Well, you see, I was wanting to talk about the matter with my feelings...
Shuuji: Right. 
Nene: I've been thinking about things since yesterday... nonstop. Thinking about you. I told myself I needed to have a calm mind before I decided, so I could give you an answer I knew was true to myself.
Nene: But it hasn't been working. And... I don't think it will anytime soon. I might not be able to give you an answer.
Shuuji: Wh-Why not?
Nene: Well... Whenever I think about you, my body starts burning up, and my brain stops working. There's no way I can think calmly like that.
Nene: And without a calm mind, I can't give my feelings a proper assessment... I was agonizing over that when Togakushi-senpai said something to me.
Nene: She told me that it requires constant effort from both parties for love to work. 
Shuuji: ...She said something like that?
*She's normally a pretty easygoing person, but I guess she isn't older than us for nothing.*
Nene: Things can't stay the same forever, and I know that full-well. After all, "love" can take as many different forms as there are people in the world. 
Shuuji: Ayachi-san...
*She might've been referring to her own love for her family with that. *
*Maybe she's found some sort of emotional compromise, or arrived at some conclusion. I no longer sense any worry or unease from her.*
Nene: So... I have to agree with what she said. I believe that constant effort is the most important thing when it comes to love. 
Shuuji: Are you saying...
Nene: R-Right, so umm, err, I, I-I-I-I-I-I-I―
Shuuji: Just take a deep breath and calm down. You don't need to rush yourself. 
Shuuji: I was prepared for it to take longer anyway, so you can take all the time you need to tell me. I won't be going anywhere. 
Shuuji: Until you get out the words you need to tell me―not until that's over with will I leave.
Nene: O-Okay...
*She takes a deep breath, then slowly talks on after fixating her gaze on me.*
Nene: ...Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Mhm.
Nene: I... I love you. I'm madly in love with you, like you are with me. So much so that I spend every hour of the day thinking about nothing but you!
Nene: So I'd also, um... like to go out with you if possible.
Shuuji: Of course. I love you t―
Nene: W-Wait! That wasn't all!
Shuuji: Oh. There's more?
Nene: I know that you say you love me, but there's something about myself I still haven't told you.
Nene: I don't want you to discover it later and hate me for it, so I'll go ahead and inform you now, beforehand.
*Wh-What is it? She's talking this up so much that I'm getting scared, or more honestly... nervous. *
Shuuji: H-Hold on one second.
*Foo... haa... foo... haa...*
*I take two deep breathes, then look back at Ayachi-san, ready. *
Shuuji: Okay... You can go. 
Shuuji: Tell me this thing about you I don't know.
Nene: The truth is, umm... I-I'm a dirty, perverted girl! 
Shuuji: .........
Shuuji: Um... That was it?
Nene: Yes... So then? Do you hate me now?
Shuuji: Look, I already told you I'm not concerned about your involuntary arousal.
Shuuji: Heck, we became friends in the first place after I saw you, um, y'know... getting frisky with that table in the library. 
Nene: Well, yes... I-I know about that, but that's only beginning... It goes much deeper.
Nene: L-Last night, for instance, I... I even spend the entire night masturbating!
Shuuji: Umm, I don't know how to break this to you... But I know that.
Nene: WHAH?!
Shuuji: It was more than obvious from what you said this morning. 
Nene: S-Say it isn't so...
Nene: ...Why me. Why... The person I love always thought of me as some depraved girl who masturbates nonstop... Please, just kill me now... Death is the only way out... Someone give me a noose...!
Shuuji: Stop jumping to extremes so much! Just take a deep breath, alright! I've probably said this a million times by now, but something like that won't change the way I feel about you. 
Nene: Y-You mean it...?
Shuuji: Absolutely. I love you, Ayachi-san.
Nene: Ah―――!
Shuuji: I'm deeply and madly in love with you. 
Nene: ~~~~~~!
Nene: A-Are you sure about this? You don't think it's weird, or disgusting? You don't think I'm... perverted? 
Shuuji: Of course I―
Shuuji: Um, totally... don't think that.
*I can't tell her that I've secretly been calling her the masturbating master. *
Nene: You're lying! Your eyes are saying the exact opposite of your lips! Just say it, I know you think I'm dirty...
Shuuji: No, just listen. Even if I thought that, I don't see anything wrong with it. 
Nene: Then... You'll love me even if I can't stop touching myself?
Shuuji: That doesn't make a single difference to me. 
Shuuji: I'm head over heels for you. Every single thing about you sparkles in my eyes. I know you might not like me saying this―
Shuuji: But even your naughty side makes up the Ayachi-san I know and love. 
Shuuji: I love you. You're the most charming and wonderful girl in existence. 
Nene: Ah―――!
Shuuji: The Ayachi-san that masturbates, the Ayachi-san that feels embarrassed that she does, and every other side of you. I love them all equally. 
Shuuji: And even if someday you fulfill your wish and no longer have to masturbate, I'll still love you just as much. I promise you that. 
Nene: But... W-Would you still love... a-a girl who gets wet... just from talking to the person she loves?
Shuuji: Sure, of co―
Shuuji: Wait, did you say wet...? Y-You're, like, WET?
Nene: Yes... I am... The arousal won't go away... urk... Do you still want to go out with... such an irredeemable pervert? 
Shuuji: I love you.
*That's the one thing I can say with confidence.*
Shuuji: I love you, Ayachi-san.
Shuuji: I mean, that's just from your contract. It's not like you get like that normally.
Shuuji: Like I just said, I love everything about you. No matter what gets you wet.
Nene: ...Stop.
Shuuji: Ayachi-san, I love you more than anything. So, I'll ask you again: will you go out me...?
Nene: You can't say that.
Shuuji: Why not?
Nene: Whenever you... tell me you love me, my heart goes crazy, my body starts burning up, and I... I get turned on.
Nene: My arousal won't go away... Yet you're still fine with someone as filthy and sexual as me? You're really, honestly sure?
Shuuji: I love you for who you are, Ayachi-san. 
Nene: Nghhh~~~~~~ Hoshina-kun!!
*Ayachi-san leaps into my arms, her face red as a beet.*
*On second thought, it might be more apt to say she threw herself into my arms. That's how much sheer force she put in it.*
Shuuji: Aah?! A-Ayachi-san, what are you―?!
*Due to the abruptness of it, I wasn't able to support her, thus falling over backwards.*
Nene: I love you. I love you too. I love you so much...! Please take me as your girlfriend.
Shuuji: I love you just as much. I know I wasn't born a normal person, with my ability... But I want to ask you, too. Will you please take me as your boyfriend? 
Nene: Yes... of course I will... I'm so, so happy right now, you have no idea...
Shuuji: Me too. But there's no need to rush into anything, so let's just slow down and take a deep breath, okay? 
*I feel her shaking, so I gently stroke her back, trying to help her calm down.*
*But that does no good at all.*
Nene: You're asking for the impossible. I... can't calm down right now.
Shuuji: Huh?
Nene: I'm in the same room as the person I love... And, besides that, I've been feeling hot and bothered since before you came. I've been like this the whole day.
Nene: I was already feeling quite different, but when you told me you loved me, my heart thumped and my body temperature soared...
Nene: It took every bit of self-restraint I had in my body to keep my urges in check. But then you just kept telling me you loved me, over and over again... I can't hold back any longer!
Shuuji: ...Ayachi-san.
Nene: In all truthfulness... It's been a constant battle ever since you confessed to me. If I let my focus slip for just one moment, I'd immediately want to start touching myself down there...
Nene: I can't do it, not anymore. I can't control myself... So I need to apologize to you in advance. I'm sorry!
Shuuji: ―――?!?!?!
*Her pretty, pink lips overlap with mine the very next moment.*
Nene: Mh *kiss* mh... mhh... mh *kiss* *kiss* *kiss*...!
Shuuji: Mhh, mh, mhhh?!
*Her adorable, beautiful face is mere centimeters away from mine. *
*It may be due to the involuntary arousal, but her expression is ridden with ecstasy, as she greedily kisses me, face bright red. *
*Wait, we're totally kissing!! This is my first kiss?!*
Nene: *kiss* mhh... mh, fuu... *kiss* *kiss* mh, mmmh!
Shuuji: Mhhhhhh?!
*It happened all too suddenly, so I reflexively try to pull back my head, but my position on her sofa limits that.*
*Even if I could, though, Ayachi-san's forceful hold on my mouth wouldn't let me move an inch. *
Nene: Mh, mhh, fuuh... mhh *smooch* *kiss* *kiss*... mh, fuh, mh, mhh...!
*It's hard to breathe, but I can't possibly push her away... Well, I'd have to be quite the guy to push away my crush when she's kissing me. *
*Instead of pulling away, I decide to indulge in her lips with the same passion and vigor she's doing to mine.*
Nene: Mh?! Mh, mh, mhhh... *smooch* mh *smooch* *smack*... *kiss*
Shuuji: Mh *kiss* *kiss* *kiss*
*It seemed to startle her there for a moment, but she quickly responds by upping the intensity as if this is some sort of competition.*
*Oh, shit... My mouth is filled up with saliva. Some of it's gonna come dripping out, at this rate. *
*I wonder if she's having the same thought. She's desperately overlapping her lips with mine, as if to prevent that from happening.*
Nene: Mh, mmmh... *kiss* *smooch*... mhh *smooch*... *smooch*
*Holy hell... Something smells wonderful.*
*It's not quite the sweet smell of her arousal... Is it her own natural body odor, perhaps? *
*That addictive smell, coupled with the sensation of her sweet, oh-so-soft lips, causes the strength to leave my body. My mind shuts down... I can't think anymore. *
*But one thing I can tell with certainty. *
Nene: *kiss* *kiss* Mhh, mh, fuuh... mh, mhhhh... mmh!
*This kiss is out of this world. *
*It feels so great, I'm getting horny... I want to feel more. *
*I give in to that urge without resistance, and stick my tongue into her mouth. *
Nene: Ah!! Mh, mhh... mh, fuu... mhh *smooch* *kiss* *slurp* *slurp*
*Her body jolts for a brief second, but she doesn't pull away.*
Nene: Mhh... mh *slurp*... mh *kiss* *smack* *kiss*... *smooch* mh *slurp*...
Shuuji: *slurp* Mhh, Ayachi, san... *slurp* *smack*
Nene: Mhh *kiss* *smooch* *slurp*... I love you, I love you so much... More *kiss* *smooch*... mh, fuu, fuu... *slurp*
Nene: Mhhh *sluurp*... nmh *suck*... *lick* *lick* I'm sorry, I'm sorry for being such a dirty girl... but, I just love you so much... *smooch* mh, mhh!
Shuuji: I love you too *kiss* *smooch* mhhh!
*Our tongues, drenched with saliva, entwine.*
*It feels so soft and so hot... Whenever Ayachi-san's tongue stimulates me, it's as though she's running her fingers across every inch of my body. *
Nene: Mh, fuuu... *slurp* *suuuck*... *lick* *lick* *lick* *lick*... *smooch* *smooch*... mh *smack*
*Drool spills out from both of our mouths, dirtying our mouths and our chins. *
*It's like the filthy, slopping sound of our kiss is echoing directly in my head... It's seriously hot.*
*I don't think my lack of oxygen is the only reason my head is starting to feel fuzzy.*
*But... I think, I really need some, air... like fast.*
Shuuji: Mh, mmmh!!
Nene: Mhhhhh―Puaah *paaant*... *paaant*...
*Our lips finally part. But an alluring string of saliva still connects our mouths, as if symbolizing our reluctance to stop. *
Shuuji: *pant*... *pant*...
Nene: *pant*... *pant*...
Nene: Kissing is so... absolutely incredible. I never imagined it could feel this great.
Shuuji: Same here. I didn't think kissing could make me feel so hot... That was one heck of a kiss to have as my first. 
*It made me so horny, any nervousness I had was nothing but an afterthought. *
Nene: I-I'm sorry... I just couldn't hold back.
Shuuji: No worries, I didn't mind... Heck, I loved kissing you.
Nene: I-I don't know how to feel about receiving that as a compliment.
Shuuji: Oh, did you not like it? 
Nene: I... d-did, like it. I'd like to kiss you again. 
Shuuji: Well... Shall we, then?
Nene: Um... ah... ngh... Yes. I do want to, but... You're such a meanie for asking that as a question.
*Right as I smile at her in embarrassment, she presses her lips against mine once more. *
Nene: Mh, mhh, I hate it. I hate it, when you tease me like that... *kiss* *kiss*... mh *smooch*... *smooch* *smack* aah, I can't stand it... mmmh *sluurp*
*But despite all the complaints coming out of her mouth, she can't stop kissing me.  *
*She uses her lips to softly bite mine, to latch onto them, lick them, rub them, and suck on them as I suck on hers.*
Nene: *lick* *lick* *smack* *smack*... Mhh *slurp* *suck* *lick* mhh, mh, fuuh... How are kisses this amazing... This feels so good... mhh *slurp* *slurp*
*We entwine our tongues forcefully, feverishly seeking out the other's saliva.*
*I can keenly smell Ayachi-san from all her sweet, and it's driving me crazy. *
*She gazes at me with raptured eyes, her mind focused on one thing only: indulging in my lips.  *
*Jesus... She's being so ridiculously aggressive. I can't imagine how shocked people from school would be if they know she could be this sexual. *
*Of course, the involuntary arousal plays a significant role in it... But I want to believe this lust I'm seeing is because she's so crazy for me. That thought only turns me on further. *
*I've already gotten to the point where I can feel my junk pressing up against my pants.*
Nene: Mhh *slurp* *smack* *suck*... *slurp* *smooch* *smooch*... mhh *smack* *slurp* *lick*
Shuuji: I love you... mhh, I love you so much... mhh *slurp* *smack* *smooch*
Nene: *lick* *lick*... Mhhh, I love you too, I love you so, so much... *smooch* *lick* *lick* *lick* *smack* *suck* *suuuck*... mhh, mh, fuuh... mhh, fuuh...
Nene: Mh, mhhhhh... Puaah *paaaaant*... *paaant*... *paaant*...
Shuuji: *pant*... *pant*...
Shuuji: Has it calmed down any? 
Nene: E-Er... It hasn't. Not even slightly. My body is only getting hotter, and hotter... S-So, er, I was going to say... U-Umm, umm―
*Ayachi-san is acting all bashful with a bright red face.*
*I then confront her with my desire ahead of her.*
Shuuji: Sorry, Ayachi-san, but can we go all the way? I know it's a big request, but I don't think I can stop myself. 
Nene: ......
Nene: Please... I want you to ravage me senseless. 
Shuuji: ―――!
*Any remaining self-restraint I had in me was killed the second she whispered that in my ear. *
Shuuji: Ayachi-san―
Shuuji: ―Mh *kiss* *smooch* *smooch* mhh...
Nene: Mhhh *kiss* *smooch*... *slurp*... *lick* *lick*... *smack* *smack* *smooch* *smooch*... mhhh.
*I wrap my arms around her strongly and forcefully, pull her into me, and continue to kiss her aggressively.*
================================================================================
Shuuji: Um, so yeah...
Nene: Many things happened yesterday, but well... To cut a long story short, we've officially started dating. 
Meguru, Tsumugi: "Ohhh!"
Touko: Congrats, congrats~ I'm happy everything worked out.
Nene: Thank you for the advice you gave me. 
Touko: Oh, any day. I didn't even say anything special, really. You're the one who got yourself to this stage. 
Nene: I want to do everything I can to ensure our love stays strong. 
Touko: Good! I hope you two stay together. 
Touko: And that applies to you too, Hoshina-kun. No slacking now that you're an item. It takes two to tango, okay? 
Shuuji: Yeah, of course.
Meguru: Congratulations, you guys!
Tsumugi: Yeah, congrats!
Nene: Th-Thank you...
Meguru: And you, mister. You better not make such a nice girl like her cry, or you'll regret it. 
Shuuji: Oh, I know. I won't. 
Tsumugi: I have to say, it's so relieving seeing you two together and happy now. 
Shuuji: Were we worrying you guys that much?
Tsumugi: It wasn't too serious, but well... It was a teensy bit worrying with everything that was going on.
Tsumugi: I feel so much better seeing you guys smiling now!
Shuuji: Sorry we made you worry.
Tsumugi: No, that's okay. It was my choice to. 
Touko: I feel a lot better, too. I kinda regretted telling you all that stuff yesterday, like some big know-it-all.
Nene: Oh, no! Those words helped us get to where we are. 
Touko: Man, that's the best thing I could hear.
Meguru: Sooo, now comes the question we're all dyyying to know: how far have you gone!
Shuuji: Err...
Nene: Th-That's a secret...
Meguru: Oh-ho. So you can't say? 
Touko: Which means they did things which they wouldn't be able to tell us about. Mufufuh.
Nene: ―――!
*Being faced with Inaba-san and Togakushi-senpai's cheeky grins, Nene blushes.*
*Well, they're kinda right. There's no way in hell we can say what we did yesterday. *
Meguru: So? Did you smooch yet?!
Nene: Well, umm, er...
Touko: Or maybe you went BEYOND just a kiss...?
Nene: ~~~~~~!
*She starts blushing more and more. *
*Yeah... She totally spilled the beans with that. *
*She hasn't said a word, but that face says more than enough. *
Shuuji: ......
*C-Crap, I think I'm blushing now too. *
Meguru, Touko: *grin**smile*
Tsumugi: Well, I'm just glad you both seem happy. Here's hoping you stay together forever!
Shuuji: Y-Yeah, thanks.
Touko: You saying that kinda makes it feel like there was a wedding.
Meguru: Very true. 
*Even though they're somewhat teasing us about it, they're all smiling at us warmly. *
*But... M-Marriage.*
*It's a bit of an embarrassing thought, but I can't deny the possibility. *
*I love Nene and I'm serious about her, so me deciding to marry her isn't unthinkable. *
Tsumugi: Should we do something to celebrate, you think?
Nene: O-Oh no, please don't. That would be too much.
Shuuji: Well, let's hold off on celebrations for now... At least wait until the wedding comes. 
Tsumugi: Oh, already thinking about marriage, are we?
Shuuji: Eh, I wouldn't say I'm really THINKING about it... but I mean... if you're serious about a girl, it's bound to happen eventually. 
Meguru, Tsumugi, Touko: Kyaah!
Nene: ......
*Hearing that only makes the already embarrassed Nene even more embarrassed. *
*And I start blushing myself too.*
*Admittedly that was a pretty embarrassing thing to say, but there's no need for me to hide it or feel ashamed. I am serious about her.*
Touko: I like it. Nice and bold. 
Meguru: I gotta say, Senpai, you've gotten a lot more outgoing since I first met you... Or should I say, a lot more manly. 
Tsumugi: Confident guys are so cool!
Nene: ...S-Stop. You can't say things like that.
Tsumugi: Huh? What did I say...? Oh gosh, did I say something bad?
Nene: You just called him c-cool.
Tsumugi: Y-Yeah, I did say that.
Nene: And both of you two as well. 
Meguru: Me? All I remember saying is he got manlier. 
Touko: Hmm... Well, I guess I did compliment him.
Nene: You aren't allowed to say those sorts of things. Hoshina-kun is my boyfriend... So I can't have any of you falling in love with him...
Meguru, Tsumugi, Touko: ......
Shuuji: ......
*Her face is as red as can be. If I didn't know better, I'd think she was having one of her arousal fits. *
*I can't believe she said something like that... That has to mean she got jealous, right? *
*The fact that she got jealous over me makes me terribly elated. I can feel my mouth naturally curving into a smile. *
*But it's a little surprising that something like that would tip her off... Or maybe not, on second thought? I know how childish she can be at times.*
*Looking around, I see that the rest of the girls have bigger grins on their faces than I do.*
Touko: Oh, you are just the cutest thing.
Tsumugi: Don't worry about that. He's all yours!
Meguru: Yeah, yeah. We wouldn't dare steal him away from you. 
Meguru: All we want is for him to be the kind of man worthy for you. 
Touko: That's exactly right. I was really congratulating you on finding a man like him. I'm really wishing you all the best.
Tsumugi: So just relax. There's nothing for you to worry about.
*...Hearing them deny it outright almost makes it feel like they're saying I'm not attractive. It hurts.*
*Well, not that I care about what other girls think. I have Nene as my girlfriend... I'm not worried in the slightest...*
Nene: R-Really?
Touko: Really. But good golly miss molly, you're so worried it's downright adorable. 
Meguru: Absolutely! Your cuteness is off the charts, Nene-senpai!
Tsumugi: And I bet you're so glad you have this cute, cute girl as your girlfriend!
Shuuji: Oh, I am. She's more than I deserve. I feel more than blessed.
Shuuji: So yeah, I'm gonna do everything in my power to become a man befitting of her. 
Tsumugi: You got my support. 
Touko: By the waaay... Ayachi-san, when are you gonna stop calling him Hoshina-kun?
Nene: Huh?! Well, that's... When I've gotten a bit more used to things.
Meguru: You're a couple now, come on come on. Intimacy is better. 
Tsumugi: I think Hoshina-kun would want you to call him in a more affectionate manner too. Isn't that right?
Shuuji: Well, sure...
Shuuji: But I'm not trying to force her. I told her I'd wait until she's ready.
*Considering how embarrassed she got over it yesterday, I doubt she'll be able to switch at the drop of a hat. *
Touko: Mufufuh. If you don't wanna, maybe I should go ahead and try calling him by first name?
Nene: Huh?!
Meguru: Ah, then I guess I'll go do the same.
Nene: Uh?!?!
Tsumugi: Hmm, guess I'll join the guys and do that too!
Nene: N-No, you can't do that. Only I get to call him that!
Meguru, Tsumugi, Touko: Go right ahead.
Nene: Nhh―――?! Ugh... urk...
*Yeeah... They played you like a fiddle there, Nene.*
*She took the bait so easily I almost wonder if it was on purpose.*
*I'd just been watching things from the sidelines, but now Nene turns and looks me in the face. *
Nene: U-Umm...
Shuuji: Y-Yeah?
Nene: Shu... Shu-Shuuji, kun...
Shuuji: Yeah, Nene?
Nene: Nhhh~~~~! C-Calling each other by our names in front of everyone is too embarrassing.
Shuuji: I-I agree. My head's getting hot... We probably shouldn't do this in the clubroom.
Nene: I agree.
*No point in flaunting it. *
*But still, there are a few people I should tell about our relationship.*
*Gotta do that soon.*
Tsumugi: Look at them. Red as tomatoes!
Touko: Aren't they so sweet and innocent... Heck, I don't even have any experience myself, but it still puts a smile on my face seeing stuff like this. 
Meguru: School romance is a sweet thing indeed. 
Shuuji: Umm, so yeah.
Shuuji: I have a girlfriend now.
Wakana, Hideaki: %130;YOU WHAT?!
Shuuji: Hey, not so loud!!
Shuuji: I'm sure you're wondering who it is, but―
Wakana: Is it Ayachi-san?
Shuuji: ...Yeah, it's her.
Wakana: Just you getting a girlfriend is surprising on its own, but it being Ayachi-san of all people... Man, you never know what'll happen.
Hideaki: I'm burning with jealousy, you lucky sonuvabitch. 
Shuuji: Don't you have something more important to be worrying about? You got your own confession to work towards, bud. 
Shuuji: Why are you even jealous now? You knew I had a crush on her. Heck, you TOLD me to confess to her. 
Hideaki: I'm gonna work my ass off, yes I am. But that doesn't mean I'll see results overnight. So I envy you for already snagging your girl. 
Shuuji: Well, yeah... Sorry about that, man.
Shuuji: But still, thanks for helping me out. Seeing your determination really got me to kick things into gear. 
Hideaki: O-Oh, right...
Hideaki: Getting an honest compliment from another dude is... kinda embarrassing. 
Wakana: ......
Wakana: This is super fishy. What's this thing you're talking about? Don't tell me you've got a BL thing going? Tell me, who's the "B"? Who's the "L"?
Hideaki, Shuuji: SHUT UP!!
Hideaki: Why do girls always interpret the slightest bit of male affection as gay romance?! Are you one of those crazy BL shippers too, Wakana-chan?!
Wakana: What?! No, no way! I don't care for it, but some of the girls in our class showed me a manga like that... and I just wondered if maybe those things happened in real life. 
Hideaki: Not that I'm some expert on BL manga... but I'm pretty sure the stuff in there is fairly romanticized. 
Shuuji: Also, what the heck do you mean "who's the B and who's the L"? BL stands for Boys' Love. Those aren't the damn sex roles!
Wakana: ...Oh.
Shuuji: Why do you look almost disappointed about that? 
Hideaki: Dude, you remember how giddy she was when she first mentioned it. 
*Maybe she actually has a surprisingly deep interest in it, despite what she said. *
Wakana: G-Get off my case, geez! Anyways, back on topic, you said something about a confession? Did you actually confess to someone, Kaidou?! 
Hideaki: G-Get off my case, geez! We're talking about Shuuji's relationship right now, not me!
Wakana: Don't mimic me, you dork! Look, I'm just genuinely curious, okay? I've never heard you mention having a crush before. 
Hideaki: I'll tell you, I promise... Just when the right time comes. I haven't actually confessed yet, so don't bug me about it, please.
Wakana: Wow, you seem to be taking this pretty seriously... Well, that's fine by me. I can wait. 
Wakana: So, returning to Hoshina. You and Ayachi-san, eh? Boy oh boy, talk about interesting... hmm hmm hmm, veeery interesting...
Shuuji: Also, please don't spread this around or anything. I told you guys because you're my friends and I trust you. 
Hideaki: I know, man. My mouth is sealed.
Wakana: If word about this got around, heck, someone might come and stab him. 
Hideaki: But man, I'm still in disbelief... How the heck'd you make Ayachi-san fall for you?
Wakana: Oh yeah. It's an absolute mystery. 
Shuuji: Is it really that surprising? ...Well, okay. It totally is...
*I still can't believe it myself. I actually went to school today wondering if yesterday wasn't just a dream.*
*Not only did she agree to go out with me, we even had sex...*
Wakana: What's up, Hoshina? Your face is, like, really red.
Shuuji: Oh nah, it's nothing. 
Wakana: It certainly doesn't look like nothing...
Hideaki: Ahh?! No way!! D-Don't tell me you, YOU―?!
Shuuji: ......
*I look away from him, saying nothing. *
Wakana: Whoo! Our boy's grown into a man!
Hideaki: Fucking hell... Now I'm a million times more jealous!!
Wakana: Well, who cares. I'm glad for you. Congrats on everything, pal. 
Hideaki: Right. I'm the one who told you to confess, so I'm happy things worked out for ya. Congratulations, you rotten sonuvabitch, you...
Wakana: Are you that mad?
Hideaki: Hell yes! His girlfriend is AYACHI-SAN!! How the hell did this dead-fish-eyes motherfucker hook up with one of the hottest girls in school!
Hideaki: Agh, I'm seething!!
Shuuji: First you encourage me to confess, and now you're about to kill me. What the hell...
Hideaki: I'll admit that I'm happy for you. That much is true.
Shuuji: Thanks.
Hideaki: You better treat her right. 
Wakana: Oh, definitely. You'll be in for a world of regret if you think everything'll be smooth sailing 'cause she loves you. 
Shuuji: I know. I don't even consider myself good enough for her, so I'm going to working on improving myself.
Hideaki: Good. That's the attitude to have. 
Wakana: Welp, if you ever run into any relationship problems, just hit me up and I'll lend you an ear.  
Shuuji: Thanks. That means a lot.
*After telling those two about our relationship, that made everyone. It came with a fair share of embarrassment, but I came out just fine. *
Meguru: Alright, we're this way. Catcha later!
Nene: Alright. See you later. 
Touko: Goodbye, you two.
Tsumugi: See you guys tomorrow!
Shuuji: Yep, see you then. 
*After saying our goodbyes, the three of them leave us.*
*Actually, I have to go that way too. But they probably just wanted to be considerate, and give us time alone. *
Shuuji: I'll walk you home.
Nene: Thank you. But actually, I need to go shopping so I can make dinner tonight. 
Shuuji: Oh, okay. Do you mind if I come along, then?
Nene: Are you sure? That would be quite the detour for you... Also, if we walk together around that area, we run the possibility of being seen by others like with what happened to Hisashima-sensei.
Shuuji: Well...
*To say people finding out about us would cause a stir would be an understatement. A very, very big understatement. *
*I would attract no shortage of jealousy from others, and because of my ability, that would be pretty unpleasant.*
Shuuji: Eh, I'll be fine. Of course, that's only if you don't mind it.
Shuuji: I don't want to rub it in everyone's faces by using first-names in the classroom, but I don't really think it's something we need to hide. 
Shuuji: We're not doing anything wrong, so if people find out and want to make a fuss, so be it. 
*Both Nene and I love each other.*
*I don't want to hide it out of fear or anything. If I get exposed to negative emotions, then I won't let them get me down. I'll shrug them off and move on. That's the attitude I need to have. *
Shuuji: I want to be with you, and I don't want anyone else to get in the way of us being together. 
Nene: Hoshina-kun...
Nene: I-I also... do too. I want to spend as much time as possible with my boyfriend.
Shuuji: Thanks. That makes me happy.
Nene: Me too.
Shuuji: Oh, and remember to use my first name. 
Nene: Ah... urgh... Shu-Shuuji... kun...
Nene: Nnnnh~~!!
Shuuji: Thank you, Nene. Well, I'm ready to go if you are. 
Nene: ...I am.
Clerk: How's it goin', Miss! What can I get ya today? 
Nene: Hmm, I haven't really decided on anything in particular...
Clerk: You like eggplants? They're out of season, but boy, I got some good ones in this time. 
Nene: I do like eggplants... They're long, thick, and have such a smooth surface. That slight curve they have makes them look so appetizing. 
Shuuji: ......
*E-Err... Technically those are all accurate descriptions, but did she HAVE to word it that way?*
Clerk: Carrots are in season right now. If you like 'em, I'd highly recommend getting ya some. 
Nene: Oh, wonderful. Ah, they really do look great. Nice and red, and firm too... The length and thickness also seem to be just perfect.
Vendor, Shuuji: ......
*Why in the world is she wording everything so suggestively?*
*I'm a little worried about leaving her on her own after hearing this stuff. *
*Even the vendor man looks a little uncomfortable. *
Nene: ......? You've been a little quiet, Shu-Shuuji... kun. Is something wrong?
Shuuji: Ah, um, no, it's nothing. Don't worry about it.
Shuuji: So is there anything you don't like to eat, Nene?
Nene: Hmm, nothing I can really think of off the top of my head. I love eggplants and carrots, like the man just suggested. I get them quite often. 
Nene: They're just the right size for me to use. Radishes, for instance, are just too thick and long, so they create problems. I mean, just getting one of those to fit inside is difficult enough. 
Shuuji: Huh?! Wh-What are you... u-umm...
Nene: Fridges in one-person apartments tend to be on the smaller side. I've debated exchanging it out and getting one with a vegetable drawer on many occasions...
Shuuji: Ohh... That's what you meant...
*G-God damn, I was seriously scared there for a second... Her wordings are too sexual! There's not technically anything lewd about what she's saying, but I can't stop myself from hearing it in the wrong way. *
*She really needs to be more careful about these things in public. As her boyfriend, I'm somewhat worried.*
Nene: ......? Are you sure you're alright? Your face looks kind of red. You're not sick, are you? 
Shuuji: No, I'm fine. It was just, well... Let's just say you tickled the fantasies of a poor teenage boy with what you just said...
Nene: Okay...? Hm? ...Aah?!
Nene: Th-That is not what I meant! I was saying all those things in a perfectly normal sense!! I know that I often do those sorts of things, and yes, I do use "toys," but still!!
Nene: I would never ever use a vegetable to do that!! I'm a perfectly sensible person, I promise you!!
Shuuji: Nene, this is the shopping street! We're in PUBLIC!! A person with sense wouldn't yell something like that here!!
Nene: ―――Phh.
Clerk: Umm... Could you maybe not talk about this stuff in front of my store? Pretty please? 
Nene: Nhhh~~~!
Nene: Urk... I'm doomed. I can never go to that store ever again... No, the shopping district as a whole...
Shuuji: I kinda feel like I should apologize. 
Nene: No... You did nothing wrong. I was the one who said those things, so it's all my fault... I'll just have to end my life to avoid this embarrassment...
Shuuji: Stop that, you're scaring me... Look, if there's anything I can do for you, just say so.
Nene: Commit suicide with me, then! Please!
Shuuji: You really need to stop jumping to the suicidal thoughts!
Shuuji: Besides, I can't commit a lover's suicide this early on. I have too much to live for. I want to experience all sorts of wonderful things with you. 
Nene: Well... You're right. I agree 100\%...
Shuuji: If you feel too embarrassed to do grocery shopping for the next week or two, I can do it for you, or come with you... Either of those are fine by me. 
Nene: No, I couldn't make you do that. That's too much of an inconvenience for you.
Shuuji: No, I seriously don't mind. If anything, I want to do things for you. It'll also give us more opportunities to spend time together. 
Shuuji: But if you don't want me to, that's fine. That's only a little wish of mine; you don't have to go along with it if you don't want. 
Nene: That's fine. I want to spend time with you as much as possible. And I really mean that.
Shuuji: Thanks. But honestly, I feel like I'm the only one suggesting things in the relationship... If there's anything you want to do, just tell me.
Nene: Umm... Can I, then?
Shuuji: Of course. If you have something, I'm all ears. 
Nene: .........I would like to... eat together...
Shuuji: Are you talking about lunch, or dinner today? 
Nene: If possible... The latter. I'll be preparing everything, so I'd love for you to try it. 
Shuuji: Sure, that's fine by me. I'd really, really love to try your food... But are you sure?
Nene: Yes. I had so much fun making yesterday's lunch, and hearing you say how much you liked it in person made me feel even better. 
Nene: And above all, I love spending time with someone I love so much.
*She grabs onto the hem of my sleeve.*
*Following that, brings her damp eyes near me, and gazes into mine.*
Nene: That's why I... want to spend as much time with you as I can, Shuuji-kun.
Shuuji: ......
*I'd have to be heartless to turn her down after hearing that.*
Shuuji: Alright, got any more groceries to buy?
Nene: No, I got everything I needed. Also, umm... I already got enough for both of us.
Shuuji: ......
*So she wanted to eat together from the start... Ahh, she's just the cutest! *
Shuuji: Ready to get going then? 
Nene: Sure, but also, um... Could we hold hands?
Shuuji: H-Hold hands...?
Nene: You don't want to?
Shuuji: Preposterous! Of COURSE I do!
Nene: ......
*She looks off to the side a little, and slowly extends her hand out towards me. *
Shuuji: ......
*We've kissed and even had sex already... But now that I think about it, this'll be our first time holding hands. *
*Just the thought is enough to make my heart pound. *
*My fingertips start shaking too, almost as if my heart's beating propagated to them, but I don't waver.*
*I firmly take Nene's hand. Firmly enough so she doesn't notice the fact that my hand is shaking.*
Nene: Ah...!
Shuuji: S-Sorry. Did it hurt?
Nene: No, not at all... It just felt so warm...
Shuuji: Yours is too. Just touching it makes me feel cozy.
Nene: No inappropriate talk. 
Shuuji: Huh? I meant that completely innocently...
Nene: But I must say, holding hands makes me feel really happy. 
Shuuji: Same here.
Nene: Great! Ah, I should ask: is there any food that you don't like? I think it would be good if I know in advance.
Shuuji: Nah, not really. Even if I did, I bet I'd eventually like it if you kept cooking it for me. 
Nene: There you go again saying these weird things.
Shuuji: Hey, you make good food, what can I say.
Nene: ...I would prefer a more candid expression of that, then. What you said was pointlessly roundabout. 
*I mean, okay... But I meant it. Her food seriously is good. *
Shuuji: Then I'll make sure to give you an honest impression after today's dinner.
Nene: Thank you. I'll work extra hard on it.
*And so, with guilty feelings once again, I give my dad a call to tell him I won't be there for dinner. With that out of the way, we then make for Nene's apartment. *
Nene: Would you like seconds?
*Our side dishes for today are fried eggplants and a carrot salad.*
*As for the main entree, it's a rice bowl pak choi with pork and egg. Nene swiftly prepared all of it, without any need for my assistance.*
*The taste is absolutely exquisite. Being a girl, the flavors are precise and refined, as expected... Or maybe I'm just used to sloppy cooking, since it's always been just me and my dad. *
*I've already had enough to eat, but...*
Shuuji: Sure. 
*There's still a tad bit more room in my stomach. *
Nene: Oh, you're going to eat more? Wonderful. 
Shuuji: Thanks for making all this.  
*She nods happily in response to me. *
*Seeing such an expression of pure joy on her face, my lips naturally curve into a smile. *
Nene: Here you are. 
Shuuji: Thanks.
*I take my refilled plate from her and begin eating just as fast as before. *
*The taste is of course part of the reason, but eating your girlfriend's homecooked food is an experience like no other... It's like a dream come true.*
Shuuji: Phew... I'm stuffed. Thanks again for making this, Nene. 
Nene: You're very welcome. 
*Man, I ate quite a lot...*
*I'm stuffed to the point that I can barely look at food anymore. *
Nene: So. um... What did you think?
Shuuji: I know you wanted a more honest take... But honestly, there's nothing more I can say than it was good.
Shuuji: I guess it's, like, it was so good that nothing more needs to be said. I'd kill to be able to eat this stuff every day of the week.
Nene: If you want to, I wouldn't mind cooking for you every...!!
Nene: E-Every day?! W-Was that, umm... a... a p-proposal...?! 
Shuuji: Huh? Ah?! Err, umm―
Nene: ...It wasn't?
Shuuji: Umm... I guess it half was?
*I did mean what I said in the clubroom during lunch break.*
Shuuji: Yeah, it was.
Shuuji: I love you more than the world, Nene. It's still early to be making absolute statements on the future, since we're still in school and all... But I do want to marry you someday.
Nene: It makes me so, so happy to hear that... I want to... marry you, too, and even... start a family.
Nene: ―Ah! I-I know I said start a family, but I didn't mean in the sense of us having s-se―engaging in intercourse regularly to have kids!
Nene: But I still do want to have kids, absolutely... And I do want to engage in sexual intercourse with you... I'm fairly interested in it, so if possible, I'd like to have it more often and try out new―
Shuuji: Calm down! You're gonna end up regretting spilling all this in a bit!
Nene: Well... Okay, right. I'm sorry, I lost my head there for a moment. Anyways... I also want to lead a happy life with you.
Shuuji: ...Thank you, Nene.
Nene: ......
Shuuji: ......
*After confirming our feelings, we gaze longingly into each other's eyes.*
*I'm not sure what I'm supposed to say in a situation like this. *
*Actually, you know what... Maybe we don't even need to say anything?*
*I reach out and gently grasp Nene's hand.*
*Immediately, I feel its soft texture and warmth permeate through me... I'm on the verge of exploding at this point, but I bear with it, and pull her into my embrace.*
Shuuji: Nene...
Nene: I love you... so, so much.
*As we continue gazing at each other, our face's draw closer and closer like magnets. *
Shuuji: ...Mh.
Nene: Mh, mhhh...! *kiss* *kiss*... mh *smooch* *smack* *slurp*... *smooch* *smooch*
*With the end result being our lips joining together, as we passionately kiss. *
*The previous talk probably put us on an emotional high. We're going at it full force from the getgo. Our tongues wrap, slide around, and entwine as we seek pleasure.  *
*I feel the aftertaste of tonight's dinner inside my mouth, but alongside it, I feel one more taste. *
*Is this... the taste of her saliva?*
Nene: Mh *lick*... *lick* *lick* *lick*... *lick*... mhh *smooch* *pant* *pant* *pant* aahh!
Shuuji: *kiss* *suck*... *lick* *lick*...
*With the way we're forcefully intertwining our tongues, rubbing the tips together, and everything else, it takes no time for our saliva to mix into one. *
Nene: Mh, mh, fuh... *lick* *lick* *lick*... *smooch* *smack* mh, mhh... haaaah, your tongue is so hot.
Shuuji: Yours as well... mh *lick* *lick*...
Nene: Ah, mh, mmh, mmmmmmmh... hah *lick* *slurp*... mh, mmh... haah... I don't know why, but I'm feeling hornier than yesterday...
Shuuji: Yeah... It's weird. My heart's beating like crazy... It feels so damn good. 
Nene: Mh *slurp*... *lick* *lick*... It feels just as good for me *lick* *lick* *lick*... *smooch* *slurp*
Shuuji: Then let's keep kissing... mmmh *lick* *lick* *lick* *lick* *lick* *lick* *lick* *lick* *lick* *lick*
Nene: Mgh!! Mh, mmmmh, but, my drool is going to...! Mhh, fuuh... mh, mh... mh, fuuh...
Shuuji: Mhh *smooch* *slurp*
*Instead of easing her worries verbally, I opt to thrust my tongue inside her mouth lustfully, seeking more of her saliva. *
Nene: Mh, mmhhhhhhhh............ Puah *paant* *paant*...!
Shuuji: *pant*... *pant*... The drool in my mouth tastes like you.
Nene: Stop saying those dirty things...
Shuuji: You didn't like the kiss?
Nene: ...I did. I just told you it felt good, yet you purposefully go and ask me that... You're such a meanie.
Nene: Tongue kisses feel good... so good. My head even starts to go blank while we do them...
*As foamy drool drips from the edges of her mouth, a string of saliva connects our lips symbolizing our desire for more.*
Shuuji: I can't hold back!
Nene: Mh, mmh...! Mh, mh, mh, mh, fuh, mh *slurp*... mh, fuuuh, mh, fuuuh... mh, mh, mhhh!
*I suck on her tongue and mouth, all while using the tip of my tongue to lovingly carress the insides of her mouth.*
*With heavy breaths, Nene clings to me as she desperately tries to keep control against the assaulting pleasure.*
*It only takes the simple act of kissing in each other's arms for us to tangibly feel our love. *
Nene: It's alright... More *lick* *lick* *lick* *lick* *lick*... Ahm also goin' ho, swalloh yohr drool... mh *sluuuurp*
Shuuji: Mh *suck*... *gulp*...
Nene: Mhhh... mh *slurp* mh *sluuurp*... *suck* *suuuck*... *gulp*... *gulp*... mmh!
*We proceed to swallow each other's saliva almost as if it's a contest. *
*I don't know if I can hold back... My sexual excitement is raging inside me. So I relax my embrace, and extend a hand towards her breasts. *
Shuuji: Mmh...!
Nene: Ah―-! Mh, mhhh, mhh, paah *pant* *pant*... P-Please wait.
Shuuji: Sorry. Should I, um, not have?
Nene: Umm... I'm not against going there. I'm sure you remember what I said before we started kissing. 
Nene: But, the thing is... After it was over, and I had time to calm down, it hurt more than expected...
Nene: There's also that, umm... I-It's that day of the month for me. So... there would probably be blood. More blood than yesterday. 
Shuuji: O-Ohh... THAT day...
*Man... I never thought I'd live to see the day when I heard those words out of a girl's mouth...*
Nene: B-B-B-B-But that doesn't mean we CAN'T do anything. If you really want to, we could just place something underneath and it should be fine. 
Shuuji: Ah, no, I don't want to force you. I completely understand. I wouldn't hold something like that against you.
*I tried to play the nice and understanding boyfriend, but yeah... I'm still super horny... It's like I've just been blue-balled. *
*I was being 100\% honest when I said I don't want to her force her to do anything... But we might've gone a bit too hard with those kisses.*
*If they were just light kisses, I probably wouldn't be in this precarious situation right now... *
Nene: ...I'm sorry.
Shuuji: It's okay; I'm in no hurry or anything. We practically have our whole lives ahead of us, so there'll be plenty of chances for us to have sex later. 
Nene: But... well... This is a bit awkward to say... but your penis is twitching.
Shuuji: O-Oh, you noticed? 
Nene: It was, um... rubbing up against my stomach while we were kissing.
Shuuji: Man, that's embarrassing. But yeah... It's like that because I'm horny. 
Shuuji: I guess... I'm sorry I made you worry about me.
Nene: Oh no, you did nothing wrong. But... right. Of course you'd end up like that. I also got a little aroused while we were kissing...
Shuuji: It'll go down in no time, so just ignore it. 
Nene: I... can't do that. My boyfriend feels agonized...
Shuuji: It's really not that bad...
Nene: Just let me, p-please... I want to take responsibility!
Shuuji: Er, what?
Nene: You heard it right. I'll take responsibility. Yesterday, you were the one who pleasured me... So today, I'll be the one to do that for you...
Shuuji: Wait, seriously, I don't want to force you into doing anything you don't want to.
Nene: I'm not forcing myself. I do want to do this. So please, go ahead and... umm... take off your pants.
Shuuji: Huh?! I can't just do that like... umm!
*It's naturally kind of difficult for a guy to just take his pants off with someone watching. *
Nene: You liar... You told me earlier that I could make whatever request I wanted. 
Shuuji: I know I did, but still...
Nene: *stare*
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: ...This is what you really want to do?
Nene: ...I'm also interested in these things. I want to know all there is to know about my boyfriend's body... 
Nene: You've helped me countless times when I've had my fits... So this time I want to help relieve you.
*How am I possibly supposed to hold back my urges when she says something like that...*
Shuuji: .........
Shuuji: ...Okay, just for a little bit then.
================================================================================
Nene: ...Thanks for reminding me of that. It had completely slipped my mind.
Shuuji: Mine too. Funny since my initial reason for joining the club was to return them to you. 
*But I had so much fun spending time with Nene that eventually that became my real purpose for being here.*
*I fell in love with her... And now we're dating...*
Shuuji: So, have any of them returned to you at all? 
Nene: You'll have to give me a moment. I haven't checked lately. 
Shuuji: You haven't?
Nene: I hate to say it, but no. I've been too busy. First it was the upset stomach, then I had to worry about making lunch for you, and then there was also... the time when I was occupied the whole night masturbating...
Shuuji: U-Um... yeah... That was definitely a lot to deal with. 
*It still leaves me mystified. How does one masturbate throughout the entire night? I just can't wrap my head around it. *
*Are girls just capable of masturbating longer? Maybe, but I still feel like you'd need a lot of stamina... Any guy would die if they tried the same.*
Nene: ―Ah!
Shuuji: Huh? What is it?
Nene: Look...
*Nene shows me the bottle. *
*It's completely packed with so much sparkly stuff, and it's shining radiantly. I've never seen it this full before.*
Shuuji: Ohh! It's full!
Nene: I'm just as surprised as you are. I never expected this. 
Shuuji: I really should thank you. It's all because you returned my feelings. 
Nene: Oh no, if anyone's deserving of thanks, it's you. 
Shuuji: So, is the bottle 100\% full then? 
Nene: No idea. There seems to be a tiny bit of room left... So I might need a few more fragments. 
Shuuji: Hmm, okay. Guess we'll have to keep giving the club our all and help more students out.
Shuuji: So... Do you think that's all the fragments I took from you? 
Nene: Good question. I can't tell... My apologies.
Shuuji: No, that's alright. 
Shuuji: But it might be better for us to get some sort of measure on that. Do you think Souma-san would be able to tell? 
Nene: Oh, speaking of which. I don't know the reason why, but Nanao asked me to come over.
Nene: Her summoning me like this is rather unusual in and of itself, so I was planning to go there today. 
Shuuji: Is it something fragment related?
Nene: I would assume so... But I'll have to go there first before I can say for certain. 
Shuuji: Perfect. I can tag along, in that case. 
Nene: Right... That might be a good idea.
*What exactly does she want to talk about...*
*Come to think of it, the whole reason Nene became a witch and started gathering fragments was because she had some wish she wanted to fulfill. *
*Once the bottle is filled to completion, her wish will be granted and her relationship with her parents will change. *
*But wait... Hold on one second.*
*Her parents both have new partners and families of their own. That's what she told me. So... How would that work out?*
Nene: You don't have any other plans for the day? 
Shuuji: Nope, I'm good. We can go today after school.
Nene: Alright, that's perfect then. We'll do that. 
*It almost feels like we're setting up a date, honestly. *
*And that thought makes me a little excited. *
Student: Thank you so, so much for today. 
Nene: You're quite welcome. I hope we were able to help you some.  
Student: Oh, you were a ton of help. Also, um... Could I drop by again if I ever have another problem?
Nene: Of course. We'll be glad to help you whenever. 
*Nene waves off the girl with a warm smile. *
*The girl today was struggling to decide what university to go to. *
*It was nothing that involved specific action like in Kaidou's case, so just having Nene listen to her and do a few card readings was enough to make her feel better. *
*She leaves the clubroom wearing a look of satisfaction. *
Shuuji: ...So what's the judgment? Can we get fragments from her?
Tsumugi: Hard to say. Her problem was fairly simple, so I doubt it was mentally stressful enough to throw her emotional balance off.
Tsumugi: It seemed to me like she just wanted someone to tell her she was making the right choice. 
Shuuji: Gotcha. 
*For Nene, we aren't in any real need to rush things since her bottle is almost full... But Nene isn't the only witch here. *
*Shiiba-san needs fragments too, so it's not like we can just pack things up and go home once Nene is done.*
*And even without all the fragment stuff, I enjoy spending time at club. *
*Getting thanked by others, seeing them leaving with a smile, and the emotions I perceive from them...*
*It's a wonderful feeling, truly. One that my life was clearly lacking before I joined the club.*
*Not that I'm trying to be some super selfless good Samaritan who works for the sake of others... But I want our club to keep going. *
*Maybe this was how my mom felt? *
Meguru: University...
Touko: Do you know what you want to study yet? 
Meguru: Not even close. I'm still juggling a bunch of different ideas.
Touko: Well, you want to narrow it down soon. Time flies, and before you know it, it'll be time to choose. That's how it goes. 
Touko: So I know it might seem a bit early, but you wanna start thinking about those things now. 
Meguru: Hey, don't scare me.
Touko: I'm not trying to scare you. Just some little advice from someone about to graduate. 
Meguru: Urk... I'll keep that in mind.
Touko: Now then, looks like the sun's about set here in a bit... What's the call, everyone? Do we wanna stay a bit longer? 
Nene: No, I think we can end things here for today. There won't be any students dropping by at this hour. 
Tsumugi: Yeah, it's almost time for the second building to close. Everyone'll be going home now, if they haven't already. 
Meguru: Yup. Then I guess we're calling it a day.
Touko: No objections here.
Tsumugi: So are we all going home together like usual?
Nene: I'm sorry... I have a bit of errand to run today...
Meguru: Ah. You do?
Nene: Unfortunately. I'm sorry, again...
Shuuji: Oh, right... I actually have something to do as well, so go on without me. 
Tsumugi: You too?
Touko: Oh-hooo. Very intriguing. I think I know what's going on here. 
Nene, Shuuji: ......
Tsumugi: Ah! So that "errand" just means they're gonna go hang out together?
Meguru: Oh, come on now. You don't need to hide those things from us. We're all friends here!
Nene: W-We're not just going somewhere to play around! There really is something we need to take care of!
Nene: I will admit I thought it seemed a little like a date... But I promise it's 100\% serious!
*Oh, so she had the same thought I did?*
Meguru: Still... This makes me feel a tad lonely...
Meguru: I'm not trying to wrench you two apart... But I get the feeling you're not gonna have much time to spend with little ole me anymore. 
Nene: Inaba-san... I'm very sorry. I'm not trying to do anything like that. 
Meguru: Ah, wait, just ignore that! I'm sorry, I was honestly just playing around when I said that. I'm not trying to get in you two's way, so don't worry about me and have fun!
Meguru: But I will admit I feel a little lonely... I'd love to go hang out and do something again sometime. 
Nene: Of course. We can do that any time.
Meguru: Nene-senpai! *HUG*
Meguru: Thank you so, so much! Just hearing that's enough for me. So go out and have all the fun you want with Hoshina-senpai today!
Tsumugi: Right, she said it. You're a couple, so of course you want to spend time together. Don't worry about us, we don't mind. 
Touko: And you've just started dating at that. Getting that quality time alone is quintessential. 
Shuuji: Guys, it's really not a date.
*...Eh, not like I NEED to vehemently deny it or anything. I do want to go out on dates with her, and it's not something I'm ashamed to admit.*
Touko: You can go ahead and leave to take care of whatever it is you need to do. We'll take care of things here. 
Tsumugi: Yeah. I don't know what you're doing, but it's always good to get there sooner rather than later. So go on. Off you go.
Meguru: Bye!
Shuuji: If you guys say so... Ready, Nene?
Nene: Y-Yes, I'm ready. 
Shuuji: Welp, see you guys tomorrow. 
Nene: See you all tomorrow.
Touko: Bye-bye!
Tsumugi: Have fun!
Meguru: ......
Meguru: She looked really happy. I never saw her make that face before she started going out with Hoshina-kun.
Touko: Spending time with someone you love can do those sorts of things. 
Tsumugi: I'm kinda jealous... I hope I have a relationship like that someday.
Meguru: Oh, sounds to me like somebody has a crush. 
Touko: Oh-ho? Is that true? So you want a relationship like theirs with that special boy?
Tsumugi: H-Hey, I never said that! Stop putting words in my mouth! I was just speaking generally!
*Overhearing the girls' conversation as we leave, we make for the school entrance and towards the Schwarze Katze.*
*Or that was the plan, until suddenly I feel Nene pulling the sleeve of my uniform to tell me to stop.*
**tug**
Nene: ......
Shuuji: Hm? Something wrong? 
Nene: Mh, mh, fuuh... M-My body... is...
*Come to think of it, I do perceive a sweet fragrance.*
*I want to say it's one of her fits, but―the smell is a little weaker than usual...*
Shuuji: You okay...? Well, I guess not. B-But what should we do? The others are still in the clubroom...
Nene: D-Don't worry, it hasn't gotten bad yet. So just, um... k-kiss me now... while there's still time.
Shuuji: All you need's a kiss? Wait, isn't that just gonna make it worse?
Nene: N-No, it'll be fine. But, umm... please do, lots of, d-deep kisses, so that it'll be enough to, suppress the arousal.
Shuuji: I-I'll try my best.
Nene: Hamh, mh *kiss* *smooch* mh *kiss*...
Shuuji: Mhm, mmmh―
*The second we're behind cover, Nene comes at me aggressively and steals my lips.*
Nene: Haah... ammh, mhh *kiss* *smooch* mh, mmh.
*She indulges in my lips in accordance with her body's desires. *
Nene: Mhm... *kiss* *smooch*... mh *smack* *lick* *kiss* *smack*
*Then, she slips her tongue inside and forcefully violates the insides of my mouth. *
Nene: Mhm *slurp*... mhhhh *smooch* *lick* *lick* *lick* *lick* *lick*... mmh, mmh... *pant* *pant* *pant*...
Nene: You, too... mhh *suck* *slurp* *lick* *lick* *lick* *lick*
Shuuji: Mh, mhh... Yeah, don't worry... *kiss*
*Even though I still don't have much experience with kissing, I employ what little knowledge I have and caress the insides of her mouth.*
*I stroke the walls of her mouth, wrap my tongue around hers while lightly sucking on it, and pour my saliva into her mouth.*
Nene: *slurp* *suck* *smack* *smooch*... *gulp*... *gulp*... Mhh *slurp* *suck*... mh, nmh, *lick* *lick* *smack* *lick* *smack*
Shuuji: Mh, mh, mmh... How is it? Calming down any? Nmh, mmh...
Nene: Mh, fuh, mh *slurp* *smack* *smooch*... Mhh *pant* *pant* Yes, just a little bit more... haah, ammh... *lick* *lick* *lick* *smack*
*While letting out hot, feverish breaths, she forces her own saliva in my mouth to return the favor. *
*I swallow it without demur, upon which Nene breathes in satisfaction before moving her tongue more rigorously. *
Nene: *kiss* *smooch* *slurp*... Mh, mh, mmh... *suck* *smooch*
Shuuji: Mhh... Someone's gonna see us if we don't wrap this up soon... mhh *kiss*
Nene: Then kiss me more passionately to satisfy these urges, mmh, mh *slurp* *smack* *smooch*
Shuuji: I-I'll do what I can... *suck* *slurp*
Nene: Mh, mh... mmmmmh...
Nene: Umm... I'm sorry for putting you through that.
Shuuji: No worries. It wasn't your fault, and besides... I like kissing you.
Nene: So do I...
Shuuji: Then let's kiss on our own terms next time, not when your fit dictates. 
Nene: S-Sure... Just tell me whenever.
Shuuji: Will do.
*As we're in the middle of conversing, we open the door and walk inside. *
Wakana: Welcome.
*The waitress to greet us is Kariya, in her frilly uniform. This must be her shift day. *
Wakana: Oh, hey Hoshina. And Ayachi-san, too. Hello.
Nanao: Hey there. 
Shuuji: Good evening.
Nanao: It's been quite some time since we last saw each other. 
Nene: It has. Things have been a little hectic at school.
Nanao: Stuff related to that club you're in?
Nene: Yes, it was with the club. We were put in charge of organizing the Halloween party at school.
Nanao: Oh, the party Kariya mentioned she played guitar at? I also heard you played the bass there, Hoshina-kun.
Nanao: I'm honestly a little disappointed I wasn't there to hear you guys. 
Wakana: D-Don't say that. I screwed up so much... But I don't regret doing it.
Nanao: Ah, okay. So does that mean the party was a success?
Nene: Thankfully, yes. All the students who attended seemed to enjoy it quite a lot. 
Nanao: Can't get any better than that. 
Wakana: But that wasn't the only thing you two were up to, now was it?
Wakana: I think I know why you came here together... For a little date, eh? Uhehe.
Shuuji: Hush it. We're here to discuss things with Souma-san.
Wakana: Oh, come on. You don't need to hide it from me. We're pals. 
Nanao: Did you say a date...? What is this you're talking about?
Wakana: What? Oh, Miss Souma, you joker, you. Can't you tell? It means these two right here are dating. 
Nanao: Wow, really? 
*Right as the words come out of her mouth, she turns towards us with a slightly shocked face. *
*Boy, here comes the embarrassment...*
*There's a slight hesitation from both of us, but we still nod nonetheless. *
*In that moment, Souma-san's expression stiffens.*
Nanao: That explains everything...
Nene: ......? Is something the matter? You're acting a little bit strange.
Nanao: Oh no, forget it. 
Shuuji: ......?
*That stern expression sure seemed like something...*
*Also, for some odd reason, I feel a chilly sensation flowing into me from my back.*
*What is this...*
Nanao: We'll talk in a bit, but first―
Wakana: I'll go ahead and take your orders, if you're ready. 
Nene: Absolutely. Then I will have a black tea. No milk or sugar.
Shuuji: ...House blend for me.
Wakana: We'll have those out shortly for you. Miss Souma, one black tea no sugar or milk and a house blend.
Nanao: Alright...
Shuuji: ......
*Souma-san is usually so articulate, so that's why it alarms us to hear such a delay in her response. *
*Something really is up with her... But what? *
Wakana: Um, just to make sure: is it really okay for me to go home already? 
Nanao: Yeah, don't worry. I can close on my own. 
Wakana: Alright... If you say so. I'll see you later then, Miss Souma. 
Nanao: Good job today. And take care on your way home. 
Wakana: I'll see you two at school tomorrow. 
Shuuji: Yeah, catcha later.
Nene: Goodbye, Kariya-san.
*With that, the only ones remaining in the cafe are us three. *
Nanao: ......
*I don't know why, but Souma-san has a grim look on her face.*
*Weird... What's so dire that would cause a look like that?*
*Scratching my head in confusion, I look in Nene's direction, she seems to be just as mystified. *
Nene: Umm, Nanao? Is something wrong? You're acting strange. Is this related to why you asked me to come here?
Nanao: Yes and no. I was going to ask you something, but I don't need to anymore, because I found my answer. 
Shuuji: What answer... exactly? 
Nanao: Nene, you transfer mana to me through the price of your contract, arousal in your case. 
Nene: Yes, that's right.
Nanao: I've noticed a change in that mana lately. It used to be purely embarrassment, but now I'm finding other emotions mixed in.
Nanao: I was initially going to ask you what was up with that... But I know the reason now: you and Hoshina-kun becoming boyfriend and girlfriend. 
Nene: ...Ah!
Shuuji: ......
*Yeah, we've been kissing whenever her arousal fits hit. *
*But wow. I didn't know she had the ability to sense things like that. *
Nene: Umm, is that somehow a problem? I thought all I had to do was satiate the arousal as the price, that there were no specific emotions mandated. 
Nanao: Right, but that's not where the issue lies...
Shuuji: ......?
Nanao: Take out your fragments for me, Nene.
Nene: O-Of course. 
*She takes out the bottle and sets it on the counter. *
*And, just like when she showed me this morning, it only seems to need a few more fragments to be completely full.*
Nanao: Wow... So does that mean you've gotten back all the fragments Hoshina-kun took?
Nene: That's what we believe.
Nanao: As high as that is, you'll be to full in no time.  
Nene: I think so too.
Shuuji: I was actually curious about something regarding that. 
Shuuji: Should we go ahead and assume that all of the fragments I took are back to her?
Nanao: Hrm... Let me check.
Nanao: Straighten your back and look right at me, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Okay.
*I do exactly as she says, and she then places her palm on my chest. *
*Strange enough, I feel like there's heat radiating from her palm, which gives me the sensation of my chest getting hot. *
Shuuji: So...
Nanao: ...We can probably go ahead and treat the hole in your heart as completely gone. 
Shuuji: Do you think the happiness I got from entering a relationship with Nene was the impetus? 
*Namely what I'm asking is if it's due to the fact that I've grown to accept myself, and also found acceptance from the person I love. *
Nanao: That's probably it. I think there are still a few more... But those should return on their own once the last remaining bits of the hole close up. 
Nanao: And those will probably be enough to fill her bottle. Actually, there might even be a surplus. 
Shuuji: R-Really?!
*This means that Nene's wish is only a short time away from coming true.*
Nanao: That is only if my judgement is correct... But, well, there's not much reason to doubt it.
Nanao: Then, once the bottle reaches full... Nene's wish will become reality.
Shuuji: ......?
*She really does feel a little gloomy... Which is really odd. Her expression is tense as well.*
Shuuji: ...Souma-san, you're acting a little weird.
Nene: I agree. 
Nene: Nanao, you're not acting yourself. I don't know, it's sort of like you've changed...
Nanao: I have days like that every now and then...
Nanao: Anyways, was that a good enough answer to your question?
Shuuji: Yeah, thank you a lot.
Shuuji: It really took a load off my shoulders. I was almost thinking, like, if this wasn't enough then nothing would be. 
Shuuji: I honestly feel like this is the happiest I'll ever be. 
Nene: I feel the very same way. 
Nanao: ......
*Both her facial expression and speech seem dispirited. She's eying us like she knows something we don't. *
*The way she's acting is really worrying me...*
*I could understand if she laughed at us, or even got a little upset... But her face just looks sad. *
*None of the people we told ever reacted to us like this... Just what the hell is going on?*
Nanao: ...Hoshina-kun, I'm sorry, but I'd like to talk with Nene in private.
Shuuji: Huh?
Shuuji: O-Oh, uh, sure... That's fine.
Nanao: I'm really sorry about this, I am. If you want, stop by again sometime. I'll make sure to make up for today. 
Nanao: I really hate to do this... but if you could.
Shuuji: Ah, no, don't worry. It's no big deal. I'll swing by sometime in the near future. 
Nanao: Sure, I'll look forward to it. Oh, and don't worry about paying for the coffee. I'm having you leave for purely personal reasons, so that's the least I can do. 
Shuuji: It's really not that big of a deal. I can pay. 
Nanao: No, I couldn't have that. I'm being terribly rude to you here, and if anything, that's not even much of an apology...
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: It's alright. You didn't offend me or anything, so don't beat yourself up over it. 
Shuuji: Alright then, I'll be leaving now. Take care. 
Nanao: Once again, I'm sorry to have you do this...
*I don't quite understand, but it seems to be something that she can't talk to Nene about if I'm present. *
*I trust Souma-san's word, so it must just be something that important. *
Shuuji: Do you want me to wait for you?
Nene: I appreciate it, but you don't have to. I'd feel bad if I forced you to wait outside for me.
Shuuji: But I'm worried. It's pretty late. 
Nene: I've walked the route from here to my apartment numerous times. Besides, I'll make sure to take the main streets that are well-lit. I'll be fine.
Shuuji: ...You promise me you will?
Nene: Of course. 
Shuuji: Okay... Then I'll go on home.
Nene: I'll make sure to give you a text once I get home.
Shuuji: Thanks. Well, see you tomorrow then.
Nene: See you tomorrow. 
*Souma-san's actions make me hesitant to leave, but staying here won't achieve anything.*
*I bid them goodbye and leave the cafe.*
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Man, what the hell's going on?
*A private talk between Nene and Souma-san... I'd be lying if I said I wasn't curious... But there's nothing I can do about that. Let's go home for now.*
Nene: ...What could you possibly need to tell me that needs to be private at this point? If it was something contract-related you would've just told me when we arrived. 
Nanao: ......
Nene: It's really unusual to see you look so conflicted. 
Nanao: That's how important this is. 
Nene: So... what did you want to discuss? 
Nanao: ...Right. 
Nanao: Do you remember the exact wish you made with me when we formed your contract? 
Nene: Well... Naturally. It was that I didn't want my parents' divorce to have happened. 
Nanao: No, that wasn't everything. What you said to me was something along the lines of "I want to reverse my parents' divorce and redo things as a family, without any fighting."
Nene: Oh... I guess I did. But that seems to be relatively the same thing to me... Does that addition pose any problem?
Nanao: ...I guess you haven't realized yet. 
Nene: ......? What are you talking about?
Nanao: ......
Nanao: What I'm about to tell you is very important, Nene, so listen closely. 
Nene: Okay... What is it?
Shuuji: ......
*I stare at my phone while lying on bed, bored. *
*I've been doing this ever since I got back, but my phone hasn't made any noise. *
*Despite how long I've waited, Nene's text hasn't come yet. *
Shuuji: Man, it's almost 11 pm.
*I really doubt their talk would last THIS long. *
*And Nene promised me she'd text me...*
Shuuji: Maybe she just simply forgot?
Shuuji: Everything would be okay if that was it... But I'm not gonna be able to sleep until I know she's safe.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Guess I'll text her.
*I'm getting really antsy. *
Shuuji: What if she doesn't reply though? Do I have any way of getting in contact with Souma-san?
*Well, I don't have her number. *
Shuuji: The more I think about this situation, the more worrying it feels. 
*Right as I'm agonizing over what to do, I hear the new text noise. *
*"I'm sorry I didn't text you sooner. I was taking a bath. I got home safely, so don't worry. Sorry, but I'm a little tired now, so I'm going to sleep."*
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Did something bad happen?
*The message feels a little dreary for her. *
*I'm glad I got confirmation that she's okay... But all this did was introduce a new worry. *
*The only problem is, she said she was going to sleep... So I don't want to pester her about it.*
Shuuji: Well, whatever... I'll just wait and talk to her about it tomorrow when I see her. 
*"Thanks for messaging me. See you tomorrow, and sweet dreams."*
*I decided to just give her something short and sweet. I was able to hear from her, so that alleviated some of my anxiousness. I should be able to sleep tight. *
================================================================================
Nene: ......
Shuuji: ......
*Her demeanor hasn't much changed since we entered the classroom.*
*Actually, I feel like the distance gap between us has widened. *
*Our eyes meet occasionally, but there's no exchange of words. The only time we properly talked was when we said hello before school started. *
*I could probably go and talk to her if I absolutely needed to... But right now, I have nothing to talk about. *
Shuuji: *sigh*
Hideaki: What's up with you, man? Why the sigh?
Shuuji: Reasons. 
Hideaki: ......
*No use staring at her forever. *
Shuuji: Wanna go to the cafeteria?
Hideaki: Huh? Been awhile since we last went there together.
Shuuji: I guess.
*I leave the classroom with Kaidou and head to the cafeteria.*
Hideaki: Thank you, oh gracious gods, for this wonderful meal!
Hideaki: *munch* *munch*... Man, meal A is the bee's knees! It's definitely worth the slightly higher price. Hey, aren't you gonna eat?
Shuuji: Right, sorry. 
*Kaidou vigorously stuffs his mouth full of chicken. *
*...Still gotta eat even when you're depressed. *
*I also start eating my chicken, but not nearly with the energy that Kaidou does. *
Shuuji: ...Mh?
Hideaki: What's wrong? Find a bug in your food or somethin'?
Shuuji: No, it's fine... Hey, is it just me, or has the taste changed? Like, it seems blander...
Hideaki: I don't notice anything. It's got plenty of seasoning, and the meat's cooked enough. 
Hideaki: Maybe it is just you. 
Shuuji: Hmm.
*He's right; the crispy chicken meat is juicy. Most people would probably say it's one of the best dishes this cafeteria has to offer. *
*But, I don't know. It feels like something's missing. *
*It just feels almost... tasteless, I guess? I don't know if I've ever had a meal that felt this lacking.*
Hideaki: Wanna give me some of yours, and I'll give you some of mine?
Shuuji: U-Uh, sure. Thanks.
*I exchange one piece of chicken with Kaidou to compare. *
Hideaki: Mmm, tastes great. Seems just the same as mine.
Shuuji: Hmm. Well, just forget I said anything. 
Hideaki: It's cool.
*I plop Kaidou's piece of chicken into my mouth, and unsurprisingly, it's just as dull tasting. *
*I wouldn't say it tastes bad or anything... It just feels insipid.  *
*So, in conclusion, the problem doesn't lie with the food, but me. *
Hideaki: Aren't you acting a bit funny? 
Shuuji: ...Might be.
*Following the dull and boring lunch, classes resume. I sit at my desk spacing out, unable to concentrate throughout all of them, when before I know it, school is out. *
*Normally I'd be heading to club, ready and excited, but I dunno... My legs are dragging today. *
*I just want to crawl in some hole and run away from everything...*
*But nevertheless, I head to club as usual. *
*All the while clinging to the small hope that I might get to talk with her some there. *
*My hopes are soon and swiftly betrayed...*
Nene: ......
*No conversation whatsoever.*
*Being closer to each other here than in the classroom, we naturally shoot each other the occasional glance, and our eyes meet...*
Shuuji: Ah... uh...
Shuuji: ......
*But it only takes a second for silence to resume. *
*I've lost count of how many times this has happened by now. *
*Nene's probably dealing with the same inner turmoils that I am, which results in an air of awkwardness that weights down on everyone present. Time keeps on ticking, but we all just sit in silence.*
Meguru: ...Is it just me.
Tsumugi: ...Or does the room feel.
Touko: ...Heavy.
Nene: Alright. I'll see you all tomorrow, then. Goodbye. 
*Once club is over, Nene is the first one to leave. *
Shuuji: ......
*How many times am I gonna be forced to watch her run away from me like that?*
*She's right in front of me, but I can't do a damn thing. My powerlessness is eating me apart.*
*The greater my love for Nene is, the more it torments me. The deeper this knife digs into my aching heart.  *
Shuuji: Guess I'm gonna go too. Bye, you guys. 
Meguru: Ah, right. See you later. 
Touko: Bye.
Tsumugi: Hope you're feeling better... tomorrow.
*I walk down the dimly-lit street all by my lonesome.*
*This deafening silence reminds me of the clubroom, how I couldn't talk to her any... It sinks in―and I start to feel my heart ache.*
Shuuji: I'm home, Dad. 
Taichi: Hey there, champ.
Shuuji: Didn't think you'd be here. You got back pretty early, huh?
Taichi: Happens sometimes. What about you? Another fun day of club?
Shuuji: Yeah... I guess. 
Taichi: ...You don't sound too hot. What's up?
Shuuji: Well, a bunch of stuff...
Shuuji: Also, do you mind if I make dinner a bit later today? Sorry. 
Taichi: Sure, no complaints here... Actually, you know what, you just sit tight. I'll whip up dinner today. 
Taichi: It's not often I get home this early, so I'll give you a break!
Shuuji: ...Thanks. 
Taichi: No problemo! I'll call you once it's ready, so just relax in your room until then. 
Shuuji: Alright. 
*I toss my bookbag on the ground, and flop on my bed without bothering to change out of my uniform. *
Shuuji: If only I could muster up the courage to call her or something...
*Judging by how she was acting, though, I doubt she'd answer. *
*And having to purposefully ignore my call would just make her feel worse. *
*So, all things considered... I can't just call her to see if she'll pick up.*
Shuuji: ......
*All I'm doing is moping around, like some idiot... Not accomplishing jack shit. *
*Guess I'm back to my pre-summer break self now... Or really, I'm probably worse.*
*Nene means the absolute world to me. That's why everything's hitting me so hard. *
Shuuji: Guess I at least know how much she means to me, but it sure doesn't mean much now...
*Having the person you love mere inches away, but unable to touch them, unable to talk to them―it's a feeling that's painful beyond words. *
*And the worst part is I'm not the only one who feels this pain...*
================================================================================
Nene: Shuuji-kun...
Shuuji: Mh... mmh?
*Huh... I hear a beautifully soft, clear voice...*
Nene: It's time to get up, Shuuji-kun.
Shuuji: Mh, mmh... mhh?
Nene: Good morning.
Shuuji: Are you an angel...
Nene: C-Come again...? Am I an angel?
*Ah, it wasn't one. Well, actually, she is an angel in a sense. *
*The person who woke me up is Ayachi Nene, my angel. *
Shuuji: Is that you, Nene...? Am I dreaming?
*I have to be.*
*I'm clearly not in my room. So why would I be sleeping here?*
Shuuji: Thought this was real for a second... *yawn* Really threw me for a loop.
Nene: This isn't a dream, silly. Don't go back to sleep on me. It's time to get up.
Shuuji: It has to be a dream. No other reason you'd be in my room first thing in the morning... Mmm, I love you, bed.
Nene: Stop talking nonsense and get up. We need to get to school. 
Shuuji: Mhh...
Nene: You're just pretending to be asleep, aren't you? If you don't get up... I won't be happy with you. 
Shuuji: Oh... And what are you gonna do...?
Nene: I'll forcibly get you up... Mhh *kiss*
Shuuji: Mhhh?!
*My nose gets pinched suddenly, and I struggle to breathe.*
*My mouth immediately tries to open, but it's sealed as well. *
*It's not a hand, but more soft and squishy... Wait, are these lips?!*
Shuuji: ―Puah! *pant* *pant*...
Shuuji: N-Nene...? The real Nene? This is real? It's not a dream?
Nene: Good morning.
Shuuji: M-Morning... B-But why am I...
*It's all coming back to me now. *
*I kept embracing Nene as long as she wanted, and well... we ended up coming back to her place and falling asleep. *
*And, for the record, I only held her. No sexy time.*
*It just wasn't the kind of mood for that... Like, what kind of jerk would pressure a crying girl to have sex with him...*
Nene: Umm... I'm sorry for showing you something so shameful yesterday.
Shuuji: Oh no, you don't have to worry about that. 
Shuuji: Besides, it's the guy's job to comfort his girlfriend when she's feeling scared. 
Nene: But you had to stay over here because of that... Surely your father wasn't too pleased...
Shuuji: Eh, he didn't care. Heck, when I told him I was sleeping over at a friend's place, he was practically jumping for joy. Said he was glad I've been making friends. 
Nene: That's relieving. 
*He was seriously ecstatic, holy cow...*
*Of course I didn't tell him who that "friend" is... I can already imagine how peeved he'd be if I said I was staying over at my girlfriend's house.*
Nene: By the way, are you hungry? I have breakfast ready... Would you like to eat together? 
Shuuji: Oh, heck yeah I would! Thanks for doing this, Nene.
Nene: Oh no, it's nothing worth mentioning... Also, I made lunch for us too, so let's eat together later at school.
Shuuji: Perfect. I can't wait. 
Nene: You do like rice, don't you? Here, I have some for you. 
Shuuji: Ah, yeah, thanks.
*I can feel the warmth of the rice on the bowl she hands me. *
*This is kinda nice... Waking up and having breakfast ready for you. *
Nene: ......? Is something the matter?
Shuuji: Nope, just savoring this bliss. Waking up to breakfast is a nice feeling. 
Shuuji: It's almost like we're married. 
Nene: ......
Nene: Th-That might be true... You're going to make me blush if you say that. 
*God is she adorable...*
Shuuji: Alright, time to dig in.
Nene: Please help yourself.
*But the best part of this all is that I get to see Nene's lovely smile first thing in the morning. *
*The greatest smile ever, that I'd been dying to see but couldn't these past few days... Boy am I glad I came clean with her about how I felt. *
*After we finish breakfast, Nene takes cares of the cleanup.*
*In the meantime, I head back home so I can get my stuff for school. *
*Once done, we meet up again, and go to school together. *
Nene: *giggle*
Shuuji: ...Hm? What're you so giddy over?
*We're taking the usual route to school and considering the time, some of our peers might see us...*
*But I'm over that by now. *
*I've decided to live our remaining days to the fullest. *
Nene: Why would I not be happy when I get to be with you. 
Nene: And I got to spend the night with you too, so that meant I could watch you as you slept. 
Shuuji: ...Stop, you're embarrassing me. 
Nene: It made me really happy. I got to see a face of yours I've never seen before. 
Shuuji: Is it really that special? Well, I guess it has to be a little different... But hey, do you think I've been acting a little childish around you? 
Shuuji: I kinda sat down and thought about it once, and I let you spoil me quite a bit. 
Nene: Do you think so? I, um... Didn't really notice that. I thought it was the other way around, really...
Nene: Oh, but I can see what you're talking about. You can be quite childish at times. 
Shuuji: So you do think so...?
*I want to be a more mature person... But I don't know, when I'm with Nene, I just can't keep my cool.*
*...Though I do feel like part of it is because I'm not a very mature person to begin with.*
Shuuji: Are you okay with me being like that? You don't want me to act more mature, or anything?  
Nene: Fueh?! W-Well... umm... I-I'm fine with it. I don't mind it at all. I mean, it did, umm... f-feel good when you...
Shuuji: ...What?
Nene: Y-You know, wh-when you sucked on my boobs... You were almost like a baby, and I found that really cute... I also enjoyed it, so well... I don't mind you being childish. 
Shuuji: THAT'S what you think of when I say childish?!
Nene: Nghhh... Gosh! Stop making me talk about these things in the middle of the street!
Nene: I'll say it again, okay? I'm totally fine with it. I love everything about you. Your childish side... Your kind, gentle side―everything. 
Shuuji: Me too. I love everything about you, from how you can be so cute, to how you can be childish and stubborn. 
Shuuji: I also like how dirty you can be. 
Nene: Nnh―――!
Nene: ...Well, I don't like how much of a meanie-pants you are. If you tease me too much, I won't like you anymore.
Shuuji: What...? You won't... like me?
Nene: ......
Nene: Urk...
Nene: Ngggghhhhhhh...!
Shuuji: ......
Nene: D-Don't give me those puppy-dog eyes! I was lying, okay? I didn't mean it!
Nene: You know I'd never stop liking you. 
Shuuji: Phew. That's a relief. 
Nene: ...You're such a meanie, Shuuji-kun.
Shuuji: Sorry. But if there's one other thing I love about you, it's you and your cute reactions.
Nene: Don't think you can weasel your way out of any situation just by telling me you love me. I'm not that gullible. 
Shuuji: Huh?
Nene: ...Do you have something to say? 
Shuuji: Ah, err... No. Forget it.
*Not gullible, huh...*
Meguru: Ah, Nene-senpai!
*Right as we arrive on school grounds, we see Inaba-san shouting at us, waving her hand exaggeratedly. *
Meguru: Helloha!
Tsumugi: Hey there.
Nene: Good morning, Inaba-san. Good morning, Shiiba-san.
Shuuji: Morning.
Meguru, Tsumugi: ......
Nene: I-Is everything okay? You're staring at me rather intently. Do I have bed head or something?
Meguru: Oh, hardly. You look absolutely fantastic. 
Tsumugi: We're just glad to see you two back together. 
Meguru: Everything seems to be back to normal, and we're happy for you two. 
Shuuji: Sorry for worrying you.
Tsumugi: But man, I am soo relieved. 
Nene: I'm very sorry for all the trouble we caused you. But it's alright now. I've decided not to lie to myself any further, so we're going to be back to normal from now on.
Meguru: That's perfect. Phew, seriously, I'm so glad.
Touko: Ah, hey there, everyone. How's it going?
Shuuji: Good morning, Togakushi-senpai.
Touko: All good now, huh? Perfect, perfect. That's a load off my mind.
Shuuji: Your advice really helped me a lot. So thank you for that. 
Touko: It wasn't much of anything special, but if it helped, then I'm glad. 
Touko: Fights happen from time to time in relationships, no matter how much you love each other. You just have to not be stubborn about things, and consider what you truly value. 
Shuuji: Yeah. I think you're completely right with that.
*The last thing I want is for our relationship to end with regret. *
*I need to make the most of every minute I have with her, and engrave these feelings into my heart.  *
*But, of course, classes still take priority.*
*I'm sitting in class, like a good student. *
*I mean, it'd be a little hard to fully enjoy myself if I had to deal with a guilty conscious from skipping class. *
*I guess I am kind of a wuss in that regard. *
*But Nene would feel bad about skipping too, so it doesn't matter, really...*
Kanae: What you wanna do with the underlined part B is figure out the central message. Split it up word by word, and you get four important words: nature, humans, science, and coexistence. So, then, once you go back to the sentence in question―
*I just can't concentrate.*
*I know I have to, but my mind keeps getting distracted thinking about Nene. *
*As I take my notes, I steal the occasional glance at her. *
Nene: ......
*She appears to be wholly focused on class. She's not looking my way or anything. *
*She's staring down at her notebook with a serious face. *
*Seeing her like that encourages me to stop messing around.*
*I shouldn't be using her as an excuse to pay attention, really. Focus Shuuji, focus.*
Kanae: And with that, we can see that the correct answer to the question would be A. So, everyone understand? Any questions?
Kanae: ...If not, then okay. We'll stop here for today.
*The bell rings and Hisashima-sensei walks out of the classroom.*
*Hmm... That wasn't good. I'll need to review everything we've went over these past few days sometime when I'm home. *
*All of our classmates are busy putting away their textbooks and stuff, but Nene keeps staring at her notebook the way she was during class.  *
*Wait a second... Isn't that strange? She seriously hasn't moved an inch since class let out. *
*Curious, I slowly approach her, when I'm assaulted by a sweet fragrance.*
Nene: Mmh, fuuh... fuuh...
*She's squirming around, rubbing her thighs together. There's even sweat running down her forehead. *
*But most telling of all is her heavy breathing. This means she wasn't concentrating on class like I thought... But desperately trying to fight off the arousal. What the hell?!*
Nene: Foo, foo... mmmh... *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*
Shuuji: A-Are you okay, Nene?
Nene: (Not at all... I'm already... dripping... mhhh *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*... I don't, think I can hold out any longer!)
Shuuji: It's THAT bad?!
Nene: (It's almost, like a form of punishment... for not touching each other, these past days. It's really bad... mhh, ah, oh god, my body's going numb.)
Shuuji: C-Crap, this isn't good!
Tsumugi: ...Everything okay?
Shuuji: Ah, Shiiba-san! Perfect!
Tsumugi: U-Umm, is something going on?
Shuuji: Nene's having one of her you-know-whats from the thing of the thing!
Tsumugi: I have no idea what you're trying to say...
Nene: M-My... my contract, price... ah, mmh...
Tsumugi: Wait, so you meant... THAT thing?! O-Oh gosh, this is bad! Wh-What now? What do we do?
Shuuji: Well, first I gotta get her out of here. Can you come up with an excuse to tell the next teacher when they get here?
Tsumugi: S-Sure! Leave it to me! I'll think of something!
Shuuji: Thanks. See you later. 
Nene: I-I'm sorry... for the trouble.
Tsumugi: Don't worry about me, just go!
Nene: O-Okay... mh, mmmh!
*I thus leave the classroom in a rush with a trembling Nene.*
Nene: Mmmh *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*... I can't wait anymore...
Shuuji: Wh-What do you want me to do? I can, umm... Wait outside until you're done if you want.
Nene: What? Y-You're going to... leave...? *pant*... *pant*
Shuuji: W-Well, I mean... If you...
Nene: *pant* *pant* *pant*... Mh, mhh... f-fuuh, fuuh... mmh!
*She gazes at me with moist eyes. *
*The sweet, succulent aroma that's been hanging in the air has stirred up my arousal as well. *
*Fuck, if she looks at me like that... I know school isn't the place to be doing this, but I won't be able to stop myself. *
Shuuji: .........
Shuuji: Er... Do you want me to?
Nene: I-It, won't hurt...
Shuuji: ―――?!
*My heart throbs against my chest, and the blood circulating throughout my body converges to my groin as my penis gets harder.*
*Th-There's no mixed messages there... She wants to have sex. *
Nene: Besides, I got this way in the first place... *pant*... *pant* mmh... because I was thinking about you... mmmh!
Shuuji: I-It... did?
Nene: My thoughts were so occupied with you... I-I couldn't focus on class at all... *pant*... *pant*... S-So... *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*
Shuuji: I want to feel you too. I want to feel your warmth with my whole body like that time before...
Nene: Ah, aaaaaah... *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*
*Gazing lustfully at each other, we slowly bring our faces closer. *
*But, before we can kiss, she stops.*
Nene: Ah, wait... If we do this my uniform will get dirty...
Shuuji: ...Huh? So... should we not, then?
Nene: N-No, don't... I can't hold myself back... *pant* *pant* *pant*... J-Just let me do this.
Nene: Now we won't have to worry about dirtying my uniform. 
Shuuji: G-Good point. But, umm...
*I've always known how sexy that outfit is... But I got myself in the habit of not thinking about it. *
*But now, when we're about to have sex...*
Shuuji: ...You sure? I, umm, might start to feel really horny when I see you in your witch outfit from now on.
Nene: That's fine. Anyways... *pant* *pant*... mmmh!
*She removes some of the belts strapped around her upper body, then gets on the desk and thrusts her ass in my face. *
================================================================================
Shuuji: Mh, mmh... Is it morning?
*It's Saturday: the day of our date.*
*The weather today is lovely. Perfect for an outside excursion. *
Shuuji: Guess I better get up.
*I can't risk being late.*
Shuuji: Morning, Dad. 
Taichi: Hey there, son. Top of the morning to ya!
Shuuji: Oh, you have work today? 
Taichi: Yep. We're nearing the end of the year here. Got some things I wanna finish up before that so I can have a relaxing holiday.
Taichi: Besides, I got people working under me. When you're in that position you can't just think about yourself. It comes with a whole lot of responsibilities...
Shuuji: Do you guys have meetings and stuff? 
Taichi: Hmm? Pretty rare for you to be curious about what I do at work.
Shuuji: Do you guys go to any good restaurants when you have those meetings? I could use some recommendations. 
Taichi: ......
*Dad freezes up after hearing me ask him that, and shoots me a perplexed gaze. *
Taichi: What's this for?
Shuuji: Why does it matter... I'm just curious...
Taichi: ......
Shuuji: ......
Taichi: This might not be a nice thing for a father to be saying to his son, but golly gee, you suck at hiding things. 
Taichi: I'm a little bit worried for ya. That's how easy to read you are.
Shuuji: O-Oh, shut it! Just tell me! Do you know any places or not?! 
Taichi: We generally hold our meetings at the office... But oh, right, I remember some of the women talking about a cafe they liked. 
Taichi: I can't say if it's any good since I've never been, but I could tell you the name. 
Shuuji: O-Okay... Sure.
Taichi: You need any extra money to take with ya?
Shuuji: If you have any on you. 
Taichi: Sure. Since you're on a date, you gotta go all out!
Taichi: A-Also, umm... Are you coming home tonight? Or are you staying the night somewhere? 
Shuuji: Why are you blushing, for crying out loud?
Taichi: Look, kiddo, I'm your dad here. I don't whether I should be worried about you not coming home or be happy. 
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: I'll probably come home today.
Taichi: You don't have to worry about me, y'know? I know you're, um... getting to be a man now. I won't tell you you can't do those things. 
Shuuji: Oh my god, Dad! Stop talking about this at the breakfast table!
Shuuji: But right... I'll probably be back. She has other plans later in the day...
Shuuji: ......
Taichi: ......? What's wrong? You look kinda sad. 
Shuuji: It's nothing.
*Right. I can't be looking all gloom and glum when I'm about to go on a date. *
Shuuji: Thanks for the money, by the way.
Taichi: All good. Just make sure to show that girl a good time. 
Shuuji: I will.
Shuuji: ......
*I've arrived at our meeting spot. *
*I'm feeling... a little nervous, to be honest. *
*I take out my phone to check the time. And after that, I double-check with the square's clock. *
*And I end up going through that same, pointless process over and over again.*
Shuuji: ............
*It's almost time... Wait. We did say 10 am, right? I don't think I got it wrong. *
*Well, not that it's a problem. I don't mind waiting. *
Shuuji: H-Hmm...
Nene: ......? Is something the matter, Shuuji-kun?
Shuuji: Whoa, N-Nene?! When did you get here?!
Nene: I arrived just now... Sorry, have you been here for a while? I know I cut things very close...
Shuuji: No, not at all.
*Guess I got too lost in thought and didn't register my surroundings. *
Shuuji: Morning, Nene.
Nene: Good morning.
*We greet each other with bright smiles.*
*It's that beautiful smile that I know her for. Mhm, looking cute...*
Nene: ......? Is something wrong?
Shuuji: I was just captivated by your smile.
Nene: What? Ah... urk... There you go again, teasing and embarrassing me...
Shuuji: Hey, it was the truth.
*I'll admit that she's super cute when she blushes, but I honestly wasn't trying to tease her. *
Nene: Well, that's enough talking. We should get going. 
Shuuji: Right. So any ideas? Any place you wanna go, or any things you wanna do? 
Nene: Let's see... umm.
Shuuji: It can be anything you want. 
*I did come up with a plan, and I did also get the name of a nice cafe from my dad. *
*But that's our backup plan. If there's anything Nene wants to do, I'll prioritize that.*
*After all, this is our first date, and we only get one of those.  *
Nene: A-Alright... Then, ya―
Shuuji: Ya?
Nene: Yakiniku! I want to go to a yakiniku buffet.
Shuuji: ...You wanna go to a buffet?
Nene: Yes. I've always wanted to try going to those once... Is it too weird? I know, a buffet on our first date is a little...
Shuuji: Nah, I don't mind going. It was just a little unexpected.
*I almost forgot. Nene's the type of girl who prefers places like that conveyor belt sushi joint, or Taroumaru Ramen over normal restaurants. *
*Considering that, a yakiniku buffet is just the type of place I'd expect her to suggest. *
Shuuji: Well, we can go there later, but we need stuff to kill time doing first. Anything else you want to do?
Nene: Hmm... Karaoke, bowling, oh and also a photo booth...
Shuuji: Quite a lot there. 
Nene: I'm sorry. They're all things I've been interested in doing, but I could never work up the courage to go alone...
Shuuji: Nothing wrong with that. It actually makes me happy that I get to do all these things with you. 
Shuuji: Aight, we're gonna do all of 'em! We'll have some yakiniku, go to a karaoke bar, bowl, and take some pictures at a photo booth.
Shuuji: Everything you want to do, Nene.
Nene: ...Thanks!
*It's funny, when we were giving Kawakami-kun advice for his date a while back, we told him go lighter and not pack on too many things to do, but we're doing the exact opposite here.*
*So, after deciding, we head to a bowling alley first. *
Nene: It's actually my first time bowling... Could you teach me?
*As it turns out, all the things Nene suggested were things she'd never done before. *
*Bowling, karaoke, the photo booth; she was super excited for all of them. *
*But what she was most excited for was the yakiniku buffet she brought up first. *
Nene: A yakiniku buffet, meat galore! All the sauce I want!
*She's been saying that nonstop, eyes sparkling. *
*She was especially thrilled to try out the ice cream machine. *
Nene: Shuuji-kun, look! I did it! I made myself ice cream!
Shuuji: You did pretty good for your first time. 
Nene: Umm, if it's alright by you... Could I make you one as well?
Shuuji: Sure. Actually, I'd love that. 
Nene: Okay! I'll be right back!
*She joyfully presses the handle on the ice cream machine, and twirls the cone around to form a beautiful cornet shape.*
Nene: ......
*After that, she spins the cone around to check it from all sides.*
*The key thing to note is that super serious expression on her face. *
*Presumably satisfied with the result, she proudly holds the ice cream cone out to me.*
Nene: Woohoo. I did it! Here you are.
Shuuji: Thanks, Nene.
Shuuji: Dang, this is good! I just knew the ice cream cone you made me would be extra good.
Nene: Thank you for the compliment. But I think the taste of the ice cream is the same no matter who makes it.
Shuuji: That's how it should be, yeah. Which is why it's all the more a mystery that mine tastes so good. 
*I lick my ice cream cone. *
Nene: ...Ah.
Shuuji: Hm? What's wrong?
Nene: You got a little bit of it on your face. 
Shuuji: Where?
*I automatically try to find it with my hand, but Nene takes her hand and stops me. *
Nene: Just sit still. I'll get it for you. 
Shuuji: Okay, thanks.
Nene: You're welcome... Alright then, umm, umm...
Nene: ...*lick*
Shuuji: Nnh―――?!
Nene: O-Okay. That was... all of it.
Shuuji: Nene, did you just...
*Sh-She straight-up licked me?! I did catch that right... didn't I?!*
Nene: Ah, urgh... S-Sorry. I just felt this strange urge to do that. But, even so... I think these kinds of things are normal for couples.
Shuuji: Yeah, it's all good. Shocked me a bit, but I don't mind. I kind of enjoyed it, actually.
Shuuji: So, um... yeah...
Nene: ......
Shuuji: ......
*She casts her eyes down in embarrassment. *
*I then resume eating my ice cream cone, and... purposely get some of it on the corner of my mouth.*
Nene: Ah...! Urg... nghh... Pervert. I hate you, meanie.
Shuuji: Hmm... You don't wanna do it again?
Nene: Gosh... You'd better not move. 
Nene: Mhhhh... *lick* Okay, that's all of it.
Shuuji: ......
Nene: Th-That was the last time I'm doing it, though, okay? There are people around us... And it's way too embarrassing. 
*True. It's lunch time, and the tables are filled with muscular guys in their 20s here for the all-you-can-eat.*
*I can literally feel the eyes of every person in this place on my back. *
All: Screw off!
*Might've gotten a little too carried away... Those guys seriously aren't happy. And their gazes hurt. *
*Wait, are you kidding me? Even the staff is glaring at me. Screw my life. *
*We flirted around basically in the same way at the bowling alley, karaoke, and the arcade. It's been a good day so far. *
*Our date continues on. We enjoy ourselves to our heart's content, caring neither for time or how exhausted our bodies are. *
Nene: *giggle*
*All throughout, I'm engraving these precious smiles of hers deep into my heart. *
*The sun's starting to set now. Luckily, we managed to get through all of the things she wanted to do.*
*It's still a bit early for dinner, but we also don't have enough time to go to another place.*
Shuuji: What now? Wanna go relax somewhere?
Nene: I wouldn't mind... But there's a place I'd like to go to. Would you care to come with me?
Shuuji: Sure, but where are we going?
Nene: Don't worry, it's somewhere close by. We can get there by foot.
Shuuji: Okay.
Shuuji: Wait...
Shuuji: Our school? What are we doing here?
Nene: Come on, we're not there yet!
Shuuji: Ah, wait up. Nene?
*Why would she want to come here?*
*There's nowhere to eat on campus, nor any real places to relax, surely. *
*Which only leaves one thing...*
Shuuji: Just to check... Are we allowed to enter?
Nene: Of course. Some of our sports teams are having competitions fairly soon, so the school is remaining open on weekends for the rest of the year. 
Shuuji: Oh, wow. I didn't know that. 
Nene: But we might want to make sure nobody sees us. We could get in trouble since we don't have on our uniforms. 
Shuuji: Got it.
*We sneak into the second building, making sure we don't run into anyone.*
Nene: Maybe here... Or I guess it could also work there. 
*Immediately after coming in, Nene starts to wander around the clubroom searching for a good spot to put the photo we took together at the photo booth. *
*Though, I'm not exactly sure how the others would take to it. They'd probably get jealous. *
*Inaba-san, especially. I can picture it now.*
Meguru: Are you trying to show off or what?
*She would glare at me while saying something along those lines. I just know it.*
*But I know better than to mention that to Nene.  *
Nene: Do you have any ideas, Shuuji-kun?
Shuuji: Hmm... I'd say either the locker or on the whiteboard. 
Nene: Ah, I was thinking of the locker too. Since we both agree on it, I say we do that. And, perfect. 
Nene: Looking at this really makes us seem like a true couple. 
Shuuji: Huh? I mean, we've done plenty of things couples do thus far in our relationship...
Nene: Yes, I do admit we've been pretty intimate... I know you mentioned it one time, how sometimes we seem more like a husband and wife. 
Shuuji: Ah, right. I remember that. 
Nene: It goes without saying that I've wholeheartedly enjoyed everything we've done in our relationship thus far... But new things can also be fun.
Shuuji: Yeah, I completely agree.
Nene: Perfect... I've had so much fun on our date that my mind is out of ideas. I'm completely satisfied. 
Shuuji: Me too. I had so much fun with you today it was crazy. 
Shuuji: But, the day's not quite over yet. 
Nene: ......
Shuuji: You ready? Let's go eat dinner somewhere.
Nene: I'd love to, but there's one problem... It seems my time is up.
*Saying that, she takes out her bottle of heart fragments. *
*But the bottle appears different―it emits a pale light in and of its own. *
*Is this... it?*
Nene: But don't worry, I'm happy with what we did. We ate yakiniku, I made ice cream with an ice cream machine, we went bowling, and sang karaoke, and we even took a picture together in a photo booth.
Nene: I would've wanted to eat dinner with you, too... If possible... But I don't think we have enough time left for that. 
Shuuji: ...Oh.
Nene: I want you to know, I truly had fun on our date. Getting to spend my day with you filled me with so much happiness.
Nene: There are countless more things that I would love to do with you... But I won't say that I have regrets. I'm happy. 
*After that, she gives me a smile. *
*It appears no different from her usual smile... But I can perceive her pain all-too-clearly. *
*...Each of those represent her true emotions right now. *
*She feels both parts joy and sorrow. *
*But I told her―she would be going to the past so she could find a happy life. *
*We would meet there once more, fall in love with each other, and achieve a life more happier than the one we have now. *
*It's my duty to see her off with a smile, so I clear my throat and quell the painful feelings in my chest. *
Shuuji: I'm happy too, Nene. I had more than enough fun today. 
Nene: ......
Shuuji: Nene?
Nene: ......
*As she stands there in silence, suddenly my vision is blinded by a dazzling light.*
*I reflexively close my eyes, but the light disperses soon after, and my vision returns. *
*Awaiting me is Nene, in her witch outfit. *
*I can only stand there gazing at her, mouth agape.*
Shuuji: ...Are you going to take my feelings?
Nene: After I've gone... There's a chance the hole in your heart may reopen. I have to retrieve them to prevent that from happening.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Alright.
Nene: You're not surprised, or anything? Do you really want to go forward with this so readily?
Shuuji: I love you more than the world, Nene. And I know that you love me just as much, if not more. 
Shuuji: So if this is what you want, then I'll go along with it. It's something I wanted to do, anyways. I don't want to leave you with any regrets.
Shuuji: Come on, Nene, don't frown like that. Give me that beautiful smile that I know and love you for.
Nene: I've... really changed. Before I met you, all I could think about was my contract... There very well could've been a hole in my own heart, just like yours. 
Nene: But I was able to change myself for the better. 
Shuuji: So was I. Meeting you made such a difference for me, Nene. 
Nene: I love the person I've become since then. Returning to my previous self... It's a very sad thought to me now. 
Shuuji: It's the exact same for me. Before summer break, I wasn't even capable of smiling from the bottom of my heart. I know how important and precious it is to smile now, thanks to you. 
Nene: I want to protect you, Shuuji-kun. Because of the gratitude I feel towards you. Of course, I know I have no right to say that when I'm about to cause you so much pain. 
Nene: It's selfish of me to force my own wishes on you, like I have some authority over you. I know I should feel ashamed of that. 
Nene: But still, I want to see you smile. I want you to be happy even after I leave. 
*Her hands tremble as she slowly loads a bullet into the magazine. *
*After putting it in, she lifts up the guns, shakily, and takes aim. *
Shuuji: ......
Nene: ...I'm so, so sorry for doing this. But I... want you to know...
Nene: I truly love you from the bottom of my heart.
Shuuji: I truly love you from the bottom of my heart too, Nene.
*I walk straight towards the barrel without the slightest hesitation.*
*Without stopping or slowing my feet, I approach her until the muzzle is aimed at my chest, and press it deeply against. *
*After that, I tightly embrace Nene. *
Shuuji: If you love me, Nene... Then don't look so sad. Everything will be alright. 
Shuuji: You promised me you'd be smiling when you left. 
Nene: ......
Shuuji: If you cried during our final moment together I'm sure you'd end up regretting it. 
Shuuji: And just a minute or two ago, you said you didn't want any regrets. You'd ruin it all by doing something like that now. 
*After I finish talking, a pale light begins to radiate from the girl in my arms. *
*It's the same light that comes from her bottle. *
Shuuji: Nene... this light...
Nene: This really is it...
Shuuji: ...I guess so.
*I put more strength into my arms, squeezing the girl in my arms tight.*
*In just a few moments, she'll be going on a long, long journey. *
*And these are my final moments with her... It's the last time I'll be able to physically feel this warmth. *
*The muzzle of her gun eats into the left side of my chest. *
Nene: P-Please know... I really, truly love you. I love you so much, and―
Shuuji: That's enough. 
Shuuji: I already know how you feel. And likewise, you know how I feel.
Shuuji: So if you want to give me anything, give me a smile, Nene. And I'll give you one too, to wish you luck on your journey. 
Nene: ......
Nene: Thank you. I'll find happiness, I promise. And furthermore, I'll find you, and we'll be happy together. 
Shuuji: I know you can do it. 
Nene: It will happen. You have my word on it. 
Shuuji: Okay.
Nene: It may take a bit of time... But I swear to you that I'll find you and make you happy. We'll both smile again, together, from the bottom of our hearts.
*Her face is all smiles. *
*Tears stream down her cheeks, but she maintains that smile nonetheless. *
*At the same time, the light her body is emitting begins to intensify. *
Nene: Ah... We really... Don't have any more time...
Shuuji: Ah――!
*If I could be allowed to speak from my heart, I would tell her not to go. *
*I would scream at her "Don't go, Nene!", tears streaming down my face, as pitiful as that would be. *
*But I know I can't do that. That would only make her suffer.*
Shuuji: ......
*That's why I look at her with the most gentle smile I can muster. *
Shuuji: See you soon, Nene.
Nene: ...See you soon.
*In the next moment, she pulls the trigger and the room erupts with a flash of light.*
*Upon opening my eyes, I see our clubroom, just like normal.*
Shuuji: ......
*I look around everywhere... But I'm the only one here.*
*It feels like I just woke from a dream.*
*A happy fairytale, where I was granted the perfect life I've always dreamed of.*
*Except my memories are still intact. *
*I still recall her smile, and I still feel the vestiges of her warmth. *
*But Nene, my one and only, is nowhere to be found.*
Shuuji: ...Nene.
*I say her name in a hushed whisper.*
*Though there is no one to answer my desperate call. *
Shuuji: I still remember it, everything... Did the magic maybe fulfill her wish in a different way, or did it outright fail... Or what?
Nanao: No, her magic did activate.
Shuuji: Souma-san...
*I don't bother asking her why she was here.*
*She must have come, worried about us. *
Nanao: Nene successfully returned to the past, without a doubt. 
Shuuji: So what about my memories...
Nanao: They'll probably disappear gradually. The world's alteration has already started... Just look at the locker.
*I do as she says and turn my eyes to it.*
*The photo of Nene and me is still stuck on it.*
*But it's not quite the photo we took.*
Shuuji: She's...
*We took the photo together, but now I'm the only one in it. *
*I quickly get out the other ones we took and check them... But they're the same way. *
Shuuji: She's really disappearing altogether...
Nanao: Little by little... Every inconsistency resulting from Nene not existing here anymore will be straightened out. Your memories of her... included.
Shuuji: ......
*It still doesn't feel real to me.*
*I can't bring myself to believe she's really going to disappear from my memory... I remember her so clearly right now. I love her so much...*
Shuuji: I have to thank you... You listening to my selfish request and allowing Nene to take my heart fragments with her.
Nanao: It wasn't only your request. It was both yours, and hers... And honestly, I wanted it to happen as well.
Shuuji: You did...?
Nanao: It might not be easy to believe after all I've put you through in these past few weeks, but I want that girl to be happy just as much as you do. 
Shuuji: Don't worry... I know that. I can tell she means a lot to you. 
Nanao: ......
Nanao: Is that what sadness feels like, I wonder...? No, nevermind. Forget I said that. 
Shuuji: ...I believe in my bond with Nene.
Nanao: It looks like your heart came out just fine, then. Boy oh boy... I was seriously worried about what to do if you ended up with a broken heart...
Shuuji: I thought I told you that wouldn't happen. 
Shuuji: So... did you tell Nene it was a special bullet?
Nanao: Yeah, I think she bought it. Completely fell for that lie of mine. It's probably the only reason she did something that ran the risk of tearing your heart apart. 
Nanao: It's still a bit early to say it didn't have any effect, though. We'll have to wait for a bit longer and see. 
Nanao: If you notice anything weird about you, come to me right away. Okay?
Shuuji: I'll do that. 
Nanao: Alright, I'll be going back then. What about you?
Shuuji: I think I'll stay here for a bit longer. 
Nanao: Okay.
*Souma-san leaves the clubroom, meaning I'm all alone now. *
*I've spent so many minutes with Nene in this very room, yet now I'm the only one here. *
*It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say this clubroom was the cornerstone of our relationship together. *
*Being here in this room... Makes me feel like she's still here with me.*
Shuuji: ...I hope she managed to take my heart fragments with her. 
*I'm a little worried, to be honest. *
*I mean, if they truly went with her, if everything worked out like it was supposed to―*
Shuuji: Then why does my chest hurt so much...
*It hurts so badly, it feels like it's being forcibly ripped in two... If I wasn't specifically trying not to, I would burst into tears the next second. *
*I can't cry, I know I can't. But having to hold back the tears only makes it all more painful. *
*It's so agonizing...*
Shuuji: Nene...
Shuuji: Ngh... kgh...
*Despite my best efforts, I can't stop the tears from coming out...*
Shuuji: I love you, Nene. I love you so, so much... It's just no use.
Shuuji: ...I'm sorry I wasn't able to keep my promise. I'm sorry, Nene.
Shuuji: I'll be back to normal the next time I come here, so please, just at least... let me... for now...
*.........*
*......*
*...*
*I couldn't fall asleep at all that night. *
*Part of it was the sadness. A storm of emotions was rampaging inside my chest... And I just couldn't bring myself to sleep.*
*I did close my eyes, but all I did was lie on the bed like that. *
*The other part was that I was simply too afraid to sleep. *
*I still remembered her. My feelings, too, were still just as alive. *
*I felt like if I went to sleep, I might wake up, and they'd be gone. Just like with the photo...*
*No matter what I tried, I couldn't get to sleep.*
================================================================================
Shuuji: See you soon, Nene.
Nene: ...See you soon.
*I slowly pull the trigger of my gun, thrust deep into his chest. *
*I can feel the tears dripping down my own cheeks. *
*But still, I keep my face in a smile. I must keep my promise to Shuuji-kun. *
*I put all the sadness and pain my body feels into this finger, pulling on the trigger of my gun. *
*Shuuji-kun's body bends back upon impact, his arms still around me. *
*Simultaneously, the light radiating from my body intensifies, and my vision becomes a blur of white. *
*Immediately after, I feel my conscious being ripped away forcibly from this warmth, from the person I love so dearly. *
Nene: Uh... Mhh...?
*When I awaken, I'm sitting atop a bed. *
*I have to wonder, is traveling back to the past truly possible?*
*Maybe that was just a dream... Maybe I'll get up now, go to school, and everything will be back to normal...*
*But only a moment after thinking that... I notice something.*
Nene: This is... my old room...
*The room I had when I lived with my mom and dad... Before they got divorced. *
Nene: So it really happened, then...?
*I swiftly check my own body, only to see that―indeed, it's not the same.*
*I'm much smaller than I was just moments ago. *
Nene: I can hardly believe it... This means everything that happened at Himematsu Academy was―
*Before I can finish my sentence, I take notice of something that I've been holding in my clenched fist. *
*I slowly open my hand to see...*
Nene: These are those...
Nanao: "They're fragments, Nene. Manifested heart fragments."
Nene: N-Nanao? Is that you?
Nanao: "That shard is composed of the heart fragments you just took from Hoshina-kun."
Nene: But... Why do I have it in my hand...? I thought I returned to the past...
Nanao: "Right. Since only your consciousness returned, it wasn't possible to send anything physical with you."
Nanao: "Fragments, however, are clusters of human emotion. The amount you have there with you was tiny enough to travel alongside your consciousness."
Nanao: "Remember, you gathered a teensy bit more mana than required. That also allowed me to send this message with you, too."
Nene: A message, you said...?
Nanao: "I have a few final things to say to you... Like I've told you countless times, you can only make one contract. You'll never have the ability to sign another now."
Nanao: "This is your one and only chance to make things right. I want you to keep that in mind."
Nene: ...I'm aware of that.
Nene: After listening to so many people's problems, and becoming Shuuji-kun's girlfriend, I've learned that I can't just waste my time away... 
Nene: Nothing will change if I fall back into the mindset I used to have. 
Nene: It took me a while to realize it... But I need to put in an effort to achieve the life I want. 
Nanao: "Good luck, Nene. I'm sure you'll be just fine. You'll find that happy life you wished for."
Nene: ......
Nene: Thank you, Nanao.
Nene: Ah...!
*After that, both her image and voice fade away... Now I'm back to being alone in this room. *
*But I'm not living alone anymore... This is my room from when I still lived together with my mom and dad, all three of us.*
*I also have Shuuji-kun's fragments inside my hand. *
*The shard is a little bigger than I expected... Wait, no. That's only because my hands have gotten smaller...*
*I close my hand once more and slowly take in the sensation of the fragments. *
Nene: They're here with me. I have the shard right there, in my hand. And... it's so warm. I can feel Shuuji-kun's warmth by touching it...
*It's not an illusion, or anything of the sort. *
*So everything that happened was entirely real... It wasn't a dream. *
Nene: I was actually sent back...
Nene: The magic worked...
Nene: ......
Nene: *hic*... *sniffle*...
Nene: I can't... I promised him, I promised him... I, wouldn't...!
Nene: *hic* *hic*... Ah... *sniffle* *sob*!
*Just having this shard isn't enough... It's not nearly enough. *
*I want to feel his actual warmth... I want him to wrap his arms around me and make me feel safe and secure.*
*Now that I'm really here, it all sets in. I can't go back, and the tears don't stop coming. *
*I thought I had let all my emotions out already. I truly did. *
*But now that I'm alone, now that there's nobody to see me cry my eyes out, all the emotions that I'd kept inside me come bursting through. *
*I sob loudly and without reserve, like a small child separated from their parents. *
*I'm sorry I couldn't keep my promise, Shuuji-kun. I swear I'll start smiling again tomorrow, so please, just give me this one day to let it all out...*
*Telling myself that excuse, I continue bawling noisily. *
Nene's Mother: N-Nene, is everything alright, dear? Why are you crying?
Nene's Father: Did you have a bad dream, sweetie?
*My parents suddenly burst into the room, startled by my sobbing. *
*They try their best to comfort me, and seeing them with each other brings joy to my heart... But they can't provide me with the warmth I desire most of alright now...*
*So the tears keep coming, and coming. *
*Thus I began the first day of my second life with tears in my eyes, but only for that day alone. *
*The day following, I decided to get myself together and move forward. *
*I had to seize the happiness I desired... I had to meet my beloved again, like I'd promised him.*
*The days went on, as I relived life with my parents. *
*As I remember things, they were constantly fighting and bickering when I was this age. *
*The house atmosphere was always somewhat tense, and anytime my parents met eyes, a frown would form on their faces. *
Nene's Father: Are you going to clean the table or what? 
Nene's Mother: I'll do it later... I have a job just like you, you know. I'm just as tired as you are. 
Nene's Father: The housework is your job, though. 
Nene's Mother: We never decided that I'd be the only one doing it. Would it hurt you to do anything yourself? 
Nene: ......
*The only words they enchained with one another were bitter, acid-laced remarks. *
*As I saw it, they were so busy fighting with each other that they completely forgot about me. Anybody could've predicted their divorce. *
*But this time―they're not like that. *
Nene's Mother: Good morning, Nene. 
Nene's Father: Good morning, sweetie. 
Nene's Mother: I've got to go to work now. Stay here and be a good girl, okay? 
Nene's Mother: I'll be back at the usual time, so wait patiently and don't cry. 
Nene's Father: I'm leaving now. Be a good girl for daddy, okay? 
Nene's Father: Also, um, I'll be home a little late today. 
*Just like my wish asked for, they're still together, and they don't fight. *
*But it doesn't go beyond just that. *
*There's no tension between them anymore, but neither is there affection. *
*They aren't spiteful towards each other, but neither are they kind. *
*They never talk with one another. All conversations they have are through me. *
*If this is all the magic is capable of... Then magic truly is weak. *
Nanao: "What you said to me was something along the lines of 'I want to reverse my parents' divorce and redo things as a family, without any fighting.'"
*It's exactly what Nanao stated, and not a single thing more. *
*I've been placed into a situation where they are neither divorced, nor fighting. *
*But that doesn't mean there is any love in their relationship. *
*They are together, and that's all.*
*In the past, I thought everything would be perfect if I just had a chance to do things over again.*
*I thought I could keep them together if I'd just noticed what was going on sooner... But I was so naive. *
*Now that I've fallen in love with Shuuji-kun, I fully understand. *
*They'd already given up on their relationship... Long ago. *
*They've long since stopped trying to keep the flame of their love ablaze...*
Nene's Mother: I'm home, Nene.
Nene's Father: I'm home, Nene.
Nene's Mother: Good night, Nene.
Nene's Father: Good night, Nene.
*They always say those things to me―but never to each other. *
*I just don't know when this happened... When their relationship fell apart. *
*Not that knowing would even do me any good. I wouldn't be able to change anything.*
*But I know one thing, if nothing else... Neither of them are happy in this current situation. *
*Honest to god, I feel like they actually started talking to each other more normally after they'd gotten the divorce.*
*I mustn't forget: both of them found someone else after the divorce.*
*They met someone that they could love and be happy with. Someone who they were willing to foster a relationship with, and keep the flame of their love bright.*
*Nothing good will possibly come of forcing them to stick in their current relationship...*
*I still remember how genuinely happy my dad looked with his new wife. It almost breaks my heart to see him so emotionless, and empty with my mom now...*
*What right do I have to rob them of happiness just so I can live in my silly fantasy land...?*
*What real point is there in delaying the inevitable...?*
Nene: (I swore that I'd find the happy life I wished for. But what I really wanted... Wasn't something this cold. I wanted something much, much warmer.)
Nene: (I didn't want something this superficial... But their relationship is already beyond repair... It's too late for me to do change things.)
Nene: (I can tell they're no longer putting in effort to keep their love alive... And even then...)
Nene: (Even if they don't get divorced, and remain in this shallow, empty relationship... It could drastically change the future.)
Nene: (Those effects could be wide-reaching... And ultimately prevent me from meeting him. I can't deny that possibility.)
Nene: (I'm such an idiot.)
*...But it's far too late for regrets. *
*I've already gone through with it... I've tossed away everything to return to the past. *
Nene: (......)
*Still, though... There's something I have to do. *
*I can't sit still and wait. I have to seize the life that I want with my own hands...*
*If it means feeling his warmth once more, then I'll happily bear a little bit of pain. *
Nene: Dad, Mom...
Nene's Father: Hm? What's wrong, sweetie?
Nene's Mother: Are you alright?
Nene: I have to tell you something.
*After that, I told them everything I'd been thinking about. *
*I said it was hard for me to watch things as they were between them. *
*That I didn't want to force them to be together if that wasn't what they truly wanted. *
*And finally, that I wanted them to talk and be upfront with each other about how they feel. *
*They listened to everything I had to say, and took it seriously. They then discussed it, and the result was exactly what I expected. *
*The only matter of contention was how to go about the divorce... Neither of them expressed any desire to stay together, or work to improve their relationship. *
*I suppose that only goes to show how distant they'd become by now...*
*It didn't take long before the divorce became official, and my dad took custody of me.*
*Oddly enough, their divorce this time came about a month later than their first one, but that worked out perfectly.*
*The magic only suppressed their true thoughts, and prevented the first divorce from reoccurring. Nothing really went done differently with this divorce that I suggested.*
*So, following their separation, we moved out of the house we had been living in together as a family. *
*And off I went, along with my father, to that town...*
*This town should be like home to me, but it just feels different, from some reason. *
*It still feels nostalgic, but the stores around town have changed. Or, more accurately worded, haven't changed yet. *
*He's out there somewhere in this town... My love...*
*The shard I'm holding in my hand almost seems to get hotter―or maybe it's just my imagination.*
Nene: Why didn't I think to ask him where he lives...
*We'd spent many a time at my apartment... But never once had I been to his house. *
Nene: I'm only realizing all of my mistakes now...
*I should have asked him about so, so much more.*
*What middle school he went to, the kind of life he had growing up... I would have such an easier time locating him if I'd only thought to learn a bit more about his life. *
*I went to the past without the thought even crossing my mind... I was too busy thinking of how to spend all my remaining minutes and days with him...*
*I did vaguely envision meeting him again at Himematsu... But I'm still years away from that. *
Nene: It looks like it'll still be quite some time...
Nene's Father: What was that, Nene? Something the matter?
Nene: No, it's nothing.
*The idea of having to wait all those many years is so overwhelming I start to get scared. *
*Things are different this time, though... All I did before was think about the happy family life I thought I would have with my mom and dad. *
*But now―I'm thinking towards the future. I have an objective that I want to accomplish.*
*Just knowing that is enough to fill me with strength, and encourage me to persevere.*
*After about a year or so of living here together with my dad, I began to notice something.*
*He was noticeably more cheerful... I almost want to say it was like he was actually enjoying life now...*
*If I was still the person I used to be, I would have never registered that change... But I have now.*
*Additionally, I've reasoned out why.*
Nene's Father: Nene... There's someone I'd like to introduce you too.
*Things had been going on like that for some time, when suddenly he said those words to me. *
*I still remember when he said them to me the first time...*
*Of course, there was no need for me to be introduced to this person. I already knew who she was. *
Woman: It's nice to meet you, Nene-chan. My name is Niita Kazumi.
Nene: ...Nice to meet you.
*I'm so glad... The divorce of my parents happened later than the first one, but it seems my dad was still able to find Nitta-san. *
Nene's Father: You see, Nitta-san and I, umm... We like each other a lot. And, I was wanting to ask you about something...
Nene's Father: We want to get married... Would that be okay with you, Nene?
Nene: ......
*My answer is a resounding yes. *
*Nitta-san is a very sweet lady, and I know that she truly loves my dad. *
*And he, likewise, loves her and is happy with her. There would be no reason for me to say no.*
*But I still remember the last time... How I got angry, and said no when he asked me the same question. *
Nene: I... only have one mother...
*I cruelly rejected her, using those words. *
*Now, however, I want to give them my blessing. *
*I would be lying if I said there wasn't part of me that felt conflicted... But I would be able to congratulate them. *
*The problem, however, is... The future would change if I said that. *
*They will get married regardless of what I say, but there is no telling how it may affect the future.*
Nene: ......
*Still... I'll just have to take that risk.*
*I don't want to get in the way of their happiness just to support my childish fantasies. *
*I feel like that would, in turn, only bring me more misfortune. *
Nene: If...
Nene: If you really love her, then I'm okay with it.
Nene's Father: R-Really?! It's really alright by you?
Nene: Of course. She seems like a wonderful person.
Nene's Father: Oh, great! You have no idea how worried I was you'd be upset.
Kazumi: Thank you, Nene-chan. I hope we can get along. 
Nene: Me too.
*I feel my own heart hit violently against my chest as I utter those words.*
*There's no going back now... If the future changes, I'll just have to deal with it.*
*But I'm through with regret. *
*I don't want to finally meet my beloved again regretting the choices I made to arrive there. *
Nene: I'm glad you found someone you truly love, Dad.
*I give them my blessing, with something I never showed them in the past―a smile. *
*From there on out, I began a new life I'd never before experienced.  *
*We were one happy family, me, my father, and Nitta-san... No, my new mother. *
*We had all lived together for a period of time last time, but if anything, I felt like a freeloader. *
*I was in their house, living in the same spaces as them, but we were no family...*
Nene: Good... morning.
Kazumi: Good morning. 
*Things were naturally a bit awkward, but it was a noticeable improvement from our prior relationship. *
*As life like that went on, us growing closer little by little... Eventually the time came for me to make the choice of which school I wanted to advance to. *
Nene: Where are you off to?
Nene's Father: I'm gonna go see a real estate agency.
Nene's Father: You know, I've been thinking. Our current place is a bit too small for the three of us. So we're considering moving to a new place.
Kazumi: But before we decided on anything, we wanted to know we school you were thinking of going to. 
Nene: ...Huh?
Nene's Father: Oh yeah, that's right. We wanted to choose some place close to the school you'll be going to.
Kazumi: So tell us if you've already made up your mind. 
Nene: H-Himematsu Academy! I've had my eyes set there for many years now. Himematsu Academy is where I'm going to go.
Nene's Father: Himematsu? With your grades, though, I think you could aim for a more prestigious school.
Nene: No, I want to go to Himematsu! It has to be there...
Kazumi: Well, if she wants to, why not? It's not like Himematsu's a bad school. 
Nene's Father: I guess...
Kazumi: Nene-chan rarely ever asks for things this strongly. Let's let her. 
Nene's Father: Hmm... Yeah, I don't mean to go against her wishes...
Nene: There's one more request I'd like to make, if that's alright. 
Nene: Could you let me live alone?
Both: Say what?
*The reason I gave them was that I wanted to concentrate on my academics to get into a good university, but that's not my real reason.*
*It's really just because I want to keep my future as close as possible to the one I remember...*
*Dad was, of course, vehemently against it. *
*But I pleaded with him, and eventually he gave in to me under the condition that it's some place "close by."*
*I managed to get the same room at the same apartment complex, and recreated everything to a close-enough resemblance, at least to the extent that I remember.*
*I know it may seem pointless, but I want to do everything I can... In my opinion, doing that is necessary to live a life without regrets.*
Nene's Father: Listen, Nene. If you ever have any problems or just feel lonely, come straight over to the house. We have a room ready for you there.
Kazumi: Don't coddle the girl like that. You need to trust Nene-chan.
Kazumi: But, he's right. If any problems ever come up, don't hesitate to call us.  
Nene: I will.
*Thus I began life at my old apartment again. *
*I believe that I've done everything I could.*
*I did my absolute best to seize my own happiness without trampling over anyone else's. *
*Have I brought things at least a little bit closer to the future in the previous world, perhaps?*
*...Everything really is going well. *
*Now all that comes is meeting him. I'm sure I'll see him soon...*
Nene: ......
Nene: It's... so quiet...
*That's only natural when you're living alone. It was always like this in the past. *
*I'm used to this quietness.*
Nene: ...I should be, so why...
*...Being here all alone in this apartment makes my heart ache so, so much.*
*It's the first time it's felt so agonizing...*
Nene: Ah... I, can't...
*This feeling is one I know all too well.*
*I mustn't acknowledge it. I mustn't give in to it.*
*But no matter how much I tell myself so, it's no use... The silence creeps up, and engulfs my body gradually from the feet upward. *
*I want to hold it back. I don't want to cry. Yet... This silence hits my heart like a cold chill... And it stings so painfully...*
Nene: *hic*... ah... no... I won't, cry.
*This apartment is still a place full of memories.*
*It's not quite the same apartment that Shuuji-kun and I spent so much time together in, and it has been countless years since. *
*But even so, I still vividly remember it all.*
*I can still see his smile, hear his laugh, and feel so very clearly his warmth...*
*Despite that, I'm still completely alone here...*
Nene: I can't give up yet. Only a bit longer. I'll be able to meet him again very soon... So don't cry, Nene.
*I desperately force back the emotions while hugging myself tight. *
*I will not cry. I'm almost there. I only have to wait a slight bit longer...*
Nene: I need to start studying...
*I poured all of my efforts into studying from there on out.*
*I had high enough grades to be accepted into Himematsu Academy, but still, I continued to study. *
*I couldn't risk failing the entrance exam.*
*Both my teachers and my dad told me I should try for a better school, but my mind is set.*
*My decision never changed, after all these years. *
*Every single second of every single day I spent yearning to meet him again... Longing for the day when I see his face again...*
*The emotions grow stronger and stronger by the day, but I frantically keep them in check and focus solely on my studying. *
*I have to do this... Otherwise I would end up crushed by the overwhelming anxiety...*
*What if I don't end up meeting him? What if the future has changed in some way? *
*I fully devote myself to studying in order to push away those negative thoughts. *
*That's the only thing I can do at this moment... So I desperately pour everything into the one thing connecting me to the future I desire. *
*I kept myself healthy, too, thus when the day of the exam arrived, I was able to go in take without any problems. *
*I had little trouble with the exam, so I was positive I did well.*
*And sure enough, I managed to pass it, and was successfully admitted to Himematsu Academy. *
Kazumi: Congratulations, Nene-chan.
Nene's Father: We'll be there for your entrance ceremony.
*The two of them were happy for me, and celebrated my admission. *
*That's something that didn't happen the last time. *
*But, honestly, it was more so that I didn't allow them.*
*As much as I am happy about that... Right now, my heart is filled with only one single emotion.*
Nene: I'll finally... Get to see him again...
Nene: ......
Schoolboy C: Whoa... Look at that girl. Isn't she super hot?
Schoolboy A: Dang, she is. I'm SO glad I chose to come to this school, man.
Schoolgirl D: Wow... That girl is so cute...
*I currently stand in front of the school gate, scanning my fellow first-years as they eye me in awe. *
*I see some student that's I don't remember, and others I do... But none of them are the one I'm looking for...*
Nene: ......
*Why? Is it just that he hasn't arrived yet? *
*Or maybe... The future has changed...?*
Nene: .........
*My heart is beating so very fast.*
*There's still time. The entrance ceremony isn't starting just yet. *
*That's why... He has to be...*
*I drown out my negative thoughts by repeating over and over in my head that the bell hasn't rung yet.*
*I don't want to consider it. It can't true. He has to be here... He has to be, but what if he's not...*
*Before I notice, I'm digging my fingernails into the palms of my clenched hands.*
*In one of them is the shard, now warm.  *
*......*
*I raise my drooped head and once more survey the students pouring into the school building. *
*I won't give up. I will never give up.*
*Even if he hasn't enrolled in this school by some chance, I will find him no matter.*
*I swiftly wipe away the tears beginning to well up in my eyes and keep watching the coming students without blinking. *
*Time passed, when suddenly...*
*The amount of new students wearing their sparkly uniforms begins to dwindle, with the entrance ceremony only moments away. That is when my eyes fall on one particular male student.*
Nene: Ah!
*He's still a fair distance away, so I can't make out his face... But I know. *
*Long bangs hanging down to his eyes, and a somewhat hunched over, unsociable appearance. He's a little shorter than I remember him, but still, I know...*
*There's no mistaking him at all. *
*That is... him. My Shuuji-kun, my one and only, the person I've been waiting so awfully long to see... And he's approaching me.*
*Step by step, he inches closer to me... I'll be able to make out his face clearly once he's close enough.*
*My vision, however, only gets blurrier by the second...*
Nene: He's here, he's here, he's at this school... Ah... ah...
*Finally, I've found him. After all these many years of waiting, I finally get to see his face. *
*The future has changed, but still, I got to meet him again.*
*I hold back the intense emotions about to burst from my chest. *
*At last... At long last.*
*It wasn't easy... I've had to dream of this day for more than a year or two... And I had to fight against the despair I felt thinking about what might happen if I didn't find him. *
*But none of that matters anymore. I'm here.*
*This is neither a dream, nor a delusion.*
*My one and only is right there, walking before my eyes, only a few yards away.*
*He's close enough that I could touch him if I only took a step forward and reached my hand out...*
Shuuji: ......
Nene: Ah...
*He looks back at me, noticing that I'm staring at him.*
Shuuji: ......
*But ultimately ends up passing me by without saying a word. *
Nene: Of course... I have to remember, he doesn't know me yet...
*There was a part of me who was holding onto a faint hope.*
*That maybe, just maybe... A miracle would occur, and he'd remember everything. *
*But the only thing I could feel in the look he gave me... Was suspicion. *
*It was nothing like that warm, gentle look he always used to give me. *
Nene: Well, I should know better. That would be too good to be true...
Nene: ......
*My chest tightens with frustration, anxiety... and other emotions that I can't even identify. *
*I unintentionally balled up my fists from the pain I feel. In one of those hands is the shard of heart fragments that I've kept and treasured all this time.*
*It's small... But the warmth it provides is enough to spread throughout my entire body.*
*Wistful, and so very warm... Enough to alleviate the pain I feel.*
Nene: It'll be alright. I made it this far already... I'm satisfied enough with just getting the chance to meet him again.
Shuuji: "You're only going back to the past, so we'll be able to meet again. And I'm sure once we do, I'll fall for you again."
*I still remember those words he reassured me with. *
*My Shuuji-kun may be a bit of a meanie, but he would never lie. *
*Hope is all around me, so I have all the reason in the world to smile. *
*I wipe away my tears, put on the best smile I can muster, and look up towards the sky. *
*The day I've dreamt so long of is here. *
*I can finally begin my life anew.  *
================================================================================
Girl: Umm... Hoshina-kun, do you have a moment?
*It happened during lunch break as I was walking back to class from the restroom.*
*Carried by the chilly autumnal winds, a cute voice calls out to me from behind.*
Shuuji: Ah... What is it?
*I turn around to find a girl from my class looking up at me with glossy eyes.*
*Her cute looks have won over every guy in our class.*
*With summer break behind us and September looming, unforgettable bonds have been forged between many of us.*
*So this cute girl stopping me can only mean one thing...*
Girl: You see, I'm in the Library Committee, and there's some super important work to do today. Problem is, I already have plans I absolutely can't cancel!
Girl: So, I'm reaaally sorry to ask this, but could you fill in for me?
*I hope you weren't expecting a confession. Popular girls have better things to do than ask out a nobody like me.*
Shuuji: Ah, doing something with your family or something?
Girl: Nah, more like... I'm deciding on my entire future?
Shuuji: Oh, wow. Sounds serious.
Girl: Yeah, it sure is.
Girl: So, like, I'm really sorry, but can you fill in for me? Pretty please?
*She tilts her head to the side and looks at me with upturned eyes while playfully sticking out her tongue.*
*I'm well aware of how phony her cutesy expression is.*
*I know it's phony, but... that doesn't change how cute I still think it is.*
Shuuji: But I don't know anything about Library Committee work.
Girl: Oh, that's fine. All you have to do is enter some of the library's new books into the PC, so they can be searched for.
Shuuji: Oh, you're registering books into the library catalog, huh... Well, I guess it can't be that hard if it's just simple data entry.
Girl: Right! So, umm... Would you fill in for me? Please! You're my last hope!
Shuuji: ...Okay. I'll do it if that's all there is to it.
Girl: For real?! Wow! Thanks so much! I knew I could count on you!
Shuuji: It's no big deal.
Girl: Alright, just go to the library after school, then! There'll be someone there who can explain what to do.
Shuuji: Okay.
*The girl happily skips her way back to our classroom.*
*I'm being used, aren't I?*
Shuuji: I really wish I could just learn to say no...
Hideaki: Sup. What're you doing here?
Shuuji: Hm? Err, nothing special. 
Hideaki: ...Someone coaxed you into doing their shit for them again, didn't they? 
Shuuji: ......
Hideaki: Seriously, if you don't learn to say no now, eventually someone's gonna end up making you do some really bad stuff. 
Shuuji: I know, and I DO want to turn them down. 
Hideaki: And nothing's gonna change if you just keep sitting on your ass and saying that. 
Shuuji: Ugh, painfully honest...
Hideaki: Want me to tell 'em no for you?
Shuuji: I appreciate the offer, but I'll manage. I'm not some little kid. 
Hideaki: You know, kids are actually better at speaking their minds.
Shuuji: ...Touche. Well, I'll be more careful from now on.
Hideaki: That's the same BS you tell me every time I give you this spiel.
*I've had this habit since basically forever... Pretty hard for me to just get over it at the drop of a hat. *
Wakana: Yeah, the girls are talking about you a lot. 
Shuuji: Huh? You mean... as the reliable guy?
Wakana: Nope. As their waterboy.
Shuuji: ...That's weird. I thought for sure guys who don't say no to girls' requests would be popular. 
Wakana: Ahahahaha!! Not at all. If anything, it makes you look like a dumbass.
Shuuji: Man, it stings when you say that so bluntly.
*She completely brushed me off.*
Wakana: Look, Hoshina. I'm gonna give you some serious advice here. You really need to learn to tell people no.
Wakana: I was being serious when I said the girls are talking about you. 
Hideaki: They're gonna end up taking advantage of you, you know. 
Shuuji: You think I'll get taken advantage of...? Now you're just exaggerating.
Hideaki: And that naive thinking is exactly why they're gonna be able to take advantage of you. 
Wakana: Yep, you're too naive for your own good. Girls are much more frightening and manipulative than guys think.
Shuuji: Don't scare me.
Wakana: You NEED to be scared if you wanna deal with girls. Okay? 
Shuuji: Yeah, um, I guess.
Shuuji: But does that mean you're frightening and manipulative too, Kariya? 
Wakana: Huh? W-Well... sure, to an extent. I'm a girl too, y'know. I'm sneaky and manipulative as can be.
Wakana: Someone like me can make any guy out there like putty in my hands. 
Hideaki, Shuuji: Really now...
*I think it's safe to say she's not manipulative, and couldn't even be if she wanted to. *
Wakana: What're you looking at me for? Got something to say?
Shuuji: Oh no, nothing. 
Hideaki: But even supposing all girls are manipulative like you say, wouldn't Ayachi-san be the exception? Or do you think she's just leading everyone on. 
Shuuji: Ayachi-san... 
*I've never been in class with her, so I wouldn't be able to say what kind of person she is. *
*Though, I hear that she's supposedly very kind and generous. *
*Add on to that her stellar looks, and anyone could see why she's the most popular girl in our grade level.*
Wakana: Ahh... You're right, she may be the exception. She seems pretty sincere, and she treats everyone kindly, no exceptions. 
Hideaki: Yeah, right! I knew pretty girls like Ayachi-san were pure and untainted!
Wakana: ...What's your point? Are you trying to say that I'm tainted?
Hideaki: No, sorry... That's not how I meant it. So could you spare me the death glare, pretty please? 
Wakana: Oh, that reminds me. Didn't Hoshina say that he doesn't really like Ayachi-san one time? 
Hideaki: Say what?! I cannot ignore that! What fault do you possibly see in a girl as perfect as her?!
Shuuji: Hmm, I don't necessarily think she's a bad person, there's just something about her. Like, her vibe maybe? I don't know how to explain it...
Shuuji: I feel like she's giving me these weird looks every now and then...
Hideaki: Weird looks?
Wakana: I didn't know you were that self-conscious.
Shuuji: No, it's not like that... It's more like, hmm... Oh well, just forget it.
Wakana: Do you guys even know each other? 
Shuuji: Nope. Never been in class with her, and we've never spoken. 
Hideaki: Why would she be looking at you, then? 
Shuuji: That's why I said it was weird. I don't know why she'd be looking at me. 
Hideaki: You sure you aren't just imagining these weird looks or whatever?
Wakana: Ahh, it's possible. Like when your eyes accidentally meet with someone and you convince yourself they were looking at you. 
Shuuji: I'm not some crazy idol fan, guys. I'd never make that mistake. 
*After all, I have the ability to perceive people's feelings through my five senses.*
*So I get tipped off when someone's looking my way. *
*It's 100\% not just my imagination, but still... I have zero clue why she'd be looking at me.*
*I've ruminated about it long and hard, but I'm positive we've never met. Yet she gazes strongly at me.*
*And to make things worse, I sense a complex mix of emotions in her gaze like sadness, loneliness, anger and also longing... That only makes the mystery greater. *
Shuuji: Look, the point is, I don't know what to make of her. That and we've never talked. Since we're in different classes, I don't even have any opportunities to talk with her. 
Hideaki: I'd love to talk to her. 
Wakana: Yeah, you boy, you. Better get in line, though. Pretty much all the guys are waiting for their chance to talk to her. 
Wakana: You don't come across guys who think like Hoshina often. Actually, at all. 
Hideaki: I know. Heck, if you can't see anything in a girl like her, then you gotta have impossible stand―
Nene: Umm... Did you say my name?
Hideaki: Ack?! A-Ayachi-san?!
Nene: I'm sorry for interrupting your conversation. I was just a little curious since I heard my name...
Hideaki: Oh no, don't worry about it. We weren't really talking about you; your name just came up.
Nene: Oh, okay...
Nene: ......
Shuuji: ......
*Urk... There it is again.*
*There's no one else she could be looking at but me.*
*And it's noticeably different than how she eyed Kaidou and Kariya.*
Shuuji: ...Umm, Ayachi-san?
Nene: Y-Yes!
Shuuji: Er... I know this might sound rude coming out of the blue... but do you need something from me?
Nene: What do you mean?
Shuuji: I don't know, I just get the feeling you've been looking at me, so I figured maybe you wanted to tell me something. 
Nene: No, nothing like that.
Nene: But, I want to ask you in return, Hoshina-kun... Do you have something you'd like to say to me?
Shuuji: Huh? Not, um... really?
Nene: Oh, alright. Forget I said that. 
Nene: ......
Nene: Liar...
Shuuji: What?
Nene: No, it was nothing. Don't worry about it.
Shuuji: ......
*Did her eyes changed there for a moment, or was that just me? *
*She looked a little angry... and I also think I heard her call me a liar...??*
*But it only happened a split second ago... Maybe I just didn't see it right, and also misheard what she said?*
*From how the rumors make her out, I can't possibly imagine her saying something that mean-spirited. *
*She appears to be the modest type, innocent and 100\% pure. Forget about full-on sex, she's the kind of girl who's probably never even touched herself.  *
*There's no way a girl like that would glare at me, and much less call me a "liar."*
Nene: Anyway, Kariya-san, about the thing from before...
Wakana: Ah! Yeah, it's going great! That place you introduced me to is awesome! Thanks so much!
Nene: Oh, I didn't do anything special. I'm just glad that I was able to help. Please don't hesitate to stop by the clubroom again should something else come up.
Wakana: Thanks! But I'll be fine. It's just working and earning the money from here on out, after all!
Hideaki: ...Umm, may I ask a question?
Wakana: Hm? What do you want?
Hideaki: What're y'all talking about? And whose clubroom?
Wakana: Oh... About that, umm... Do you want me to tell them, Ayachi-san?
Nene: I don't mind. As long as you don't thoughtlessly spread it around, you can tell a few people.
Hideaki: What's this? Some kind of secret?
Nene: Nothing that important. She's talking about me being in the OC. 
Shuuji: OC... You mean the Occult Club?
Hideaki: Never knew we had a club like that at this school. 
Nene: It has been around since before we were here, actually. Though, unfortunately, I'm the only current member. 
Hideaki: So with this occult stuff... Are you researching ghosts, or like aliens, or something?
Nene: No, I'm doing divination. "Occult" encompasses the entire spectrum of the supernatural.
Wakana: And she also offers counseling as a bit of a side thing. 
Shuuji: So I guess you went and asked for her help on something?
Wakana: Yup.
Hideaki: Huh. Didn't think someone like you actually worried about things. 
Wakana: ...You're the last person I want to hear that from.
Wakana: But yeah, it's nothing big really. I just don't have the money to buy something I want.
Wakana: And when I went to her for help, she got me this great part-time job. 
Nene: You're saving up for a guitar, right?
Shuuji: Oh, you can play the guitar?
Wakana: I can, actually. Though, I'm not really a pro or anything.
Wakana: I found my dad's old guitar a while back, and he's been teaching me ever since. Apparently, he used to be in a band.
Wakana: I've been going at it for a few years now, so I've been wanting to get my own, but the one I'm looking at's pretty darn expensive. 
Shuuji: And that's why you went to Ayachi-san. I see. 
Wakana: Basically, yep. 
Hideaki: So you play the guitar, eh? Boy, that sure takes me back.
Wakana: Can you play guitar too?
Hideaki: If it's just simple chords and crap, yeah. I didn't play the guitar for very long.
Nene: Right. You prefer the drums. 
Hideaki: ...Huh?
Wakana: You play the drums, Kaidou?
Shuuji: Seriously?
Hideaki: Y-Yeah... I played the drums seriously till about a year ago, during summer. How'd you know that, Ayachi-san?
Nene: Ah...! Well, umm...
Hideaki: Did you see one of our performances at a club? Wait, no, that can't be it. I definitely would've remembered seeing a pretty girl like you there. 
Hideaki: There really weren't a lot of people there... What was it, then?
Nene: Well, umm... er, that's... because... m-m-m-m-my divination. I learned that through divination.
Hideaki: For frickin' real?! Dang, that stuff is crazy! I always thought it was kinda bogus, to be honest... Never thought you could legit figure out stuff like that. 
Wakana: She has a pretty high accuracy rating, or so the girls say. 
Shuuji: ...Oh, really? That's neat. 
Nene: Umm, if you want to, Hoshina-kun... I could do one for you. Would that be something you're interested in?
Wakana, Hideaki: ......
Shuuji: You mean... an actual prediction?
Nene: Yes. So, do you want to? Is there maybe something that's been bothering you ever since you were a small child?
Shuuji: Nnh―――!
Nene: With things like those, it always feels better to talk about it with another person, so if you feel up to it, you're welcome to stop by the clubroom at any time. 
Shuuji: ......
*Wh-What the...? Did she just say what I think she did? *
*Those words were pretty insinuated... Don't tell me she noticed?*
Shuuji: Umm, Ayachi-san? What exactly did you mean by that?
Nene: Nothing in particular. I was only proposing a common scenario. There wasn't any deeper meaning to it.
Shuuji: Okay, then...
Wakana: Did you see something with your divination about him?
Nene: You could say so.
Nene's Classmate B: Ayachi-saaan! I was gonna ask you something about our math class later on today; could you help me? It's my turn to get called on today.
Nene: Ah, sure. Of course.
Nene's Classmate B: You're the best! Thanks so much!
Nene: Alright then. I'll see you three later. 
Wakana: Yeah, bye.
Shuuji: ......
*I notice she keeps throwing glances back at me as she walks off. Did she, um, want to say something more?*
*However, she ultimately leaves being pulled away by her friend. *
*Now to add onto the looks, there's what she just said to me... There must be some meaning to everything...*
*My ability, though, doesn't allow me to actually read people's thoughts, so it won't do me any good with regards to this.*
Hideaki: Man, you kill me sometimes. Ayachi-san went and invited you like that, yet you chickened out.
Shuuji: What can I say...
Hideaki: Just make up a problem if you don't got one, sheesh. Just go for the divination so you can spend time alone with her. Man, I can't believe you. 
Shuuji: She's helping people out of the kindness of her heart. It just feels wrong to go there with ulterior motives. 
Wakana: It's funny you say that, Kaidou, because I didn't see her inviting you. She probably realized how much of a sleazeball you are. 
Hideaki: ...Kinda hurts when you say that so bluntly, you know.
Shuuji: Ngh―――!
Wakana: Hoshina? What're you making that face for? Everything alright? 
Shuuji: Ah, yeah. It's nothing. 
*I write it off like nothing, but my back actually stings like hell right now. *
*It's probably all the jealous from me talking to Ayachi-san. *
*Boy, she really is popular with the guys. *
*Envy-ridden gazes form around us, honing in on me. This seriously hurts. A lot.*
*All I did was chat with her in the hallway. Damn.*
Shuuji: Let's hurry on to the classroom. Class is about to start.
Hideaki: Yeah, we better. 
Wakana: Oh right, there's something I need you guys to do for me. It's about Ayachi-san's club she mentioned. 
Shuuji: Ah, didn't she mention she didn't want us spreading it around thoughtlessly?
Wakana: Yeah, that's what I was gonna say.
Wakana: She's the only one in there, so if word gets out to the whole school, she'll end up swarmed by guys with ulterior motives.  
Shuuji: Oh, so guys like Kaidou. Gotcha. 
Hideaki: ...Well, I won't deny it.
Wakana: So, like I was saying, it'd be a real problem for Ayachi-san if animals like that start barging in her clubroom.
Wakana: Plus, like, it'd scare off girls actually wanting to go there for advice, right? So try to keep it to yourself as much as possible. 
Hideaki: Sure thing. I won't tell a soul.
Hideaki: Means I got an edge over those other guys anyways!
*I can understand that feeling.*
Wakana: But yeah, don't spread it among the guys. Oh, but people with actual problems seeking help are an exception. 
Hideaki: Okay, got it.
Shuuji: I'll keep my mouth shut too.
Shuuji: ......
*But still... What was up with that?*
Nene: "Yes. So, do you want to? Is there maybe something that's been bothering you ever since you were a small child?"
*Does Ayachi-san know about me?*
*I DID tell people about my ability back when I was a kid.*
*But no one believed me... And after the worry it caused my dad, I've kept quiet about it since.*
*Also I never knew Ayachi-san before coming here, so that can't be it. *
*We've never been in the same class, and we aren't exactly close or anything. *
*...No matter how I think about it, what she said can't be related to my ability.*
Shuuji: (But then what was she meaning when she said that?)
*Well... It could always just be pure coincidence. *
*Regardless of whether her divination is accurate or not... I guess I'd better avoid contact with her.*
*I can't just come clean and tell her about my ability. Really don't want word about that getting out. *
*So yeah, I'm pretty sure my relationship with Ayachi-san will never evolve beyond what it is now: just two people who go to the same school.*
*We'll probably have nothing to do with one another for the rest of our lives. *
Shuuji: Now then...
*As school finally lets out, I grab my bookbag and stand up from my seat.*
Girl: Hoshina-kun! I'm so sorry. I promise I would've done it myself if I didn't make these plans beforehand. 
Shuuji: It's no big deal.
Girl: Thank you so much. Alright then, good luck♪
Shuuji: See you later. 
Hideaki: So you still got roped into doing this, eh?
Shuuji: I already said yes, so I can't just change my answer on her now. 
Hideaki: Well... I guess that's fair enough.
Shuuji: Besides, it's all simple stuff. Don't worry about it. 
Hideaki: ...If you say so. But if you ever need me to do something, just hit me up.
Wakana: Hoshina, are you sure you don't want any help?
Hideaki: Hmm. I guess I can help too, if you want. 
Shuuji: I appreciate it, you guys, but I'll really be fine. 
Shuuji: You probably have better things to do with your time, anyways. 
Wakana: ...Knew you'd say that.
Hideaki: You never wanna take help when you get yourself into these situations. 
Shuuji: D-Do I? I don't purposely try to... Besides, isn't it only natural for me to not want my friends taking time out of their schedule to help me do something I agreed to?
Shuuji: All I'm honestly doing today is entering some data into their database. It's better that I do it alone, if anything. 
Shuuji: But, if something like this does happen again, I will come to you guys.
Hideaki: You should try not to get into these situations in the first place. 
Shuuji: Ah, right. I'll keep that in mind. 
Wakana: I'm sure you will. And next time a girl comes up to with something, you'll be too chicken to say no, and then we'll go through this whole thing again.
*She sighs, and the two of them look at me with exasperation.*
Shuuji: Well, I gotta head to the library now. See you guys tomorrow. 
*I flee the classroom with quick steps. *
*I make straight for the second building, and climb the flight of stairs.*
*After arriving on the top floor, I walk onward to the library, located furthest in the back. On my way there, one of the doors catches my eyes.*
Shuuji: Ah, so this is where the Occult Club is...
*No surprise I wouldn't know. *
*I rarely ever come to the second building except for classes. *
Shuuji: Hmm...
Shuuji: Well, not that I have any problem to come to her with...
*Better hurry on to the library and get this over with.*
Shuuji: Excuse me.
Shuuji: I've been told to come here and register some new books into the library catalog.
*The member on duty promptly responds to me. *
*She was a little unhappy about me filling in for someone without prior notice, but realized what was done was done, so she taught me how to enter the books.*
*Just like I was told, it is very simple work. *
*I open the register window and proceed to fill out the different fields.*
Committee Girl: Could I get you to take care of all the books here?
Shuuji: Sure. 
*Hm... I'd wager there's around 50 books. *
*Very boring and cumbersome work, but since I agreed to do it, I have to do it right.*
Shuuji: Mh, mhhh...
*I give my back a good stretch, my chair creaking underneath me.*
Shuuji: Almost there. 
*About 10 books left... But man, it's pretty late already.*
*The Committee girl really looks like she wants to go home... So the bitterness inside my mouth must be...*
Shuuji: You can just leave things here to me if you want. 
Committee Girl: Huh?
Shuuji: I doubt anyone is gonna come by this late anyway, and I can return the key to the faculty room myself once I'm done.
Committee Girl: But... I'm on duty and you aren't even a Committee member...
Shuuji: I'm a Library Committee substitute today. It'll be alright. Probably.
Committee Girl: You think so?
*Her expression relaxes a little. Looks like I'm managing to persuade her.*
Shuuji: I'll be done here in no time anyway. As long as you get everything besides locking the room, you'll be fine. 
Committee Girl: ...I guess you're right. Okay, here's the key. I'll finish everything else, so just make sure you lock the library once you're done. 
Shuuji: Will do.
Committee Girl: Could you also turn off the computer before you leave?
Shuuji: Oh yeah, of course. I won't forget. Take care on your way home. 
Committee Girl: Yeah, thanks! You too. Bye.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Mhh... Now I feel a little bit better.
*Now then, there's no reason to rush myself anymore, but I don't want to stay here forever...*
*Let's get this over with. *
*I continue typing in data at the same pace. Then eventually, I finally register the last book and...*
Shuuji: *click clack* Bam!
*I slam on that enter button and finish with a triumphant pose!*
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: ...That was cringe. 
Wakana: "Hoshina, are you sure you don't want any help?"
Hideaki: "Hmm. I guess I can help too, if you want. "
Shuuji: They were kind enough to offer... Why didn't I take it?
Shuuji: ...If I keep this up, I wouldn't blame them for not wanting to be my friend anymore. 
*I understand that I need to get better, but still...*
*I just always opt to do things myself instead of taking people up on their kindness. *
*I can never translate my desire to change into action. *
Shuuji: I really want to be a better person...
*Maybe if there was something to give me a little push in that direction... Would I be able to change then? *
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Wait, I can't just bank on something like that happening. I need to put in effort myself.
Shuuji: I really need to fundamentally change who I am. 
*Following that thought, my eyes wander to the rows of large bookshelves. *
Shuuji: Maybe they have some self-help books here?
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: I think I'll come back here on another date. Checking out what kinds of books they have here could be a good way to kill some time. 
*After leaving, I make sure to lock the door behind me. *
Shuuji: There we go. We're all good.
*Now to bring the key back to the faculty room, and I'll be all done. *
Shuuji: What should I make for dinner today? Gotta go do some shopping first... Oh right. We need fruits too.
*.........*
*......*
*...*
Nene: ......
*After leaving the clubroom, I don't head the usual direction towards the school entrance, but instead in the direction of the library. *
*I put my hand on the doorknob, try to turn it, but there's a slight problem. *
Nene: It's not opening... Someone already locked the door.
Nene: I thought this was the right day...
*It was the day in the previous world when Shuuji-kun stumbled upon me masturbating. *
*What day was it, again...? I can't remember the exact date, but I do remember that it was on the day where I talked to him, Kaidou-kun, and Kariya-san.*
*I think Shuuji-kun filled in for Akita-san... And that's why he was here...*
*The library should, for all reasons, still be open now. *
*Yet, the door is locked... I can't get inside, and all my hopes are betrayed.  *
Nene: I knew I was right. The future has changed...
*The first change was that we didn't end up in the same class...*
*Did this all come about because I acknowledged Nitta-san as my new mother? *
*Or was it because the divorce happened later than the first one? *
*Was it because I studied more, and got better grades? *
*Or honestly... Maybe it's simply because I have my memories from before. *
*I can think of no short number of reasons that could have caused the future to change... But none of them I can do anything to change at this point. *
Nene: ......
*I finally found him. He's right in front of my eyes, yet...*
*I can tell―Shuuji-kun is avoiding me.*
*I must go every day to this school, so full of memories with him... Yet I can't touch him. It makes my heart ache... so, so much...*
Nene: This is just... far too cruel...
*I'm doing everything I can to reclaim the future I had, but nothing is working...*
*That's also why I'm in the OC again.*
*I have no need for fragments, whatsoever. I can't even collect them if I wanted to. *
*But I felt bad thinking about what would happen to all those students I'd once helped... I was afraid of what might happen to the future if I chose to ignore them. *
*That's why I joined the club, and resumed activities... But truly, nothing is more unbearable than being in that room alone. *
*Not just because I miss Shuuji-kun. There's no Inaba-san, Shiiba-san, Togakushi-senpai... I have so many fond memories there with all of them.*
Nene: You liar... You big fat liar...
Nene: You said you'd fall in love with me... You promised me all I had to do was find you... So why is none of this working out?!
*One and a half years have already gone by with no changes...*
Nene: How long are you going to make me wait... I hate you... I hate you...
*What am I supposed to do...?*
*I don't even remember how he fell in love with me the first time, so how am I supposed to make this happen again?*
Nene: It's all hopeless... everything...
================================================================================
Kanae: Huh? You're joining a club?
*I came here to the faculty room to get my club admission form, upon which Hisashima-sensei stopped what she was doing and shot me a look of sheer disbelief.*
*It was so shocking she straight-up dropped the pen that she had in her hand. *
*Her reaction hasn't changed from the last time, in that regard.*
Shuuji: Is it really THAT surprising?
Kanae: Well, yeah. You've never been one to care about making friends with your classmates. 
Kanae: And now you're suddenly joining a club... Oh, don't get the wrong idea, though; Personally I'm all in favor of you joining a club.
Kanae: Socializing with your peers is a staple part of school, and see, you've been on my mind for a while now. 
Kanae: But why the OC of all the clubs out there?
Shuuji: Well, things happened.
Shuuji: Plus Ayachi-san's the only member, so I wouldn't have to worry about cliques or anything like that. 
Kanae: Uh-huh. Did you get Ayachi's permission?
Shuuji: Yeah, of course.
Kanae: ...Well, if she's alright with it, I've got nothing to say. 
Kanae: Here's your admission form. Just fill it out and hand it to Ayachi.
Shuuji: Thanks.
Kanae: Just curious, Hoshina, but have you always known Ayachi-san? I don't remember you two ever being in class together, and I've never seen you with her around school. 
Shuuji: Well, some stuff happened... We're friends now, though. 
*If this was Kaidou, I could straight-up tell him that she's my girlfriend. *
*But I'd feel a little weird reporting that to a school teacher.*
Kanae: ...Well, I won't ask you any more questions about that.
Kanae: Still, talk about out of left field... Not only you joining the club, but Ayachi-san letting you. 
Shuuji: So a lot of people still want to join her club over here, then?
Kanae: Over here? Over where?
Shuuji: Ah, forget that. But, right, back to what I was saying: Do a lot of people try to join?
Kanae: Oh, you bet. The only member's the envy of the whole school. There'd be something up if people WEREN'T wanting to join.
*Still just as popular as ever. Well, I'm not surprised. *
Shuuji: Also, I was curious... What do you think of Ne―Ayachi-san, from the perspective of a teacher?
Kanae: Hmm... Hard to answer... I'm not her homeroom teacher, you gotta remember. 
Shuuji: But you're the club advisor, right?
Kanae: Yeah, but that's pretty much just on paper... The OC doesn't require much work for me, as the advisor.
Kanae: Anyway, this is just based on how I see her around school... But I get this impression that she's overloaded.
Kanae: Kind of like a rubber band, so pulled back you're just waiting for it to snap. I'd be lying if I said I'm not concerned about how strung-up she appears.
Kanae: Since you're joining, I'm guessing you know what the club does?
Shuuji: Yeah. Listening to student's problems, reading tarot fortunes for them, and then helping with the problem in whatever way we can. 
Kanae: Right. But she's doing that all by herself. I'm sure you know how people sometimes get with their hobbies... Take it lightly, end up slacking on occasion, and so on.
Kanae: That girl, though, she never skimps. Never compromises. And despite how much effort she pours into her club, her grades remain at the top of the pack. 
Shuuji: ......
Kanae: Then there's also the fact that she treats everyone the same. You'll never hear any arguments or bickering from her class. 
Shuuji: What's bad about that? 
Kanae: It's not bad, per se, but it's just not normal. 
Kanae: Remember, we're talking 30 young men and women, all cooped up in a small room for an extended period of time. Not everyone's gonna get along perfectly. But with Ayachi, she mediates and stops every potential dispute.
Kanae: Of course you have students that'll naturally end up in that role, but what's worrying me with Ayachi is that she comes off way too serious about it. 
Shuuji: ...Huh. 
Kanae: Pretty much the opposite with you, though. I'm worried about how uninterested you are in your classmates.  
Kanae: Boy, all my problems would be solved if I could just find a way to mix you two together. 
Shuuji: Sorry for the trouble.
Kanae: Well, it's what I signed up for when I became a teacher. But if you have the time to be apologizing to me, go out there and socialize some. 
Shuuji: ...I'll do what I can.
*I'm glad I asked her about Nene.*
*It's only natural that she'd be worried about me. I'd been living the exact same lifestyle I had been before. *
*But with Nene, it wasn't like that. *
*Hisashima-sensei's reason for worrying about me is the same this time as in the previous world, but for Nene, it's a different reason. *
Kanae: Hm? You're frowning pretty noticeably... Did I get to you too much? I mean, I know I made it out like it was, but it's not that bad. 
Kanae: Honestly, I'm more worried about you than Ayachi. 
Shuuji: Huh? Am I that bad at socializing?
Kanae: Absolutely. I'm only a tad bit worried for Ayachi. But with you, mister, it's full-on concern. I can already envision the sad life you'll have after graduation if you don't change. 
Kanae: So like I said, joining a club is a step in the right direction, no matter the reason.
Kanae: Still... Just how the heck did you get Ayachi to let you join?
Shuuji: I don't know, I must just be that sexy and irresistible. 
Kanae: BHYAHYAHYAHYA!! Hoshina, you'd make a good comedian! Nearly spit out me coffee after hearing that one ROFL.
Kanae: Holy cow, that was golden. Talk about a hilarious joke. Never seen sarcasm that on-point. I mean, who would be willing to roast themselves that hard for a joke? 
Kanae: Haah, haah... Phew, you're a hoot. I'll be rootin' for ya, so keep it up, mister Sexy Man Hoshina. LOL.
Shuuji: Glad to see you still cackle just like a witch. You know, if you keep talking like some internet memester from the 2000s, you're never going to find a―
Kanae: Huh? You say something, punk?
Shuuji: Nooope. Nothing at all.
*Yep, that's the Hisashima-sensei I know.*
Shuuji: Okay, I'll be on my way then.
Kanae: Have a good rest of the day. 
Shuuji: ......
*What she said's giving me a lot of thought, though...*
Kanae: "Kind of like a rubber band, so pulled back you're just waiting for it to snap. I'd be lying if I said I'm not concerned about how strung-up she appears."
*Nene's strung-up, huh. *
*Well, I guess part of the blame lies with me, but still, that can't be all of it.*
Kanae: "Remember, we're talking 30 young men and women, all cooped up in a small room for an extended period of time. Not everyone's gonna get along perfectly. But with Ayachi, she mediates and stops every potential dispute."
Kanae: "Of course you have students that'll naturally end up in that role, but what's worrying me with Ayachi is that she comes off way too serious about it."
*She's experienced all of this stuff once before, so I bet she's trying to make use of that the best she can.*
*But, I have to remember that she's in a different class this time. Not every happening can be the exact same. *
*She's probably working as hard as she can to bring happiness not only herself, but to everyone around her as well. *
*Either because she feels guilty about restarting everything... Or because she doesn't want to be left with regrets. *
Shuuji: She's a responsible girl, alright. 
*When I put myself in her shoes, and imagine how I'd feel if I robbed someone of their happiness because of my stupid wish... Yeah, I think I'd be bothered by that too.*
*Especially when you've seen first hand just how monumental the change can be from even the slightest things.*
*Maybe she feels like she only gets to be happy at the expense of others, which is definitely something that would torment her. *
*It's probably some inner conflict of that nature that's causing Nene to act so strung-up.*
Nene: Ah, welcome back. How did it go?
Shuuji: She was pretty baffled, but she did say she approved of me joining a club.
Shuuji: Here's the admission form for you.
Nene: Thanks. I'll take care of the rest.
Shuuji: Yeah, sorry for the trouble.
Nene: Oh, don't be. Just being able to stand here, holding this admission form in my hands... It fills me with so much joy. 
Shuuji: I'm glad to be in the same club as you too, Nene.
Nene: I'm so, so glad... Now I'll finally have someone to keep me company in here.
Shuuji: I'm sorry it took so long.
Nene: It's alright now. You don't have to apologize anymore, since I know I'm not dreaming.
Shuuji: ...Okay. Yeah, rather than apologizing, I need to focus on giving my all towards the future. 
Nene: Exactly.
Shuuji: So, just so I have a bit of an idea. Are the students who come the exact same as before, or are they different. 
Nene: I'd say so, yes. There are definite differences, just like how we ended up in different classes. But part of it also is that I don't remember every single student who came to me in the previous world. 
Nene: There are students who didn't come then, but did now; and likewise, also those who did then, but don't now. 
Nene: But, if anything, it seems like there aren't many in the latter category. On the other hand, I see many new faces among the old ones. 
Shuuji: Hmm. So what about their problems? Are they any different? 
Nene: I would say they're relatively the same. Some of the finer details may differ, but as for cases where it was a different issue entirely... I think I only counted those to be about five. 
Shuuji: Oh, good. Looks like I'll be able to help out some this time. 
Nene: You were always helpful, Hoshina-kun. There's no need to sell yourself short.
Shuuji: Thanks, Nene.
Shuuji: Oh, and there's something I've been wondering about for a while...
Nene: What is it?
Shuuji: Why'd you go back to calling me "Hoshina-kun"?
Nene: Huh? Well, that's... B-Because it's just too embarrassing. I've been calling you Hoshina-kun all this time.
Shuuji: Yesterday you were calling me Shuuji, though.
Nene: Ah, that was just... The emotions were too overwhelming, and it all happened so suddenly my mind was a mess...
Nene: But now, after I've had time to calm down... It's just been so many years since I could last call you by your name. 
Shuuji: So are you never going to switch?
Nene: N-No, I plan to, but we haven't been talking like this for so long... It's just embarrassing, okay?
Shuuji: You can't, maybe... Just use it when we're alone, like we used to do?
Nene: ...Is it that important to you?
Shuuji: Yeah. Really, really important. 
Nene: Urk... Umm, Shu, Shu, Shu―
Nene: Nnnh~~! Maybe some other day. Please give me... some time to prepare.
*Her face is absolutely red as a tomato, and the way she's fidgeting bashfully is just as cute. Seeing that was a good enough substitute.*
Shuuji: Well, I can wait. No big deal. 
Nene: Seriously... You're the same big old meanie.
Nene: ...You could've told me from the start that the fragments were for that purpose. Can you even imagine how much I worried...?
Shuuji: I'm really, really sorry. You have every right to be mad at me for that. 
*It's not like I didn't consider telling her. *
*The other me discussed it with Souma-san, and she convinced me not to. *
Nanao: I'd say it'd be best to keep this from Nene.
Nanao: She'd never agree to it if she knew it carried the risk of tearing your heart. And telling her that not doing it would mean a hole possibly reopening in your heart, on the other hand, would torment her.
Shuuji: You may be right about that... Or actually, I'm positive that's what would happen.
Nanao: Plus it would lower the chances of success. If she were to end up doing something rash because of the fragments, that could lead to the you in that world completely rejecting her.
Nanao: The fragments should strictly be a backup plan. The most preferable outcome would be for you and Nene to get together through purely natural means. 
Shuuji: Okay. 
Nanao: Nene's actions will have drastic effects on the future, no doubt. I'm afraid of it changing too much, though. That's why I want to keep those changes to a bare minimum.
Nanao: Besides, giving her hope with that could only have the reverse effect... If she loses it, she might spiral into despair and never recover. 
Nanao: You can call me a pessimist or whatever you like, but if that were to happen, Nene would have no one there for her. 
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: ...Alright, I won't tell her. 
*I know it probably hurt Souma-san just as much to make that decision. I still remember feeling pain from her at the time. *
*And I also went along with her...*
*But maybe, rather than that, I just couldn't fully trust Nene...*
*I was worried that I might become too big of a burden on her... I thought it might lead her astray. *
*Well, maybe I'm only able to say these things in retrospect because everything did work out...*
Shuuji: ...I could make excuses forever, but at the end of the day, it all boiled down to me not being able to trust you 100\%.
Shuuji: I'm sorry! I feel bad about forcing my decision onto you like that... But I just couldn't tell you. 
Nene: ...Do you really feel sorry about doing that? 
Shuuji: Of course. I'll get on my knees, or do whatever you want as an apology. 
Nene: You don't have to do anything like that. To be perfectly honest... I felt similar things too. I wasn't concerned with what happened to me; as long as you were alright, that's what mattered...
Nene: I worried myself so much over that. Just imagine the trouble we would've saved if we'd just confronted each other about it.
Shuuji: Nene...
Nene: You wouldn't have had to worry, though. It would take quite a lot to make me give up. 
Nene: Well... I admit I was getting a little discouraged these past few months... But I was never going to fully give up.
Shuuji: I dunno, I guess I was just kinda afraid of you seeing me as clingy? 
Shuuji: Like you just said... Maybe we should've just told each other in the first place. 
*Of course, though, we can only draw conclusions like this in hindsight because everything did work out.*
*I may have ended up rejecting the fragments if it didn't happen exactly in that moment, in exactly that situation. *
*I really do feel awful about what I put Nene through... But, ultimately, it led to the desired result. *
*So what I need to do now is make up for it. *
Nene: Well, I would be no more clingy. Just remember, I've held onto my feelings for you for countless years... Now that I said that, I really feel clingy...
Nene: ...O-Oh god, am I obsessive?! Am I too obsessed?!
Shuuji: U-Umm... Maybe not obsessed, but your eyes look possessed. 
Shuuji: Anyways, back to what we were saying, I'm just so happy that I can be with you, and touch you again.
Nene: As am I. I'm so happy that you're with me again... Umm, and I don't mean that in the simple physical distance sense. 
Nene: It feels like I've regained a part of me that was missing... I can't be more glad that you chased here after me.
Shuuji: Thank you, Nene.
Nene: But I am less than fond of surprises like that. That I am super mad about. 
Shuuji: ...I'm really sorry for keeping you in the dark.
Nene: You better be. Go reflect on your actions and repent. Then repeat that again 100 times. 
Shuuji: I will.
Nene: ...*giggle*
*Despite how peeved she made herself out to be, she ultimately giggles and smiles my way. *
*Seeing that warms my heart, almost as though her smile cast a light on me. *
Shuuji: A little bit of a topic change, but how'd the handle the problems of the students you hadn't helped last time? 
Shuuji: Did you still go about those the same way?
Nene: Well... I naturally couldn't just look the other way and do nothing.
Nene: I was afraid of changing the future, that much is true, but... Part of me just felt awful abandoning those students when I had the means to help them. 
Shuuji: Yeah, that's understandable. 
*I feel a tinge of pain, like I was pricked by a thorn.*
*The actual sensation of pain was hardly worth mentioning... But at the same time, it felt like it stung me somewhere deep down...*
Nene: If anything, it just makes me feel selfish... Like I'm robbing them of their happiness for my own benefit. 
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: (That's what I thought too...)
*Nene struggled with and overcame so many obstacles in order to meet me again. An almost unfathomable amount. *
*So now it's my turn to let her rest, and give her happiness. An almost infinite amount. *
*That is my wish.*
Shuuji: Now it's my turn to take action. 
Nene: ...Okay? What do you mean by that?
Shuuji: Hm? I mean we gotta crank it up to a 10 on the "lovey-dovey" meter. 
Nene: ...What are you even saying, you silly. 
*We promised each other that we'd put in effort to keep the other loving us. *
*And I'm positive that happiness works just the same way. *
*We both got down to business, and gave our club efforts 110\%. *
*Of course, what hasn't changed is that we mostly sit and wait for someone to come 90\% of the time. *
*As far as I can recall, Nene did say everything was basically the same. *
*The first person who came to consult us, just like before, was Inaba-san.*
Meguru: E-Excuse me...
*A certain girl I'm more than familiar with opens the door and pokes her head in.*
*You can tell how nervous she is from her voice... Boy, this sure brings back memories. *
*It's like I'm seeing a dream.*
Meguru: Umm, this is the Occult Club, right? Is Ayachi-senpai here?
Nene: Yes. I'm Ayachi Nene.
Nene: You came to have us help you with something, correct? Please come inside.
Meguru: Huh? Ah, yeah... Pardon me, then.
*She then enters the clubroom with hesitation.*
*The moment she gets a good look at Nene's face, she says:*
Meguru: %76;Whoa... She really is as cute as they say...
*I can hear her whisper that to herself. *
*Come to think of it, I feel like she said that the first time too. *
Meguru: ......
Nene: Umm...
Meguru: Ah! Sorry, it's nothing. I was just a little awestruck.
Meguru: Umm, nice to meet you. My name is Inaba Meguru and I'm from class 1-D.
Nene: It's nice to meet you. You already know me, but I'm Ayachi Nene.
Meguru: Err... Who is he?
Shuuji: Hm? Me?
Meguru: I was told Ayachi-senpai was the only member... 
Shuuji: Right. I only joined the other day. 
Shuuji: My name is Hoshina Shuuji. Nice to meet you. I'm in the same grade as Ayachi-san but we're in different classes. 
Meguru: Ah, okay. Nice to meet you, Hoshina-senpai.
Nene: So then, Inaba-san... You want our help with something? 
Meguru: R-Right. I'm in a pretty dire situation, and I need advice...
*She casts her gaze downward and quivers a little.*
*She looks just as depressed as last time. The feelings I'm perceiving from her make my chest tighten so much it physically hurts. *
*So all of that considered... I think it's safe to say her problem is the same. *
Meguru: So, there is something I'd like to ask of you, Ayachi-senpai. Please... Please make me popular!
Nene: I can do that for you. 
Meguru: ...Huh? U-Umm... Ayachi-senpai?
Nene: What's the problem?
Meguru: I know this sounds silly when I'm the one asking... But are you sure you want to agree so readily to something that vague? Don't you want to figure out my situation or here my reasons first? 
Nene: Huh? Ah, well, umm...
Shuuji: Our policy here is to never turn down anyone. We do adapt our methodology depending on the situation, though.
Nene: Wh-What he said is right. We will still ask you for details, but we won't turn you away no matter what. 
Nene: So we'll help in whatever way possible, just tell us what's going on first.
Meguru: O-Okay.
*Inaba-san proceeds to give us an in-depth rundown of everything, and as expected, it's the exact same situation as last time. *
*She's the only one from her previous school that came here, and then she caught a cold during the first week of school, causing her to get a delayed start. *
*...Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if whatever she did to drastically change her appearance caused the cold. *
*For example, she might've got a chill because she was trying to put the finishing touches on her hairstyle right after she got out of the bath, or something like that.*
Meguru: Ah, but like, I'm not being bullied or anything. I do chat with my classmates. Funnily enough, it was one of them who told me about the OC.
Meguru: It's just, like, I can't integrate myself into any friend circles, like I'm isolated...
Shuuji: So you're basically the one they don't invite when planning to go do stuff after school?
Meguru: That was so blunt it hurt...
Shuuji: My bad.
*Hmm... It all seems to be the same. *
*So, does that mean our approach last time will work again here?*
Meguru: To be honest, I've never actually been very popular. So when I decided to go here, I um... Thought I'd go for a different image.
Meguru: I changed my hairstyle and read tons of magazines so I could be up-to-date with all the latest fashion trends... So, honestly, I don't know what to talk with my classmates about. 
Shuuji: Yeah, there's no book out there that'll tell you that. 
Nene: So you want to know that in order to become popular, correct? 
Meguru: Yeah... I figured all my worries would go away if I just became the center of the class, or just someone popular... 
Meguru: I know how popular you are, Ayachi-senpai, so that's why I came to you.
Nene: I do understand where you're coming from, but I assure you, I'm not as popular as you believe. 
Meguru: ...That almost sounded sarcastic. 
Nene: I'm sorry. I didn't mean for it to.
Shuuji: Yeah. You're 100\% right that Ayachi-san's popular, she just doesn't realize it. 
Shuuji: But I don't think you can just copy her... It's not like she's doing anything specific to earn everyone's attention.
Meguru: Well... I understand that. All I'm asking for is a stepping stone, though! Something that'll put me in the right direction.
Meguru: I was trying to think of something this whole time and before I knew it, it was summer break already... I gave up on doing something about it alone... So I sort of came here as a last hope. 
Nene: Alright. I think I have a good idea of your problem now. Just like I said earlier, we'll help you in whatever ways we can. 
Meguru: For real?! Th-Thank you so much!!
Nene: But please keep in mind, this isn't the kind of issue that can be solved overnight...
Shuuji: Huh?
Meguru: You're right about that...
Nene: Could you possibly give us some time to think about it?
Meguru: Of course. I'm just happy enough that you're gonna help! Thank you so much, again!
*Feeling temporary relief, Inaba-san leaves the clubroom.*
*Thus Nene and I are alone again.*
Shuuji: ...What was the idea behind that?
Nene: Hm? What do you mean?
Shuuji: You said her problem would take time to solve, but judging from everything she said, the situation seems the exact same as last time. 
Shuuji: So, I'd honestly say we could just use her being a gamer again to get everyone's attention... Why'd you ask her to wait? 
Nene: Well... I was just wondering if that was really the right approach. 
Shuuji: How come?
Nene: There might another, better way out there that we just missed the first time...
Nene: Using the game did earn for many friends, but it also caused a few people to dislike her. Don't you remember? 
Nene: That's why I want to give it some more thought, and maybe see if we can find a better way. 
Shuuji: ......
*This is probably the thing Hisashima-sensei was talking about. *
*She's trying to achieve better end results than last time. Of course, there's nothing bad or worthy of criticism about that in and of itself. *
Shuuji: I...
Shuuji: I say we just stick with the same approach. 
Nene: Huh? But that means some of her classmates will end up hating her.
Nene: I mean, I know that there's no guarantee that we'll find an approach that works better, if that's what you're worried about...
Shuuji: That wasn't my issue... Ah, I mean, of course I'm also concerned about it not going well, but what I'm getting at is more this. 
Shuuji: Would you consider the previous outcome to be a failure? 
Nene: Well...
Shuuji: I'm not trying to reject everything you're saying, I'm just trying to pose a point. 
Shuuji: See, I enjoyed all the time we spent with Inaba-san in the club. 
Nene: I did too, of course. 
Shuuji: And I think Inaba-san did too. Sure, maybe some girls in her class didn't like her when all was said and done, but who cares? 
Shuuji: She found plenty of friends in class. She'd always tell me how they'd hang out weekends and go do stuff. 
Shuuji: So, really, I don't think it would be a bad result if we just went with last time's plan...
Nene: ......
Shuuji: So, Nene, um, what do you say we go on a date tomorrow?! 
Nene: Wh-What? A... date, you said?
Shuuji: Yep. A date.
Nene: Umm... How was that even remotely related to what we were talking about? 
Shuuji: Eh, don't worry about it. So, what do you say? 
Nene: Of course, I'd love to... But what spurred this on?
Shuuji: I wanted to go on a date, so I asked you. Is that good enough?
Nene: Ah, of course it is. I'm happy to go.
Shuuji: Great. Then it's date day tomorrow!
Nene: R-Right, I have no problem with that... I suppose I'll meet you tomorrow then...?
*Although she's a bit confused by the randomness of it, she happily agrees. *
Shuuji: ......
*Tomorrow is my date with Nene.*
*I absolutely have to make it more fun than the first one. *
Shuuji: Man... Now I'm just stacking on more pressure.
*But it's my responsibility, and also my obligation as her boyfriend to make that happen.*
Shuuji: Gotta give it my all tomorrow!
================================================================================
Nene: Okay, perfect.
Shuuji: Nene? What are you doing?
Nene: Look.
*I see a picture where Nene has pointed.*
*It's the one we took at the aquarium yesterday. *
*She stuck it up on the locker... The same place she put the one we took on our last date in the other world. *
Nene: You don't mind it being there, do you? 
Shuuji: No, of course not. 
Shuuji: But, I dunno... What do you say we get something better to put it on?
Shuuji: I was thinking maybe like a cork board, so we can put more stuff on it. This photo is only the first of many we'll take.  
Nene: Ah, that's a great idea.
*We gaze sweetly into each other's eyes. *
*But not even a second later, a voice interrupts. *
Meguru: Umm, it's me, Inaba.
Nene: G-G-G-G-Good day, Inaba-san.
Shuuji: Hellow!!
Meguru: ......? Umm... Did I do something wrong?
Nene: Hardly. Feel free to come on inside now. 
Meguru: Okay, will do.
*After standing in the entryway, poking her head inside for the past minute or so, she hesitantly walks in. *
*W-Well, it is what it is. Can't forget, we're at school here. And helping Inaba-san with her problem takes priority.*
Meguru: So, umm... Did you find anything? Oh, and just so you know, I'm aware that there's not any clear-cut solution.
Nene: My apologies. We thought long and hard about it, but... There wasn't anything we could think of to make someone popular.
Meguru: Figured so...
Meguru: It's only natural. I mean, it's not like you can just become popular with the flip of a switch. 
Nene: But, if you're interested, we did find something you might use to strike a conversation with your classmates. 
Meguru: F-For real?! That's more than good enough! Please tell me!
Nene: Absolutely. So, without further ado... Ta-dah, I present to you this.
Meguru: MonHun... and a 3DW?
Nene: It's a popular game at the moment, so it can serve as a topic of mutual interest. I know that you're an avid gamer yourself. 
Meguru: Huh? Ah, yeah... I do like games, but like... How did you know that? 
Nene: Huh? Ah, umm... well...
Meguru: W-Wait... Don't tell me you saw me playing during lunch break...?
Nene: What...?
Shuuji: ...Ah, yeah, sorry. It was kinda hard to bring up, but yeah... We saw you eating by yourself. 
Shuuji: See, sometimes we drop by the clubroom during lunch break, and we just happened to see you on the way.
Meguru: O-Oh, gee... That's rather embarrassing.
Shuuji: Eh, I don't see anything wrong with it. 
*I'd be lying if I said I hadn't been in similar situations. *
Shuuji: But anyways, we were thinking, Inaba-san. Would you like to have lunch with us from now on?
Meguru: Huh...? Are you guys really okay with that?
Nene: Absolutely. Neither of us minds one bit.
Shuuji: But, of course, we only mean temporarily. 
Shuuji: Your ultimate goal is to eat with your classmates to form better relationships. But you're free to eat with us until you reach that stage. 
Meguru: ......
Nene: Well, does that sound good to you? 
Meguru: S-Sure, I'd love that!
Shuuji: Unfortunately, lunch is already over for today... But we can still play MonHun together. 
Nene: Have you played the multiplayer mode before, Inaba-san?
Meguru: Ah, yeah. I've done matchmaking mode a few times. 
Nene: Then I'd greatly appreciate it if you could help me out. To be quite honest, I only just bought the game, so I'm still only level one.
Meguru: Oh, no worries! I'll be glad to help you!
*Thus our new friendship with Inaba-san had formed. *
*After that, she played MonHun in her classroom just like the time before. The girls who noticed approached her, and she played with some of the bigger fans among the guys.*
*She resultingly became friends with the girls into games, but strangely enough, this time she didn't get on the bad side of any other girls.*
*I'm supposing it's because those specific girls aren't in her class anymore. *
*But of course, I never knew all the kids in her class, so I can't be certain. *
*The days following were filled with even more fun, and we shared many great times, playing MonHun and just messing around in general when there were no people consulting us. *
*And when we did get students asking for help, we approached their problems with enough seriousness that we'd never think of second chances. *
*Nene and I were living our lives in relative happiness... But well, given the stunt I pulled a day or two prior, peace and quiet would be a little much to ask for. *
================================================================================
Nene: I do wonder how Kawakami-kun's date went.
Shuuji: Same here. 
*His date went swimmingly the last time, or so he told us... But this time around, we didn't check his schedule beforehand. *
Meguru: Ah, about that. Apparently he screwed up, or something. That's what he told me, at least. 
Nene: Huh? You said he screwed up?
Shuuji: I'm almost scared to ask, but... was it a major screw-up...?
Meguru: Ahh, no, nothing that bad it seems.
Meguru: They went to the movies. Saw a romance flick. One that was getting rave reviews online, too. Everything was fine until they sat down and started watching...
Meguru: So apparently it had some really graphic scenes, and as you can imagine since this was their first date and all, things got preeetty awkward. 
Meguru: It didn't like totally kill their date or anything, but they had trouble holding a conversation after it... Basically, things were just super awkward, he said. 
Shuuji: Yeah, I can imagine some girls would be pretty uncomfortable with stuff like that. 
*With Nene and I, it actually led to... Well, let's not get into that...*
Nene: S-So, how are things between them now? 
Meguru: Looks like it's got both him and Maeda-san feeling kinda bad. 
Meguru: Ahh, but I don't think it'll be anything long-lasting. 
Nene: Are they going to be alright?
Meguru: Well, they're not fighting or anything, so I'd say so. Heck, it pumped Kawakami-kun up. He said he's gonna do better the next date, no matter what!
Shuuji: That's good. 
Nene: Do you really think it won't led to any problems?
Meguru: Hmm... From what Kawakami-kun told me, it was just a bit of an embarrassing experience. I don't think it's anything worth worrying about. 
Nene: Okay... Could you tell him that he's welcome to visit us anytime if he needs help?
Shuuji: Yeah, tell him we're always ready to listen. Even if it's something trite, we don't care. 
Meguru: Roger that!
Meguru: But I wouldn't expect him to come back anytime soon. 
Shuuji: Why's that?
Meguru: Even though things got awkward for a bit, they still talked with each other about lots of stuff. Like their hobbies, the things they like, and so on.
Meguru: It helped them learn how important knowing your partner is in a relationship. And it's something you gotta take the initiative with yourself. 
Nene: Ah, that's good to hear. 
*It might have been a failure compared to his first date the previous time... But judging by what Inaba-san told us, it might lead to positive change in the long run.*
Shuuji: Then I guess you're right. Our worries are unnecessary. 
Meguru: Oh, definitely. As someone in their class, I'm actually kinda bothered by how much they flirt. Heck, they're known in our class as the resident couple.
Meguru: They're so blatant about it even the most aloof kids in class know all about them. 
Meguru: Yet they, on the other hand, think they're actually doing a good job of hiding it, so the flirting continues nonstop, and yeah... You understand my problem. 
Shuuji: You said they're famous among the class, so does nobody tease them about it?
Meguru: About that. The whole class just kinda silently agreed to keep them in the dark since it's funny. 
Meguru: But yeah, they're so obnoxious about it that I'm just waiting for the moment when somebody can't take it anymore... That's how happy they are together.
Shuuji: Ah, okay... That's a big relief, to be honest. 
Shuuji: Right, Nene?
Nene: Yes... I agree. 
Nene: If things are how you say they are, then we don't need to worry about anything. 
Meguru: I'll check back up on them after their second date. 
Shuuji: I appreciate it, but don't get TOO nosy. 
Meguru: Oh, I know, I know. I'll just keep it all under the pretense of the club. I'm not gonna tease him about it or anything.
Shuuji: Thanks. 
*So ultimately, from what Inaba-san has told us, their relationship seems to be going great. *
*We naturally didn't hear anything too detailed, but I would say they're closer than they were the previous time. *
*Yet Nene has a rather... gloomy expression on her face. *
Nene: Are things really alright? The date failed...
Shuuji: Of course they'll be fine. Mistakes happen to everyone; it's just an unavoidable part of life. 
Shuuji: It's not like they got into a fight or anything. Heck, I would've even call this a conflict. 
*The date going wrong didn't throw a wrench in their relationship. *
*Rather, they talked things through as a result, which strengthened their bond with one another. *
*I tried telling Nene this, but I don't know... She just won't cheer up. I feel a distinct bitterness and sourness from her.*
*Is the change weighing on her? *
*I know she's worried before about messing things up by going back in time from her wish...*
Shuuji: There's no need to worry. Even we had a conflict once, and we got through that. 
Shuuji: But well, it was mostly my fault...
Nene: That's right, it was. I'm super mad. Do an introspection, realize your mistakes, and then do it again. I'm serious. 
Shuuji: I will. I'm very, very sorry.
================================================================================
*The days from there on out went much like the last time. *
*We continued to work out all the necessary preparations (like the catering service for food and drinks) all the while making sure to study for our upcoming midterms.*
*We also got the school's Brass Band to agree to play, and we're also going to hold a costume contest. *
*I messed up my left hand, once again. Nevertheless, I taped it up and continued my practice. *
*My endurance paid off, and I finally got to a level that I thought was rehearsal-ready. *
*All in all, things had been going a lot better than last time.*
*Midterms came and went, and after I got my skills up to par, Nene started to join our rehearsals.*
*The difference was notable. *
*She came in with her voice in peak condition, plus the song and notes memorized to a T. I'm being serious when I say her voice sounded much more beautiful than last time. *
*When she first sung with us, I was so captivated by her voice that I completely lost track of where I was in the song. *
*But it seemed to have given Kariya more confidence. She said, basically "The crowd's gonna LOVE us with a voice that amazing!"*
*As for other differences worth noting, I guess that would be the advertisement.*
*Since we got most of the major preparations taken care of earlier than expected, we were able to put a lot more effort into advertising. *
*Well, I say "we," but it was mostly Togakushi-senpai, Shiiba-san, Inaba-san and the Student Council who put in the entirety of the work; I had my hands full with practice and rehearsal.*
*And eventually, at long last, the day of the party was upon us. *
Hideaki: Well well, the day is finally here.
Wakana: Ugghh... I feel like my chest is gonna explode...
Hideaki: Come on. You're gonna crash and burn on stage if you're already this nervous. 
Wakana: How are you not nervous? I don't understand it. 
Hideaki: 'Course I am. But eh, compared to performing at clubs, this is a lot less stressful. 
Wakana: I wish I could think like that... God, my stomach hurts so much... Urk, I might just throw up.
Hideaki: Didn't take you to be someone with bad stage fright. 
Wakana: What is that supposed to mean?
Shuuji: Well, it's her first time performing in front of a crowd. I don't blame her. 
Wakana: What about you, Hoshina? Are you nervous? 
Shuuji: I mean, I don't have experience like Kaidou does... I guess it still doesn't feel quite real to me. I'm more concerned about the party prep.
Shuuji: Wait, why are you guys even here this early? The party's in the evening. 
Wakana: I know, but I just couldn't sit still. 
Hideaki: Not much point in practicing just the two of us, since the weakest link of the crew is our bass guitar player. 
Wakana: I figured I'd come here to help you guys with the party prep and everything. It's probably better to get my mind of the performance anyways. 
Wakana: So yeah, anything I can do?
Hideaki: Add me in too. Figured I might as well show up early, you know. Don't wanna sleep in and miss the whole thing. 
Wakana: Are we only gonna get in the way? 
Shuuji: No, there should be stuff for you to do...
*The only problem is, I don't know exactly what all needs to be done...*
*But more manpower is still a good thing regardless. *
Meguru: Ah, Hoshina-senpai! Helloha!
Shuuji: Oh, hey Inaba-san. 
Hideaki: Hey there.
Wakana: Good morning!
Meguru: Huh? Are you guys gonna do some last-minute rehearsing? 
Shuuji: I'd love to, but all the party set-up comes first. 
Wakana: We came here to help.
Shuuji: I figured there'd be stuff for them to help with, but do you know of anything in particular they can do? 
Meguru: Sure, there's plenty! We're making some pumpkin lanterns, baking cookies and pudding using the pumpkin guts, and also decorating the gym. Take your pick!
Meguru: But I think you might wanna go ask Togakushi-senpai and see what she wants. She's in charge of managing our workforce.
Shuuji: Ah, okay. 
*I guess we should do that then... I wonder if she's already in the clubroom?*
Shuuji: Oh, right. This isn't related to that, but I have an errand for you two. Could you go buy some flowers?
Wakana, Hideaki: Flowers?
Meguru: Tadaaa! What do you think? Looking good? Rawr! Just kidding!
Shuuji: Oh yeah, you're rocking that outfit. 
Meguru: Really? Gosh, thanks!
Touko: Come to think of it, I don't think you ever heard we were dressing up in costumes. 
Touko: So, what do you think? A bit too revealing?
Shuuji: I'd say you can cut out the "a bit" part... My eyes don't know where to look...
*It's a hot costume. It's a VERY hot costume. *
*I've been abstaining from sex as per my promise with Nene, which means I have a lot of pent-up desire. So this is the LAST kind of costume I need to see right now...!*
Touko: Mufufu... You're just the cutest thing. Well, what do you say? Wanna go somewhere and have a little fun?
Shuuji: You're not helping by saying things like that! Please, just back up! 
Touko: Oh, don't worry. As long as we keep our mouths shut, nobody has to find out... Mufufu.
*With a slightly mischievous smile, Togakushi-senpai inches closer to me in a way that specifically emphasizes her cleavage. *
*Agh, stop! This is seriously not good...!*
Meguru: Wow, look at that naughty look on his face. Is he really gonna manage? I'm afraid he might actually cheat on Nene-senpai. 
Touko: That's a little worrying. 
Shuuji: I would NEVER! My heart beats only for one woman, and her name is Ayachi Nene!
Tsumugi: Look, you made him go and proclaim it. Don't test him like that. 
Tsumugi: Plus his band performance is today. He doesn't need any more stress. 
Shuuji: I wholeheartedly agree. So kindly stop directing unjust accusations at me.
Touko: Oh, sorry. I was just trying to joke around to loosen the mood... Did I get a little too carried away?
Meguru: I'm very sorry. 
Shuuji: As long as you're sorry. 
Tsumugi: So, how are things coming with the band? 
Shuuji: Well... I think I'm ready to perform in front of people. Albeit, just barely. 
*My promise with Nene meant I put in ten times more effort than before.*
*And that probably led to results. Kaidou even said so.*
Hideaki: Should be good enough for a school event. You'll do fine. 
*He gave him his stamp of approval, so to speak. *
Shuuji: No point getting flustered over it at this point. I just need to get up on stage and give it my all. 
Tsumugi: Good luck! I'll be watching. 
Meguru: Oh yeah, Tsumugi-senpai, are you gonna change into your costume? 
Tsumugi: W-Well... I would've loved to get in a costume, for the party and all, but er, yeah...
Tsumugi: My condition got in the way, so I couldn't wear the costume the Design Club went through the trouble of making me... *sigh*...
Meguru: Oh, I'm sorry for asking. 
Touko: I need to apologize too. I should've asked you about the costume beforehand, but I didn't. 
Tsumugi: No, it's really alright! I was the one who wanted a cute costume if anything... I'm just glad you guys had one made for me. 
*Both Nene and I gave Shiiba-san a heads-up before the costumes were made, but it didn't have any effect. She adamantly refused to wear a boys' costume. *
Tsumugi: So, um, where is Ayachi-san?
Touko: Hm? I think she's still changing. 
Shuuji: Oh, that reminds me. There's something I need to tell you guys before she gets here. 
Meguru: Oh, is this related to what you said to them earlier about the flowers? 
Tsumugi, Touko: Huh?
*The party has now officially begun. *
*Things seem just as lively... no, even more lively than the last time. *
Touko: Here, I made this pumpkin pudding myself. Help yourself.
Koshiji: Thank you, Senpai.
Koshiji: ......
Koshiji: Togakushi-senpai's very own pumpkin pudding...
Shuuji: Koshiji-san... You still haven't gotten over her?
Koshiji: Hm? No, you're misunderstanding. The only reason I can still talk to her is because I gave up on her.
Koshiji: But, well, throwing away all my feelings for her will take a little time.
Shuuji: Oh, well, keep it up.
Koshiji: Oh, yeah, I will. You really don't need to worry about me.
Shuuji: Man, there sure are a lot of people here. I didn't come here last year; is it always this packed? 
Koshiji: No, I'd say attendance is more than usual this year. You can see that by how fast the food is going. 
Koshiji: I suppose the extra advertising we got to do really helped out. 
Koshiji: Then we also have Togakushi-senpai participating in the costume contest, and Ayachi-san singing. Word got out about that fast. 
Shuuji: Yeah, they're the stars of the school. Not surprised people came for them. 
Koshiji: So, how are things looking?
Shuuji: Great... Well, I'd love to say that, but I can't. I'll try not to crash and burn, at least.
Koshiji: ...I feel like I become more indebted towards you with each passing day. 
Shuuji: Really? I don't think I've done anything that special. 
Koshiji: Well, you helped me get over my crush, plus you were the one who suggested this whole band performance thing. 
Koshiji: Everyone always says events organized by the Student Council are boring and dull, so you're really saving our behinds here. 
Shuuji: Well, you might as well thank the OC as a whole for that. It sure wasn't just me. 
Koshiji: I really don't appreciate how fussy you are. Just take the compliment and be happy. 
Shuuji: If you're happy, then I am too. 
Koshiji: Given how much you've done for me... I really feel like I need to repay you. If you have anything in mind, just tell me.
Koshiji: Ah, but no asking me for sexual favors! I'm pretty sure I only swing one way. 
Shuuji: Wouldn't have asked anyways. I already have the most adorable girlfriend in the world. 
Koshiji: Haha, is that bragging, I hear? Well, good for you. 
Shuuji: But I do have a favor to ask of you regarding Nene. 
Koshiji: Hm?
Shuuji: ―So yeah, that's the plan I have in mind... Think you can do it? 
Koshiji: Sure, I don't see why not. 
Shuuji: Really? Thanks!
Hideaki: Heey, Shuuji! We gotta go backstage here in a sec. 
Shuuji: Ahh, yeah, coming.
Shuuji: Alright, can you take care of it for me? 
Koshiji: You betcha. If this is all you want for repayment, then consider it done. 
Shuuji: Thanks. See you later.
Koshiji: Yep. Break a leg up there.
Shuuji: I will.
*I say goodbye to Koshiji-san, and join up with Kaidou and the others. *
Shuuji: Sorry. I'm ready.
Hideaki: Ready to perform?
Shuuji: Hands are still shaking a bit... But apart from that, I'm good to go.
Wakana: I'm right there with you. My heart's pounding like a hammer, my fingers and knees are shaking, and my mind is blank; but apart from that, I'm perfectly fine.
Shuuji: That sure doesn't sound like fine. 
Wakana: I-I'm good, I promise! Agh, don't make me more scared than I already am! I'm one step short of a panic attack here!
Wakana: I can't back out at this point, so don't back me against a wall, dangit! 
Shuuji: S-Sorry. That was never my intention.
Hideaki: Hey, hey, you're gonna be fine. We got someone even more likely to screw up among our ranks, so you got nothing to worry about, Wakana-chan.
Shuuji: Welll... You aren't wrong. I probably will make more mistakes, to be honest. 
*I did only pick up this instrument a month ago. *
Shuuji: Ready, Nene?
Nene: Y-Yesh! I'm good to go! I try my best to not ruin our performan!!
Shuuji: Calm down, take a deep breath. We've rehearsed it plenty of times.
Hideaki: What he said. If we manage what we did during rehearsal, we'll kill it. And even if play a little worse, we'll still kill it!
Hideaki: Have some confidence. All you gotta do is focus on singing clearly, with spirit, and you'll do just fine. 
Nene: O-Okay. I'll try.
Hideaki: And some advice for you, Wakana-chan. Keep calm and listen to the rhythm. Your fingers should move by themselves as long as you got the beat. 
Wakana: Y-Yeah, they should. Given how much we've practiced, I should be fine even if I blank out during the middle. 
Hideaki: And finally, Shuuji... Well, try not to screw up too bad. 
Shuuji: What the hell?! Don't you have any ACTUAL advice for me?
Hideaki: I can't, man. You're beyond amateur level...
Shuuji: Okay, I fully admit it was a gargantuan undertaking, but still! At least something would do!
Hideaki: Well, eh, I guess there's one thing; don't stop playing even when you make mistakes. You won't get any do-overs, so keep up, even if it kills ya. Feel the groove in your head. 
Hideaki: As for the rest, we'll smooth out your mistakes. That's about all I can tell ya. 
Shuuji: Hmm, the groove... I'll try not to get lost. 
Hideaki: Alright! Let's get up there and do this thing.
Shuuji: Yeah!
Nene: I-I'll try not to fail!
Touko: Next up, we have a band performance. Are you ready? Ah, looks like you are.
Touko: Go ahead and start whenever you're ready!
Shuuji: Y'all ready for this?
Nene: Y-Yes. I'm ready. 
Wakana: A-Alright...! Let's do this!!
Hideaki: Man, it's been awhile since my last live performance. Let's do this, baby!
*We stop on stage to a round of applause and a large number of eyes pinned on us. *
*Ugh... I'm still not good with people staring at me. *
*The wide variety of looks create a wide variety of sensations within me. *
*I feel bitterness, sourness, spiciness, a prickling pain on my skin, chills running down my spine, everything... I can't even distinguish them at this point. My mind is going crazy. *
*But I'll be fine. Just relax. *
*I have my pals up here with me. *
*And I see my friends smiling at me out in the audience. *
*It's all good. I can't let this knock me down now. *
*I straighten my back and face the audience head on.*
Nene: U-Umm... Good evening. Are you all enjoying today's Halloween party?
Nene: As part of the organizational team, I sure hope so. We will also be announcing the winner of the costume contest after this, so make sure you all cast your vote.
Nene: We sincerely hope you'll listen to our performance in the meanwhile. We practiced many long hours in preparation for today.
Nene: Our band... Ah...! Come to think of it, we were so occupied with rehearsing and everything else that we didn't discuss our band name... Our apologies...
Nene: A-Anyhow, please join us in the fun as we liven this party up. Okay then, without further ado.
*She lowers the microphone a short bit. *
*After that, she looks around the group and confirms that we're all ready to go.*
*After getting everyone's nod, she turns back to the crowd. *
*Staring at her back from my position behind her, I also get ready to go.*
*We only have one shot at this. And just one song too. Gotta kick some ass and make this a performance to remember!*
*Music starts playing from the speakers.*
*I nimbly move both of my hands to catch my entrance. *
*Man... Nene's voice is so beautiful. *
*It's enchanting, so gentle and crystal clear. I, naturally, was spellbound by it, but the audience was equally. Everyone is caught up in the music, as the party reaches peak excitement. *
Shuuji: You were great out there, Nene.
Nene: Thank you.
*She takes the drink I offer her and downs it all at once.*
Nene: Puah! Phew... I'm beat.
Shuuji: You really killed it up there, Nene. Your voice was just amazing. 
Nene: Th-Thank you... I think you did a lovely job yourself. 
Shuuji: Yeah, I guess. I didn't make as many mistakes as last time, so I'm satisfied. 
Nene: I'm glad I managed to not mess up my singing any. 
Shuuji: Yeah.
*We stand next to each other, cooling off our bodies with the chill of the nighttime air. *
*Inside, though, the party is still going, full of energy and excitement. *
Nene: You can hear the noise from way out here. 
Shuuji: Yeah, everyone's excited since they're announcing the costume contest winners. 
Nene: I think Togakushi-senpai took first place. 
Shuuji: Yep. I'm sad you didn't win, but you didn't get too far behind. 
*Was the difference in the guys' votes? I'd sure think so. *
*But eh, I can see why. Togakushi-senpai is smoking hot, and has a nice rack to boot. We guys go gaga over hot girls in revealing outfits.   *
Shuuji: .........
*I think Nene could've given her a run for her money if she had on that witch outfit. *
*Hot damn, is that thing revealing... I could get a hard-on just looking at her in it. *
Nene: *stare*
Shuuji: Y-Yeah?
Nene: I can tell you were thinking about something funny. What was it, if you don't mind telling me? 
Shuuji: Nah, it wasn't anything special...
Shuuji: I was just wondering if maybe you would've beaten Togakushi-senpai in your witch outfit. 
Nene: My witch outfit... Nnhh~~! I-I would never come to a school event in an outfit like that!
Shuuji: I don't blame you. Plus, I don't want other guys seeing your bare skin. 
Nene: Do you... love that outfit? 
Shuuji: I wouldn't necessarily say I love it... But revealing outfits aren't half bad... Every now and then, you know. 
Nene: ......
*She suddenly starts glaring at me. *
Nene: Be honest... Who did you vote for?
Shuuji: ...Do you not trust me at all?
Nene: I want confirmation from you.
Shuuji: Okay. I voted for you. Not out of some obligation to as your boyfriend, but because I honestly thought you looked the best. 
Shuuji: You look wonderful in that costume, and while I will admit that Togakushi-senpai's costume is really sexy, you're the only girl for me. 
Nene: I'm glad... That's the only vote I need. 
Shuuji: You look so stunning and adorable. So much I'm fighting the urge to kiss you right now. 
Nene: ...To kiss me?
Shuuji: You promised me a reward. So I'll go ahead and take it... A kiss, right here and now. 
Nene: ......
Nene: No. Vetoed.
Shuuji: Huh? Wh-Why not? You promised! Or did I not do a good enough job to get the reward? 
Shuuji: I mean, I'll be the first to admit that my playing wasn't the best. 
Nene: Oh no, you did wonderful. And I also believe the audience loved it. Our performance was a great success in my opinion.
Nene: It was even... Well, maybe saying it was more successful than the last time would be a stretch, but I'd say the audience was just as fired up. 
Shuuji: Yeah, I'd agree.
Shuuji: So, then... Why am I not getting my reward? 
Nene: Oh, don't worry; you are. But... A kiss won't do.
Nene: You can kiss me even without that promise. Do you really want to waste your promise on something that miniscule?
Shuuji: ......
*She gazes up at me longingly. *
*Her eyes... seem somewhat moist to me.*
Shuuji: Okay, I take that back. 
Nene: Good...
Shuuji: Um... Do you think we still have enough time before the party ends? 
Nene: Y-Yes. I believe so.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: ...Alright, let's go somewhere we can be alone.
Nene: ...Okay.
*We walk down the hallway in silence.*
*Normally I'd feel scared walking down an empty school hallway at night... but not right now.*
*The same goes for Nene, whose hand I'm holding. Neither is she shaking, nor can I sense any fear from her. *
Shuuji: ......
Nene: ......
*The silence perspires. But, funnily enough, our thoughts and feelings are aligned. *
*We're both dying with impatience. *
*As physical proof of that, we both simultaneously increase our walking pace without saying anything. *
*We find the clubroom, and barge in as fast as we can, before slamming the door shut. *
Nene: Mh, mhhh... *kiss* *kiss*... mhh, mh, fuh *kiss* *kiss* mhhh *smooch*
Shuuji: Mh *kiss* *kiss* *smooch*
Nene: Mh, fuh, mh, mh, mh *slurp* *smack* *smack*... mhhh *smack* *slurp* *lick* *lick* *suuuck*
*The very second we arrive, I put my mouth against hers. *
*She shows no reluctance or surprise whatsoever. *
*If anything, she kisses back just as strongly, if not more. She assertively and lustfully wraps her tongue around mine.*
Nene: Haah, amh... mh, mhhh *kiss* *smack*... *slurp* *smack* *suck* mh, mhhhhhhh!
Nene: Puah, hah *paaant*... *paaant*... *paaant*...
Shuuji: *pant* *pant* *pant*... Amhh, mhhh!
Nene: Mhh *kiss* mh... *kiss* *smooch*... mh *slurp* *lick* *kiss* *smack* *smack*
Nene: Mhhh, faaah, hah *paaant*... *paaant*... It's been so long. Why am I not surprised our first kiss is this sloppy...
Shuuji: It's been so long, Nene. I missed the taste of your lips so much... That kiss was amazing. 
Nene: I know... It really was. I love your kisses...
*She speaks with clear embarrassment, but with just as much evident joy. *
Nene: Have you decided on a reward yet, Shuuji-kun?
Shuuji: Yeah, I have. I want to do the deed with you. Kissing isn't enough to satisfy my lust right now. 
Shuuji: I want to plow you, really really hard.  
Nene: Okay... As a reward for all your hard work, you can do me as hard as you like. 
*I pull a blushing Nene into my arms, and embrace her tightly. *
*Then, we kiss again. This time longer, and more suffocatingly. *
Nene: Mhh *kiss* *kiss* *kiss* *smack*... mhhh *lick* *lick*... mhhh, haah, mnmh... ahh, this feels so good... mhh *kiss* *kiss* *slurp*
================================================================================
*I saw a dream that night.*
*Nene is singing on-stage, microphone in hand. Her voice is beautiful and angelic. She's absolutely mesmerizing.*
*I'm there, playing my bass guitar. Additionally, there's Kaidou on his drums, and Kariya on her guitar. *
*Together, the four of us play our song during the Halloween Party. I feel energized, and make use of everything I learned to give the best performance I can. *
*Of course, I made my fair share of mistakes, but all in all, it was a performance I could be satisfied with.  *
*We've finally made it to this point... It's been a little over a month since the memories of my previous self fused with me. *
*While strengthening my relationship with Nene, we've helped many students in this past month... And it all culminated at that moment at the party. *
*The outpouring of love and gratitude touched her heart. *
*Still, however, I'd be naive to think that she's been freed of all the guilt she feels. *
*She will, though, be able to think more positively from here on out. *
*I could sense that directly from her heart. *
*I know more than anyone how much trouble I've caused her. *
*She was running the OC all by herself, working diligently to bring happiness into people's lives. *
*All the while, trying to change the future as little as possible so she would reunite with me. *
*Despite all the struggles and hardships, Nene persevered, and we met again. So now it's my responsibility to repay her by supporting her in any which way I can. *
*There had to without a doubt be moments where she wanted to change something, but chose not to for my sake, and suffered because of it. *
*Yet she kept her head high, and strove to better all of our lives. *
Shuuji: %130;Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!
Shuuji: Oh my god! I'm such an idiot!
*How did I not THINK of this until now?!*
*I should've done this from the very start!*
*I bolt up in my bed.*
Taichi: H-Hey, everything okay?!
*Rightfully concerned after my loud yell first thing in the morning, Dad enters my room.*
Shuuji: Ah, er, sorry. It's nothing. 
Taichi: You sure? You didn't have a nightmare or something, did ya?
Shuuji: No, nothing like that... I was just, um, forgetting something really important. 
Shuuji: Well, don't worry about it. 
Taichi: If you say so... But goodness, you startled me. I got worried the stress finally got to you and you broke. 
Shuuji: It wasn't THAT bad. Oh, do you know what time it is now?
Taichi: Little past eight. 
Shuuji: M-Mhh... *sigh*... My body feels sore as heck. 
*Gotta get up though.*
*I'm in charge of breakfast. *
Shuuji: ...You fine with something simple today? I was just thinking some toast and scrambled eggs... maybe also fry some sausages. Something quick and easy like that. 
Taichi: Fine by me.... Ah, two slices of toast for me, please.
Shuuji: 'Kay. 
*Today is the day following the party. *
*Luckily, we finished all the cleaning up and stuff yesterday. *
*Normally in a scenario like this, I'd just kick back and relax at home... But can't have that.*
*I've got something to do pronto.*
Taichi: That party was yesterday, wasn't it? How'd your performance go?
Shuuji: Hm? Ah, it went good. I made some mistakes, but eh, the audience loved it. 
Taichi: Great. I'm glad to hear. 
Taichi: So what's on your agenda for today? Spend the day at home and rest up?
Shuuji: No, I have somewhere to be after I get done cleaning up from breakfast. 
Taichi: Haven't you been up real late practicing these past few weeks? Don't you think you could put off whatever it is just for today? 
Shuuji: Well, it's a bit pressing. 
Taichi: Pressing, you say... Ah-ha!
Taichi: I see. You're going to see Ayachi-san.
Shuuji: ......
Taichi: But, just a word of advice... I know you're young, but take some breaks every now and then. I mean... look, intense physical activity isn't good when your body's sore. 
Shuuji: Can you NOT?! We're eating breakfast here!
Taichi: Well, you're a young man... Don't worry, I feel ya completely.
Taichi: But sometimes, son, you gotta tell your willy to chilly. 
Shuuji: You literally brought all this up just so you could make that stupid joke, didn't you?!
Shuuji: Okay, I'm going now. Bye. 
Taichi: Right, but what about dinner?
Shuuji: I'll probably be back in time... I'll call you later in the day. 
Taichi: Alright. Guess I'll make some curry or something then; been a while. That way, if you don't eat, I can just save it for tomorrow. 
Shuuji: I should be back. 
Shuuji: Also, changing the subject... Could I have some money? 
Taichi: Huh? For a hotel room...?
Shuuji: Oh my god, can you stop this already?!
Shuuji: I want the money to buy some SWEETS, okay!
Shuuji: Alright, let's do this. 
*I finished up the housework, then left and immediately made my way to Nene's apartment. I just dialed her apartment number on the keypad.*
Shuuji: Hope she's up. 
*I mean, she should be since it's almost past noon... She could be sleeping, though, considering how exhausted she must have been.*
*Her past weeks have been just as hectic and busy as mine. She had to juggle party preparations and our band rehearsals. *
*Eh, if she's asleep, I can just kill time doing something and come back later. *
Nene: "Yes?"
Shuuji: Ah, you're up?
Nene: "Is that you, Shuuji-kun? What are you doing here?"
Shuuji: There's something I wanted to talk about. 
Nene: "Oh, really? Ah, I'm sorry, I'll let you in in a second―er, make that 30 minutes. Please wait a bit."
Shuuji: Ah, yeah, sure.
*Before the call cut off, I could hear her frantically doing something. *
*Is she tidying up her apartment for me?*
*Yeah, maybe I should've called her before coming. *
*...Now that I think about it, I have a bad habit of showing up at her place without warning. *
*I do have a phone, but I forget about it sometimes since I use it so rarely. *
*I went off and killed some time for 30 minutes, then made my way back to her apartment.*
Nene: So, what did you want? We didn't make plans that I forgot about, did we? 
Shuuji: Nope, we didn't. Sorry for just showing up out of the blue. 
Shuuji: You weren't going to do anything today, by any chance, were you?
Nene: No, nothing in particular. Just stay at home and relax... Did you want to go do something?
Shuuji: Well, when I woke up this morning, a certain realization suddenly hit me. There's somewhere I want to take you, if you're alright with that...
Shuuji: I kind of need you there to do anything. 
Nene: You need me there to do anything? 
Nene: Y-You're not planning on... dragging me into some extremely perverted fetish sex, are you? 
Shuuji: Don't act so afraid, sheesh...
*I have to imagine what would even classify as "extremely perverted fetish sex" under her warped standards.  *
Nene: Umm, please give me a few moments. I want to, um... Take a shower first...
Shuuji: You don't have to. You won't need a shower for what we're going to do. 
Nene: What...?! You meanie... Y-You know I'll feel gross if I'm all sweaty... Is that what you want? Your fetishes are way too extreme for me!
Shuuji: Yeah, um, I don't have a sweat fetish. 
Nene: Please, let me shower... I-If you want... we could even get in together. 
Shuuji: Yes, please!
Shuuji: Ah, wait, don't listen to me. I reflexively said yes because of how enticing that is, but I DIDN'T come here today for that!
Nene: You mean... we aren't going to have sex...?
Shuuji: Why oh why do you have to tempt me like this...
*She has such an adorable, pleading look on her face that I end up swallowing my saliva. *
Shuuji: Don't be sad, Nene. You're gonna make me drop my plans so we can have sexy time...
Nene: I would be okay with that, though...
Shuuji: I'm begging you, don't sulk on me like that. I'm seriously about to consider spending the whole day here...
Nene: So what did you have in mind, then? Do you want to go on a date? 
Shuuji: I wouldn't quite call it that. 
Shuuji: See, I want to meet your parents. 
Nene: Huh? You want to meet my parents?
Shuuji: I didn't think of it before because of everything that's been going on, but you decided to live here, alone, so you could reunite with me.
Shuuji: You intentionally rejected your new mom and moved away here, because you were afraid of changing the future. Isn't that right? 
Nene: ......
Shuuji: But we're together now, so there's no longer any need for that. 
Shuuji: It's okay to make choices that'll have substantial effects on the future. 
Shuuji: Would you be willing to talk to your mom and dad, and go back to living with them?
Nene: I mean, you have a point, but still...
Shuuji: I understand. You're a bit afraid to do that because you were the one who forced them to let you do this. Is that right? 
Nene: Yes... I pretty much demanded to live alone, in the first place... I'd feel a little bad coming back and disrupting their current lifestyle. 
Shuuji: Figured that. So how about I come with you? You'll have me there with you if you're too afraid. So would you be willing to go talk to them?
Shuuji: I feel like that guilt is just going to keep getting in the way of your happiness unless you do something about it. 
Nene: ......
Shuuji: I honestly think they'd love to start living with you again. 
Shuuji: Of course, it might be difficult readjusting at first. You might find some things you're dissatisfied with. 
Shuuji: But still, you also have to consider this might make you a happier individual. 
Nene: ......
Shuuji: ......
*It all weighs on what she wants. I'm not about to force my girlfriend to do something she doesn't want. *
*I don't want to be anything more than the one who suggested it. I want her to be the one who ultimately makes that step forward. *
*That's why I'm going to patiently wait for her answer.*
*How long has this silence worn on already? I can only guess. *
*It shouldn't be all that long, in reality. But long enough still for the silence to grow heavy. *
*Then, after a minute or so of rumination, she raises her head and responds. *
Nene: Yes... You're right. It was my selfish action to begin with. It would be wrong of me to keep putting it off forever. 
Nene: I can't spend my entire life running away. After all, I want my dad and mom to be happy as well.
Shuuji: I want you to be happy, too, Nene. Seeing you happy makes me happy. 
Nene: I suppose I'll have to do it, then. I can't just avert my eyes forever...
Shuuji: Thank you. 
Nene: But if I face my problems, then you will too.
Shuuji: Huh? What do you mean?
Nene: I'm talking about your ability. I may not be able to fully understand your experience... But still, I want you to be as happy as possible. 
Nene: If you suffer, then so do I.
Shuuji: Nene...
Nene: I'm willing to do everything in my power to help you overcome this. So, please, don't try to fight it alone. 
Nene: No matter what anyone else in the world thinks or says about you, I will always be on your side. 
Shuuji: ...I know you will. I promise I'll come to you if it ever starts becoming a problem. 
Nene: Thank you...
Shuuji: But, in all honesty, I'm not bothered by my ability much anymore. 
Nene: Is that so?
Shuuji: I know it doesn't exist to make me miserable. Of course, that doesn't mean it exists to make my life great, either...
*After so many bad experiences as a child because of it, I began to hate my ability. It agonized me, and made me feel awful about myself. *
*That very ability, however, is what brought Nene into my life. It's also what caused us to fall in love. *
*I also can't forget that this ability is what allows me to comprehend her suffering and anguish. *
Nene: ......?
*The fact that I've accepted it is why I can see her smiling, so happy right now. *
*I loathed my ability, and by effect, my own self... Of course I'd lose sight of what's around me. *
*So I have to accept myself, look up, and face forward. If I don't, I'll make the lovely girl by my side worry. *
Shuuji: Do I look like I'm suffering?
Nene: No, not exactly... But I always thought you were just hiding it from me...
Shuuji: I'm not hiding anything, I promise. I'm the happiest man in the world to have you in my life. 
*I'm so, so glad that I reached out for that fragment and retrieved my memories. From the bottom of my heart. *
*I found the satisfaction and happiness I'd always desired because I was courageous enough to just reach out and not be afraid. *
*It brought me both the love of my life, and the resolve I needed to accept my ability. *
*I won't deny that my ability has its fair share of negatives, but it also has so many positives. *
*And I say that not only for myself. *
*I was able to bring happiness to so many students through the OC... But most of all, I was able to bring Nene happiness. *
*This ability doesn't exist to make my life miserable. It holds the power to bring happiness to everyone around me. *
*I just know that's the reason my mother left me with it. *
*She wanted me to live a happy life, and used it to achieve what she couldn't. *
*Thank you, Mom. Thank you so, so much.*
*You led me to this wonderful girl standing before me. *
*I've been a pessimist about life for far too long... But from now on, I'm going to do my best to spread happiness with this tool you gave me. *
Nene: Then, in that case... I'll keep striving to make you more and more happy. 
Shuuji: Thanks. And I will too. Let's live the happiest lives we can, Nene.
Nene: ...Yes, let's. We'll be together forever!
Shuuji: Well, with that said, I'd like to formally ask you if I can meet your parents.  
Shuuji: I mean, if we're going to be together forever, we'll have to do it eventually. 
Nene: S-Still, though... don't you think that can wait a little longer?
Shuuji: True, I know what you mean; we're still in school and all. But, you did meet my dad already, no? Even if it was by accident. 
Shuuji: It doesn't have to be right this moment, but I do want to marry you some day, Nene.
Nene: M-Marriage...
Shuuji: Do you not want to?
Nene: I do, I do, I do! I want to marry you too! I just, well, got a little embarrassed when I imagined our life as newlyweds. 
Nene: I-I know how much of a meanie and a pervert you are... S-So I just know you're going to do something like make me cook naked with only an apron over top.
Shuuji: W-Well...
*I can't rule out the possibility. In addition to that, we'll probably have sex in the bath. A lot. *
Shuuji: Well, getting back to what I was talking about. 
Shuuji: If we're going to get married, I have to meet your parents eventually, so I figured now better than later... Or would you rather go and talk to them alone?
Nene: No, I want you there with me! I'm still a little scared, so having you there... would make things a lot easier on me. 
Shuuji: Glad to hear.
Shuuji: So do you want to go right now? 
Nene: Sure, that's fine.
Shuuji: Oh, but maybe we should call and tell them first? 
Nene: Right. I'll make sure to do that before we leave.
Shuuji: Perfect. We can also buy some sweets on the way as a little present... Do you know any your dad likes? 
Nene: I think kintsuba was one of his favorites.
Shuuji: Okay. Kintsuba it is...
Shuuji: Ready to go, then, Nene?
Shuuji: It's time to seize happiness. 
*I hold out my hand towards her. *
Nene: Yes!
*She takes my hand, beaming wide, without the slightest hint of hesitation. *
*Thus she and I take our first step into the future unknown. *
*Not knowing what lies ahead of us is unnerving, but that's life. *
*Everyone deals with the same fears and worries, yet they all strive to find happiness. *
*And if they can find it, then so can we. *
*As long as we have each other, happiness will be right there. *
*I have my love here with me, and I can feel her warmth. I have no reason to fear anything. *
*Our future will shine brighter than the stars in the night sky. I just know it. *
Nene: Here's to many more years together, Shuuji-kun.
================================================================================
*Now that our performance is over, it won't be long before the party ends.*
*I while away the time eating some snacks before the final event of the evening.*
Koshiji: And now for our final announcement. The winner of the first annual Himematsu Halloween Costume Contest is...
Koshiji: Our former Student Council President, Togakushi Touko-saaan!
Touko: Hey everyone! Thank you! Thank you!
*Togakushi-senpai takes to the stage and waves at the applauding audience with a smile on her face.*
*Next to her is Ayachi-san. She only came in second place, but her applause is no less thunderous.*
Shuuji: Wow. They really finished in first and second.
*Their total vote tallies were far above everyone else's. That goes to show how important popularity is for these things.*
*I had thought Ayachi-san singing in front of everyone just now would've given her the edge though.*
Shuuji: I guess nothing beats a sexy costume.
*Even from a distance, Togakushi-senpai is a knockout in that costume. Talk about an unfair advantage.*
*I wouldn't be surprised if almost every guy voted for her. Looking around, I can see lot of the guys cheering for her.*
Shuuji: ...Hm?
*My gaze stops at one specific group set apart from the crowd.*
Female Classmate A: Inaba-san, congrats!
Meguru: Ah, y-yeah, thanks... Though, I only finished eighth, which is nothing special...
Female Classmate B: That's still amazing! An eighth place finish is really good with so many contestants!
Female Classmate A: That's right! You look great in your costume! You should be proud of your ranking!
Meguru: R-Roger...
Female Classmate A: Ahaha, you're as stiff ever.
Meguru: B-But the top spots are for all the popular students!
Meguru: Like, Nene-senpai and Togakushi-senpai I can understand... But who was crazy enough to vote for me?
Female Classmate B: I voted for you.
Meguru: Whaaat?!
Male Classmate A: Oh, I voted for you too.
Meguru: What?! Wh-Why?! Why me?!
Male Classmate A: Huh? Well, as thanks for helping me with that MonHun event a while back? Besides, you're the only one wearing a costume from our class.
Female Classmate A: Yeah! Voting for a popular person like Togakushi-senpai is fine and all, but I'd rather vote for someone I actually know.
Female Classmate B: Exactly! I'd rather vote for a friend I hang out with than some random popular girl. You gotta support your own.
Meguru: Oh, uhh...
Female Classmate A: Anyway, congrats Inaba-san!
Meguru: Th-Thank you! Thank you so much!
*Inaba-san's friends all surround her and congratulate her on her top-ten finish.*
*I can tell even from here that her face is beet red.*
Shuuji: Haha... That's great. Looks like her classmates all voted for her.
Meguru: ...Ah!
*Our eyes meet.*
*Inaba-san bows her head to everyone around her then comes running over to me.*
Meguru: Senpaaai!
Shuuji: You sure it's okay to ditch your classmates like that?
Meguru: Oh, well, our conversation was just wrapping up...
Meguru: Anyway, you gotta hear this! It's super amazing!
Shuuji: Everyone seemed really happy for you.
Meguru: They were! Everyone was psyched to see me finish in eighth!
Meguru: They even all voted for me. Can you believe it? For me... Haha...
Shuuji: That's great.
Meguru: It is! I'm super happy about that. Though... I don't really get why.
Meguru: It all seems so unreal... I can't believe my classmates are so happy for me.
*So that's why she suddenly ran over to me, huh?*
*She must not be used to this kind of praise. I can certainly understand that.*
Shuuji: That just goes to show how well you've blended into your class.
Meguru: Y-You think?
Shuuji: I do. They wouldn't celebrate it so much otherwise.
Shuuji: I mean, you were also really happy for our band performance, right?
Meguru: Oh, y-yeah. Definitely! Seeing people I hang out with all the time perform like that was crazy amazing, and... Ah!
Shuuji: Don't you think your classmates feel the same way?
Meguru: O-Oh, of course. I see... Ehehe... That's right. So that's how everyone thinks of me.
Meguru: Thank you, Senpai! I think I finally get it now.
Shuuji: ...Though, it's a bit funny seeing a girl who was all "I wanna be popular!" suddenly worry about this stuff.
Meguru: Ugh. Wh-What do you expect? Nothing like this has ever happened to me before!
Meguru: But you don't have to point that kinda stuff out! You can be such a―
Shuuji: No, for real. I'm really happy for you. I've been worrying about you, you know?
Meguru: ...Huh?
Shuuji: I was the one who helped you with your problem, so I was wondering about how things were going for you.
Meguru: You were... concerned about me?
Shuuji: Well, yeah. You seemed happy, so I figured things were going well...
Shuuji: But now I can rest easy having seen the results for myself.
Meguru: ......
Meguru: So then... it was you who was concerned about me the whole time.
Meguru: Earlier you said I was showing concern for you, but it was actually the other way around...
Shuuji: Let me say it again. I'm really happy to see you making such good friends.
Meguru: Th-Thanks!
Meguru: Umm, it's all thanks to you...
Shuuji: Yeah. It was definitely worth voting for you.
Meguru: ...What?
*I mean, it was just one vote, but she still ended up in eighth place and got congratulated by everyone.*
*I feel like I meaningfully contributed to her success.*
*It almost feels like my success as well. Her classmates probably feel the same way.*
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: What's wrong?
Meguru: A-Aaaah! Wh-Why did you vote for me?!
Shuuji: Why? Well... Because I thought your costume suited you better than anyone else's.
Meguru: Oh, I know! You were just concerned about me. You must've voted for me out of pity or something.
Shuuji: Nope. You're just really cute.
Meguru: How can you just go and say that?!
Shuuji: Why are you so surprised?
Meguru: W-Well, because! You said I'm c-c-c-cu...
Shuuji: Obviously, it would take more than your classmates to get you into eighth place.
Shuuji: There's gotta be a ton of other people who voted for you. That just proves how cute you are in that costume, if you ask me.
Meguru: A-And you think so too?!
Shuuji: Yeah, of course.
Meguru: ―――
*Blushing fiercely, Inaba-san is rendered speechless.*
*Yeah, this is the reaction I was hoping for when I voted for her.*
*Now I'm getting the urge to tease her even more.*
Shuuji: Yeah... Now that I'm getting another good look at you, you really are super cute.
Meguru: Wha?! F-For real?!
Shuuji: Yeah. I think your wolfgirl costume is a perfect match for your cheerful and slightly mischievous personality.
Shuuji: You weren't able to win against Ayachi-san and Togakushi-senpai, but I would say that's simply because they're more popular. You're definitely on par with them, though.
Meguru: Ah, aah, aaaa!
Shuuji: You're also really cute when you're flapping your mouth like that.
Meguru: Whaaat?! You're saying all of this stuff on purpose, aren't you?!
Shuuji: Hahaha. You noticed?
Meguru: You're the worst! How could you?! You don't actually think that I'm cute, do you?!
Shuuji: No, I do. I wasn't lying.
Meguru: ~~~?!
*Man, she really does have some great reactions.*
*I might have gone a little too far with the teasing, but we're at a party. What's the harm in having a little fun?*
Meguru: Ugh, aaaah...
*Inaba-san doesn't actually seem mad, just at a complete loss for words.*
*Maybe she could use this as a chance to learn how to handle these situations better. Though, I admit that's sort of a dickish justification.*
Tsumugi: Oh, there you are. Hey, Hoshina-kun, Meguru-chan!
Shuuji: Oh. Hey, Shiiba-san.
Tsumugi: Huh? What's wrong? Your face is really red, Meguru-chan.
Meguru: It's nothing... Don't worry about it... Ugh.
Tsumugi: O-Okay...?
Shuuji: You were looking for us?
Tsumugi: Oh, yeah. I got something here from Togakushi-senpai.
Shuuji: A camera...?
Tsumugi: She said that since you'll only wear these costumes for today, she wanted to take some pictures to commemorate the event.
Shuuji: Oh, yeah. That's a good idea.
*This kind of attentiveness really drives home how she was the Student Council president.*
Tsumugi: So anyway, I'm gonna take some pics. Who should I do first?
Shuuji: You're taking a picture of me too?
Tsumugi: Of course~ You're wearing a costume too, silly.
Shuuji: Well, I guess... But would she really want a pic of me?
Tsumugi: Huh? Why wouldn't she?
Shuuji: I'm not nearly as photogenic as Inaba-san. Besides, this is kinda embarrassing...
*I've never taken commemorative photos before aside from group photos with my class.*
*And while I am wearing a costume, it's just my uniform with a cloak...*
Meguru: ......
Meguru: In that case, Senpai!
Shuuji: Hm?
Meguru: Let's take the pic together!
*Inaba-san is incredibly enthusiastic for some reason.*
Meguru: I'll take this commemorative pic together with you!
Meguru: There's no problem with both of us being in the same photo, is there?
Tsumugi: No, that's fine. Actually, maybe that's even better.
Meguru: Alright, let's do this! Come on, Senpai!
Shuuji: O-Ouch! Don't slap me on my back!
*She's just a girl, so her slap didn't actually hurt all that much.*
*For some reason, though, my whole body tingles a little.*
Meguru: I'm just trying to loosen you up a little! You're alright with taking a photo together with me, aren't you?
*...Oh, is this tingling I'm feeling actually Inaba-san's embarrassment?*
Shuuji: ...Taking a commemorative photo together with Miss Eighth Place would be an honor beyond words, but now I'm getting shy for a different reason.
Meguru: Oh, geez, there you go again! You're doing this on purpose, aren't you?! I can't believe you!
Meguru: Now I won't be happy until we take this photo together! Okay, Tsumugi-senpai. Go ahead and do it!
Tsumugi: Ahaha. Alright!
*I see. So she was just trying to hide her embarrassment just like I was?*
*Now that I've realized that, I'm feeling a lot more comfortable. My prior reservations are long gone.*
*Together with Inaba-san, I position myself in front of the camera Shiiba-san is holding.*
Meguru: You've finally given up, huh?
Shuuji: Yeah, because of you. Since you apparently won't be happy until we do this.
Meguru: ......
Tsumugi: Okay, I'm taking it now.
Shuuji: Gotcha!
Meguru: ...Wouldn't it be boring if all we do is stand next to each other? We don't take a pic like this every day.
Shuuji: Huh?
Meguru: So...
Meguru: There!
Shuuji: ?!
*Wh-Why is she suddenly latching onto me?!*
Shuuji: H-Hey, Inaba-san?
Meguru: It's to commemorate the party! We need to look like we're having a good time!
Shuuji: S-Sure, but...
Shuuji: Wait a minute! Didn't you say a while ago that clinging onto a guy is obscene?! 
Meguru: You're bringing that up now?! That's the only thing that's sexual harassment here! This doesn't count!
Meguru: Besides, I'm not clinging to you! I just got a little excited and am sticking a little close to you. That's all!
Shuuji: What kind of excuse is that?!
*She's completely latched herself onto me. Is she really alright with that?*
*Inaba-san is on the slender side, but she's a girl, alright. She's so soft and squishy...*
*Oh man. Now this is getting awkward in an entirely new way!*
Meguru: ......Huh?
Shuuji: Wh-What is it?
Meguru: Senpai, are you actually embarrassed?
Shuuji: ?! N-Not at all!
Meguru: Reeeally? Your face is totally red!
Meguru: And all I did was get a little close to you. Nihihi... I made your heart skip a beat, huh?
Shuuji: Don't act so triumphant! You just took me by surprise!
Meguru: Ahahaha! So you admit it now?
Meguru: I see, I see. You're always so depressed, but you can actually be pretty cute too♪
Shuuji: Gah...
*Damn her. She's speaking nothing but the truth. I can't say anything in return!*
*But how else was I meant to react?! Of course that'll happen if she latches onto me like this!*
Tsumugi: Umm... C-Can I take the photo now?
Meguru: Oh, wait a second. I want to make the best of this and get even closer. There♪
Shuuji: Wha?!
Tsumugi: Whoa... Y-You're so bold, Meguru-chan. You've practically glued yourself to him.
Meguru: Well, just look at him! Hoshina-senpai is blushing so much!
Shuuji: You were so embarrassed just a few minutes ago...
Meguru: Feel free to hug me back. That is, if you have the balls to. Ahaha!
*This girl is getting way too carried away!*
Meguru: Okay, Tsumugi-senpai. You can take the pic now.
Tsumugi: A-Are you ready too, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: No wait... Since she said I could...
Shuuji: Take this! 
Meguru: Hyaahn?!
Shuuji: Huh?
*Inaba-san jerks up with a start. All I did was put my hand around her waist!*
Meguru: Wh-What do you think you're doing, super-perv Senpai?!
Shuuji: E-Err, I just pulled you a little closer to me... Look.
Meguru: Ahh! Waahhh?! B-But you're touching my waist... Yaahn!
*Is her waist ticklish or something?*
*She's wriggling around like she's trying to escape. You know, her doing this up against me kinda feels good...*
*I really don't want to let her go, but I guess I have to.*
Shuuji: S-Sorry. I'll let you go now.
Meguru: W-Well, it's okay to stay like this. As long as you lighten your grip a little.
Shuuji: ...What?
Meguru: I'm the one who said you could hug me back.
Meguru: Besides, I already knew that you're a super perv... when I clung to you like this...
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: Ahh, geez! Just hurry and take the pic, Tsumugi-senpai!
Tsumugi: O-Okay!
Meguru: Hey, Senpai, look into the camera!
Shuuji: O-Oh, yeah!
Tsumugi: Okay then... Say cheese!
Meguru, Shuuji: Cheese!
*...This is so awkward.*
*Shiiba-san took the photo with us awkwardly glued together like that.*
*And not long after that...*
Meguru: Ah, Nene-senpai! I wanna take photo with you while we're still in our costumes! Hugs♪
Nene: Nnmmph! You mean while you're hugging me like this? It would defeat the point if you can't see my costume well, though...
Meguru: Maybe, but I can't help it. You're so cute, and I love you so much!
Meguru: Nene-senpai, hug me back. Come on!
*Having spotted Ayachi-san, Inaba-san starts playing around with her instead, almost as if she's forgotten all about me.*
Shuuji: Good lord...
Touko: Hehehe... Inaba-san's been taken from you, huh?
Shuuji: You saw us together?
Touko: Of course. I wanted to make sure Shiiba-san was taking photos of everyone like I asked.
Touko: Which was when I found you taking advantage of the party to get all touchy-feely with Inaba-san.
Shuuji: D-Don't go making crap up like that. You say it like I was making a move on her.
Touko: But you had your hand around her waist and were holding her tight, weren't you?
Touko: You looked like you were claiming her as yours. Mufufu...
Shuuji: Stop embellishing the facts!
Shuuji: She hugged me and told me to do the same. So I just obliged. That's all...
Touko: Oh? Like she's hugging Ayachi-san right now?
Shuuji: Yeah... That's right...?
*...Hm? Hold on a second. Now that she mentions it...*
*Didn't Inaba-san say "I only hug people I really like" before?*
*That's why she's always hugging Ayachi-san. But today, she hugged me too...*
*Which means...*
Shuuji: ......
*Wait a minute. I'm just seeing what I want to. I need to calm down.*
*I can't forget about the situation that led to that. She was just paying me back for teasing her.*
*She does tend to get carried away once she gets an idea...*
Nene: L-Like this, Inaba-san?
Meguru: Perfect! You can take the pic now, Tsumugi-senpai!
Tsumugi: 'Kay~
*...And ultimately, the excitement of the party is what made her do that.*
*I'm sure this was a one-time thing. I was just getting the wrong idea. Yeah...*
================================================================================
*The next morning, the OC and the Student Council cleaned up the gym together.*
*It was a bit sad taking down the decorations after spending so much time putting them up, but that's just how these things go.*
*Come Monday, our lives will go back to normal. But our role as the party's organizers isn't over until we tidy up all the loose ends.*
*And on a personal level, the same goes for me.*
*Which is why, later that afternoon...*
Kaidou's Friend: Hey, I got Kaidou's text. Everything went well, huh?
Shuuji: Yeah, it turned out okay in the end. I sorta held everyone back, but I figured I would.
Kaidou's Friend: You only practiced for a week or so. Be proud that you were able to get up on stage and play a song.
Kaidou's Friend: But are you sure, man? I say you should keep playing. Don't waste all that practice.
Shuuji: Well, I'm busy with a lot of other stuff. Anyway, thanks for everything. You were a huge help.
Kaidou's Friend: It was nothing. Give me a call if you ever wanna play again.
Shuuji: Okay, will do.
Shuuji: ...Phew.
*I managed to get in touch with him right away, so I gave him his guitar back ASAP.*
*I didn't really have to act that quickly, but I didn't want to keep it around any longer.*
*I kept it in my room, so I was afraid I would've started playing it again out of habit.*
Shuuji: With that, the party is truly over.
*That's a whole chapter of my life now closed. Starting tomorrow, things will finally go back to normal.*
*And to get ready for that, let's hurry back home and spend the rest of the day sitting on my ass.*
Shuuji: What should I do for dinner? Dad is working today... Should I bother picking up groceries at the station?
Shuuji: Nah... I already decided to be lazy today. I'll just make do with whatever we have.
Meguru: Huh?
Meguru: Oh, Senpai! Helloha!
*Out of nowhere, I run into Inaba-san close to my place.*
Meguru: Are you on your way back from somewhere? Didn't you say you were relaxing for the rest of the day? 
Shuuji: Yeah, but I wanted to return the bass guitar first.
Meguru: Huh... So you're just giving up on it?
Meguru: That's too bad. You looked really cool when you were playing.
Shuuji: ...Really?
Meguru: Ahaha, nope. Had you going, huh?
Shuuji: You were just teasing me?! How dare you toy with the heart of an innocent young man?!
Meguru: Anyway, I take it you're planning on just chilling for the rest of the day?
Shuuji: Huh? Yeah, I am.
Meguru: Hmm...
Shuuji: What are you are you up to?
Meguru: Me?
Shuuji: Yeah, you. I figured you'd be exhausted too. I expected you to be relaxing at home instead of out wandering the streets.
Meguru: Yeah, true, but I was feeling kinda restless.
Meguru: Working together with everyone to accomplish a common goal... That's not something I've ever experienced before, you know?
Shuuji: The same goes for me.
Meguru: I'm still kinda riding that adrenaline high.
Shuuji: I feel you... But you ought to put that behind you and focus on the things ahead instead.
Meguru: Exactly! And so...
Meguru: Senpai, wanna play some MonHun together?
Shuuji: Huh...? Right now?
Meguru: We happened to run into each other, so let's not waste this chance.
Meguru: We should run some quests together and get back your feel for the game.
Shuuji: Oh, yeah. I guess I'll be playing it again starting tomorrow.
*Besides, it's not like I was planning on doing anything at home.*
*Getting some gaming in could make for a nice change of pace.*
Meguru: Alright, let's do it! Let's find a nearby cafe or something.
Shuuji: Ohh... I need to go home and get my 3DW first. I don't have it with me.
Meguru: WHAT?! You aren't carrying it around with you?! That's like an ironclad rule!
Shuuji: I haven't had the time to play lately, so I've been leaving it plugged in charging.
Meguru: Ugh, great, now I have to wait. You better make this quick.
Shuuji: Okay, okay. Just give me a few minutes. My place is right around the corner.
*Just as I'm about to dash off...*
Meguru: Oh! Then why don't we just play in your room?
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Meguru: Your place is close by, yeah? Then it'd be faster to play in your room.
Meguru: I've never been to your place before. I wanna see what it's like!
Meguru: ...Are you against it?
Shuuji: Oh, uh, no. I don't mind...
*I-Is she really okay with that? Like, coming over to my room?*
Meguru: Alright, let's do it! Time's a-wastin'. Let's go~
Shuuji: O-Okay...
Meguru: Coming in...
Shuuji: ......
*Huh... She really just tagged along with me like it's nothing.*
*I know we're clubmates, but you'd think she'd be a little more wary of going to a guy's room alone.*
*And to think it was her who even brought it up.*
Meguru: Ohh. So this is your room... It's surprisingly tidy.
Shuuji: D-Don't look around too much. It's kinda embarrassing.
Meguru: Oh! Of course. Sorry!
*...Am I just overthinking things?*
*I must be. I mean, this doesn't seem to be a big deal for Inaba-san.*
*I should just try to act normal... I'm supposed to be the older one here, after all.*
Shuuji: Have a seat wherever. I'll go get us something to drink.
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: Um... Inaba-san?
Meguru: Oh, er... I'm sorry! I just got kinda embarrassed about coming over to your room, all of a sudden.
Shuuji: What?!
*It's a bit late for that! I just talked myself into acting normally, and now you give me this?!*
Meguru: I just kinda asked on the spur of the moment, but it should be fine. He seemed chill about me coming over.
Meguru: We're friends, so visiting each other's homes is perfectly normal! 
Shuuji: ......
*Man, she's as capricious as ever.*
*And we're "friends," she says...*
Meguru: I'll sit down here.
Shuuji: Y-Yeah, you do that. Are you fine with a bottle of tea?
Meguru: Yep! Thanks.
*This means she's opened up to me more than she would with a simple clubmate, right?*
*Yeah, for sure. She wouldn't have hugged me yesterday otherwise...*
Shuuji: (Wait, Shuuji, do NOT get the wrong idea here! Maybe she's opened up to me a little, but that's just as friends!)
*My inexperience here is making this way more awkward than it has to be...*
*Hopefully the atmosphere between us improves once we start playing.*
*Now that drinks are served, we both flip open our 3DWs and begin playing some MonHun.*
Meguru: Heheh. I knew it. You're totally out of practice after taking that break.
Shuuji: Th-This is just because my left hand still hurts from all the bass practice. Ugh, who could've seen this coming?
Meguru: It's a good thing I offered to help you.
Shuuji: Yeah, I'm grateful... I should be able to make some sweet armor using the materials from this―Whoa!
Meguru: Ah, figures you couldn't dodge that. But don't worry! I got a healing bullet with your name on it. Here!
Shuuji: Ohh, just in time! Thanks!
Meguru: You can count on me! I've got your movement patterns down pat at this point.
Shuuji: It's kinda sad that you can know when I'm about to die before even I do...
Meguru: Hey, stop chatting and attack! Go, go! I'm keeping it in check with my rapid-fire attack. Use this chance to go in hard with your lance!
Shuuji: Oh, gotcha! Okay, it's almost down!
Meguru: Right there! One more hit! Almost...! Ah!
Shuuji: Hooray!!
Meguru: We did it! Quest compleeete!
*Inaba-san falls backwards, mimicking the dying dragon in the game. *
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: Hehe, nice work! This time I made sure to leave the finishing blow to you~♪
Meguru: Hey, Senpai, what's wrong? Shouldn't you carve the monster and get your materials?
Shuuji: Oh, uh, I got distracted. I was worried you were gonna expose your panties with you kicking your legs out like that...
Meguru: Ugh, of course you'd be paying attention to that. You're the worst.
Shuuji: What do you want out of me?! You're acting without a care in the world, so of course I'd be cautious!
Meguru: It's okay though. I'm wearing culottes, not a skirt.
Shuuji: Huh? Oh, you're right...
Meguru: That doesn't mean you can stare! Seriously, you're such a pervert!
Shuuji: You're the one who mentioned the culottes! Of course I'd take a look after that!
Shuuji: I'm still a little anxious about you being in my room. I don't need you adding to the worries...
Meguru: Oh yeah? Is that your excuse for getting hit so many times? How lame.
Shuuji: Leave me alone! Anyway, sit down properly and carve the monster too.
Meguru: Hey! You looked at my legs again! I can't believe you. You miss every other attack in the game, but you don't miss anything out of it.
Shuuji: I didn't look! My eyes just moved in your direction a little! Now you're acting too wary!
*With us bickering back and forth like that, we successfully complete the quest and obtain our hard-earned rewards.*
Shuuji: Phew. Man... Anyway, I think I almost have the materials for my new armor now.
Shuuji: Do you mind helping me farm the rest of the materials for it? Hopefully I won't be as much of a burden once I get that armor.
Meguru: Oh, yeah. I don't mind.
Shuuji: Thanks. Then let's get right into it.
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: Hm? Inaba-san?
Meguru: ...I'm not bothering you, am I?
*Inaba-san asks that with a concerned look on her face.*
Shuuji: Wh-Why do you ask?
Meguru: Well, this get-together was really sudden, so I was wondering if I'm annoying you or something.
Meguru: I wasn't totally oblivious. I was worried that a younger girl from your school suddenly coming to your room would make things awkward.
Shuuji: Did I really look that way...?
Meguru: So...?
Shuuji: ...No, this hasn't been a bother at all.
Meguru: Ahaha. That's a relief.
Shuuji: Though, I do wonder why you would ask to come over if you actually understood the implications.
*Why would she bring this up now instead of when she entered my room?*
*And this implies that she felt the same way that I did but managed to hide that while playing MonHun.*
Meguru: Well... It was on impulse.
Shuuji: Seriously?!
Meguru: W-Well, the lure of MonHun was too strong! I couldn't miss that chance! I'll take any opportunity I can get to play!
Shuuji: Damn, you must really love this game...
Meguru: Wh-What's the problem with that? At least I was able to help you this way!
Meguru: Besides... I just kinda felt like playing with you today.
Shuuji: ......
*I look up at Inaba-san.*
*She's glancing over at me with a bashful smile on her face.*
Shuuji: B-Because we're friends?
*That's what she said after entering my room.*
Meguru: Ahaha, sorry if saying that was presumptuous of me...
Shuuji: N-No, not at all! I feel honored!
Meguru: ...Oh, good.
Meguru: I knew you'd say that, though.
Shuuji: Hey! How much do you intend on playing with my heart?!
Meguru: I-I didn't mean to! I just can't express myself very well when it comes to these things!
Shuuji: Then what did you mean by that?!
Meguru: Well... I guess I see us as something like kindred spirits.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Meguru: You know. Both of us kinda suck at socializing, right?
Shuuji: W-Well, yeah... We do...
Meguru: So I feel a certain kinship with you.
*Inaba-san excitedly puts down her 3DW and seats herself opposite of me.*
*...She may have been waiting for the right time to talk about this.*
*Meanwhile, I'm still thinking about the photo we took together yesterday.*
*There's now an air of bashfulness and awkwardness that wasn't here a minute ago... But that's all accompanied by a feeling of affection.*
Meguru: I've become close enough with my classmates to go and eat cake together and stuff, but...
Meguru: They never invite me over to their homes, and I can't find the courage to invite them over either. Ahaha.
Shuuji: But in my case...?
Meguru: I'm here in your room with you now.
Shuuji: R-Right.
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: This is why your performance had me so pumped!
*She leans forward with her hands at her chest, earnestly expressing her excitement.*
Meguru: Part of it was because of the music itself, but more than anything, I was super excited to see someone so similar to me playing in front of everyone!
Shuuji: That's how you felt?
Meguru: Yeah! It was like I was there on stage myself! It was so exciting. My heart wouldn't stop pounding...
Meguru: Your performance made me not want to lose to you. Like I needed to work at something just as hard as you.
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: I really thought so.
Shuuji: I-I see...
*I look away and rub my cheek.*
*Really, though... That's how she thinks about me, huh?*
*I guess this explains today, too.*
*...What is this feeling? I feel incredibly restless in a different way than earlier.*
Meguru: So because of all that, I felt that we're kinda, you know, kindred spirits or something.
Meguru: I'm sure you'd feel the same way if our roles were reversed...
Shuuji: Yeah, I'm sure I would.
Meguru: I knew it!
Shuuji: But... I DO have friends, okay? Just a few, though...
*I couldn't keep myself from adding that.*
Meguru: Hey, don't make it sound like I don't have any friends!
Shuuji: Do you?
Meguru: ...Not really, no. Like I just said, I haven't even been able to invite my classmates over to my house!
Meguru: Aw man!
*Thump! Inaba-san falls over onto her back with outstretched arms.*
*I hope I didn't go too far with that remark. Thankfully, it doesn't seem like she took it seriously.*
Meguru: When I'm with you, I don't have to worry about how I look when I flop onto the floor...
*She pushes her lips out and pouts.*
Meguru: I don't have to worry about you thinking I'm some kinda weirdo when I do this.
Shuuji: ...My heart did skip a beat, though.
Meguru: Super-perv Senpai is back at it again? Seriously, you're just hopeless...
Shuuji: You have no right saying that when you're always the one doing this to me.
Meguru: That just means I can be frank around you.
Shuuji: Phrase it however you want, but it is what it is...
Meguru: I can't talk like this with my classmates yet.
Shuuji: I have to say, you have a really odd way of classifying your relationships with people.
Meguru: Yeah, no kidding. Really, I just want my friendships to be more meaningful.
Meguru: Like, I'd rather be super close with just one person than be casual acquaintances with a lot of people.
Shuuji: Yeah, I know exactly how you feel.
*It sounds bad when I put it this way, but I get the impression that she's the clingy type.*
*The way she acts around Ayachi-san, for instance, is proof of that. Inaba-san hugs her all the time.*
*Lately, she's even been acting like that around Shiiba-san. *
*...And now me too yesterday. I'm not wrong, am I?*
Meguru: But this depends on the other person. I can't be friends with someone who doesn't accept the way I am.
Meguru: And I know how few people there are like me when it comes to friendship, socializing and all that...
Shuuji: Yeah, that's true... Huh. This explains a lot.
Shuuji: You usually come off as cheery and forward, but in reality you're pretty reserved.
Meguru: Wow. It's like you saw right through me...
Shuuji: Oh... Sorry if I said too much.
Meguru: No, it's okay. You're not wrong.
Meguru: It's true. I'm a big scaredy cat. I'm constantly afraid that everyone thinks I'm annoying or secretly hates me.
Shuuji: Yeah, I know how you feel. As much as you try to act normal, you sometimes worry that everyone just finds you annoying.
Meguru: Exactly! Suddenly you just get scared!
Meguru: Thanks to you all, I don't get like this much around the OC's members anymore... But this is still a problem I need to address. By myself.
Shuuji: You're worried that if you don't get better at socializing, you'll run into a lot of problems later in life?
Meguru: ...Yeah, exactly! I knew you'd understand me!
*I do. I really do.*
*...Maybe we really are "kindred spirits," as she put it.*
Meguru: This is why I committed to changing my image when I entered Himematsu.
Shuuji: Oh yeah. I remember you mentioning that.
*When she first told us about that, I thought she was just talking about a simple makeover... Huh. So that's her reason?*
Shuuji: So, since you can't judge the proper distance to keep people at, you decided to let everyone else approach you instead?
Meguru: Yeah, pretty much.
Meguru: Though, you know how poorly that went...
Shuuji: H-Hey, that's not your fault! I mean, you missed a lot of school because of your sudden cold!
Meguru: Thank you. But even if I hadn't caught a cold, that wouldn't have changed who I am.
Meguru: I doubt things would've went well even without the cold. Ahaha...
Shuuji: B-But your relationships with your classmates have improved, right?
Meguru: ...Yeah, they are. And I think that we're still getting closer, even if it's just little by little.
Meguru: I need to keep up with you, after all. Ehehe...
*...Hm?*
Meguru: Huh? Is something the matter?
Shuuji: Er, no...
*That wasn't just my imagination, was it?*
*I could perceive a stinging pain... but there was also hint of bittersweetness near the end.*
Shuuji: (The pain is easily explained. She's afraid of socializing with other people and she doesn't quite know how to feel about herself...)
*But what kind of emotion accompanied a bittersweet taste again?*
*I can't remember...*
Meguru: Uh, Earth to Senpai.
Shuuji: O-Oh, yeah, sorry. I was lost in thought for a moment.
Shuuji: We forgot all about MonHun. Can you help me with one more quest?
Meguru: Oh, yeah! Of course!
Meguru: Alright, let's try to get those materials you need for your new armor.
Shuuji: Yeah, thanks.
Meguru: I got your back whenever it comes to games.
*...There it is again. That slight bittersweet taste.*
*I don't know what emotion is behind it, but whatever it is, it's not unpleasant in the slightest.*
================================================================================
Wakana: Oh, morning, Hoshina.
Hideaki: Yo.
Shuuji: Morning, guys.
*It's Monday morning. I go through the standard routine upon entering my classroom, greeting Kariya and Kaidou.*
Shuuji: Looks like you've recovered from your cold, huh?
Wakana: Yeah, I have... Sorry again for the headaches I caused on Saturday.
Shuuji: I'm sorry too. I really screwed up a lot during our act.
Wakana, Hideaki: Yeah, you sure did.
Shuuji: ...Isn't this the part where you all go, "Hey, don't worry about it. We weren't much better"?
Wakana: Really, I think we should all be thanking Ayachi-san.
Hideaki: Yeah. She really saved our asses. She got the crowd hyped enough to ignore all our screwups.
*He's certainly not wrong. Thinking back on it, Ayachi-san's singing really was phenomenal.*
*If it wasn't for her, everyone would have seen plain as day how crap our performance was―especially mine. We wouldn't have received that much applause, that's for sure.*
Wakana: Who knows what would have happened if I had sung like we planned...
Shuuji: Personally, I would have loved to hear you sing on stage.
Wakana: I'll go back to practicing by myself for a while. I learned through this that I still have a long way to go.
Hideaki: Well, call me if you ever do plan on playing or singing anywhere. I'll come and listen.
Shuuji: Huh? Like, I'm obviously not gonna play again, but can't you join her as a drummer?
Hideaki: Look... I've been reminded of a harsh lesson through this... Nobody cares about the drummer!
Shuuji: Ah...
*We collectively look over to a certain someone on the other side of the classroom.*
Schoolgirl A: Ayachi-san, you're not only pretty, but you're good at singing too? That's just unfair!
Nene: O-Oh no, I'm really not that good... I was only able to sing well thanks to the rest of the band.
*Our classmates have all swarmed around Ayachi-san.*
*It's been like that ever since she arrived. They're all hurling a never-ending barrage of compliments at her. She herself doesn't seem to be taking it too well, though.*
Shuuji: ...Nobody's more popular than the vocalist, huh?
Hideaki: Yeah... But it's way too late for me to switch tracks now.
Wakana: There's no way girls would swarm you like that either way. The vocalist should have some class.
Hideaki: Especially not if I'm trying to sing while drumming. So yeah, I've officially given up on music for the second time on Saturday.
Shuuji: That's kind of a waste, but I guess I have no room to talk since I'm quitting too.
Wakana: Exactly.
*I guess our performance will be nothing more than a fond memory for us to look back on.*
*I doubt Ayachi-san is going to keep singing, either.*
Nene: Ah...
Shuuji: Hm?
Nene: E-Excuse me for a moment. I need to talk to Hoshina-kun.
*Our eyes meet. Ayachi-san excuses herself and then comes over to me.*
*Something like this happened on Saturday too, with Inaba-san...*
Nene: Hoshina-kun, umm... do you have a moment?
Nene: So, it would appear that some of my fragments have returned again.
Shuuji: Huh? You mean the fragments I absorbed?
Nene: Yes. I haven't received fragments from anywhere else lately.
*She glances around the hallway to make sure no one is watching then pulls out the glass bottle of fragments.*
Shuuji: Yeah, looks like there's a little more since the last time I saw it...
Nene: Absolutely. I only noticed it last night, but...
Nene: It must have been the Halloween party when it happened. 
Shuuji: ...Now that you mention it, I think I felt a strange sensation around when the party was ending.
Nene: Which means the successful party and performance has filled up your heart somewhat again.
Shuuji: It's true that I felt a sense of fulfillment and accomplishment. Hmm...
Shuuji: Judging by the amount in the bottle, I suppose not all fragments have returned yet, huh?
Nene: Yes, unfortunately not.
Shuuji: You're not about to tell me to keep playing in the band, are you? I doubt throwing another party would do anything for me.
Nene: ...Could you keep going?
Shuuji: No. No way. That may have been a fulfilling experience but to continue would be a whole nother story.
Shuuji: Like, you wouldn't want me to ask you to keep singing, would you? 
Nene: No, I wouldn't. You don't have to worry. I won't make any such requests of you.
Shuuji: ...Sorry. I wish I could just give you back these fragments right now.
Nene: It's okay. Even if it's little by little, I'm just happy they're coming back.
Shuuji: Yeah, but the longer it takes to return your fragments, the longer you'll, umm... keep getting those fits of arousal.
Nene: ―――
Shuuji: Okay, don't say it! I already know I went too far!
Nene: Exactly. My pain would be over if you returned them to me right now... And yet, and yet... Could it be you actually enjoy making me m-m-masturbate?
Shuuji: NO! Absolutely not! I'm trying to return them to you as soon as humanly possible!
Nene: That look on your face... You don't really want to return them, do you? I see how it is. That must be why you're quitting the band...
Shuuji: Now, hold on! You're way off the mark! Please bring back the calm and understanding Ayachi-san!
Kanae: Hey, you two. What are you doing outside the classroom? Get your heads out of the party mentality and start focusing on school now.
Shuuji: Oh, sorry! Come on, Ayachi-san!
Nene: Phew... I'm sorry for acting out this morning.
Shuuji: No, it was my fault for bringing it up...
*It's now lunch break. we decided to move to the clubroom to finish our discussion.*
*Here, we can talk all we want about fragments and stuff without anyone overhearing.*
Nene: What else was there to discuss? I don't believe there's anything else to add about the fragments you still possess in you.
Shuuji: Yeah, you're right. So in return... Wait, actually, that's not the right phrasing.
Shuuji: Anyway, I've recalled something else.
Nene: Okay...?
Shuuji: You haven't retrieved fragments from Inaba-san yet, right?
Nene: Oh, right. You're correct. I haven't yet.
Shuuji: It wasn't possible before, but I wondered about whether it'd be now.
Shuuji: It seems like she's getting along better with her classmates lately.
Nene: ...Is that so?
Shuuji: Yeah. A lot of them voted for her during the party.
Shuuji: She finished in eighth place thanks to them. They all surrounded her and complimented her, kinda like what our classmates did with you this morning. Seeing that reminded me about this.
Nene: Oh... I didn't know that.
Nene: But now that you mention it, she did say that they were going out to eat cake together.
Shuuji: Yeah, that is why I wondered if she had any fragments to collect.
Nene: ...Yeah, it sounds like retrieval should be possible.
Nene: Thank you for the suggestion; it was very helpful. I hadn't thought of that myself.
Shuuji: Oh, you're welcome.
Shuuji: If it means proving that I'm not stalling just so I can keep you horny, then...
Nene: ―――
Shuuji: Crap, I said something I shouldn't have again, didn't I?!
Nene: I don't care anymore... I'm a filthy m-masturbater. That's just who I am... You don't need to sugarcoat it.
Shuuji: Snap out of it! Please! Think about the fragments you may be able to retrieve!
*Anyway... After calming Ayachi-san down, our discussion comes to an end and we leave the clubroom together.*
Nene: I will have to consult with Shiiba-san on how to go about retrieval this time...
Nene: And also, I will look for a good opportunity after school to check whether retrieval is possible.
Shuuji: Roger that.
Nene: ......
Shuuji: Hm? What is it?
Nene: Oh, nothing. I just thought you answered like Inaba-san.
Shuuji: ...Oh yeah. I did, huh? That just kinda happened automatically.
Nene: ......
Meguru: Hey! Wait for me!
Nene: Huh? Inaba-san?
*Inaba-san comes running over from the other end of the hallway with her arms waving around.*
*...I've been randomly running into her a lot lately.*
Meguru: Helloha, Nene-senpai and Hoshina-senpai! Good thing I didn't miss you.
Meguru: What have you two been talking about? Let me join the fun!
Nene: Nngh. W-Well...
*Inaba-san latches onto Ayachi-san, who throws me a knowing look.*
*...Right, right.*
Shuuji: I was just thanking her for filling in as our vocalist.
Meguru: You went to the clubroom just for that? I didn't know you were such a courteous guy. So you really do care about manners, huh, Senpai?
Shuuji: Hey, what's that supposed to mean?
Meguru: Actually, why'd you have to be alone for that? This is kinda fishy...
Shuuji: Moving on! What brings you to the clubroom?
Meguru: Oh, right. I went over to your class to chat with you, but you weren't there. Then Tsumugi-senpai told me you went to the clubroom.
Meguru: I thought you might be bragging to everyone about your shiny new armor, so I wanted to set the record straight and let them know I did all the work.
Shuuji: What kinda reason is that? Though, I can't deny that it was all thanks to you...
*Now that Ayachi-san has been let go, I flash her an eye signal.*
*Ayachi-san nods and discretely takes out the glass bottle.*
Meguru: Hehehe, thank me more. I don't mind helping you out again today if you want.
Shuuji: Hmm, let's see... I honestly feel bad about being the only one getting help.
Shuuji: Like, what about... Ayachi-san?
Nene: ...Yeah.
Meguru: Oh, right. Don't worry. I'll help you too, of course!
Nene: Actually... I've already got it taken care of.
Nene: Anyway, Hoshina-kun, we should head back to class now. See you after school, Inaba-san.
Meguru: Oh, okay... Roger...
Meguru: Hmm...
Shuuji: Well? How's it look?
Nene: Unfortunately the bottle didn't react. It seems she hasn't yet reached the state where retrieval is possible.
Shuuji: Oh, I see...
*I guess Inaba-san's heart isn't fully satisfied yet.*
*That's unfortunate... We'll just have to keep waiting, I suppose.*
Shuuji: Do you have any idea when you might be able to get some fragments from her?
Nene: Like I said before, I can only really guess, but...
Nene: Probably once she has found someone she can fully open up to and trust, and vice versa.
Shuuji: And she doesn't have anyone like that yet...
*Normally, I would expect that to happen naturally as she becomes better friends with her classmates, except...*
*I recall the conversation we had in my room yesterday.*
Meguru: "But this depends on the other person. I can't be friends with someone who doesn't accept the way I am."
Meguru: "And I know how few people there are like me when it comes to friendship, socializing and all that..."
*She said that rather casually.*
*But I sensed something at the time...*
Shuuji: You know, when I talked with her about how she needs to become better friends with her classmates... I felt some pain.
Nene: Pain...? You mean that literally?
Shuuji: Yeah. I think the emotion behind that was probably something like fear or regret.
Shuuji: Also, I perceived a bittersweet taste. I don't really know what emotion was behind that, but...
Meguru: "I doubt things would've went well even without the cold. Ahaha..."
Shuuji: ...I felt like it was complicated and deep-rooted.
Nene: I would have to assume. She must have some deeper concerns if her getting along with her classmates isn't enough.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: ...I want to help her.
*These feelings have welled up within me before I knew it.*
Nene: Are you that concerned about gathering fragments?
Shuuji: Oh, yeah, that's certainly a factor, but I want to help her even putting the fragments aside.
Shuuji: We promised her that we would help her to do something about this.
Nene: ......
Nene: Okay, but I think it would be best if I left this to you.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Nene: I feel like that's the best approach. After all...
Nene: It seems like you're the one who's closest with her at the moment.
Shuuji: W-Wait, that's not...
Nene: Am I wrong?
Shuuji: W-Well, like, doesn't she always latch onto you the moment she sees you? She doesn't do that with me!
Shuuji: It's obvious that she really likes you. But me on the other hand...
*I'm just sort of sputtering out random excuses.*
*I must be blushing so much right now.*
*Deep down, I knew this to be the truth.*
*Ayachi-san must have realized this before even I did.*
Shuuji: (Inaba-san did say we were like kindred spirits... And also...)
*...She latched onto me as well.*
*She said she only does that with people she really likes.*
Shuuji: ......
Nene: ...So then, can I leave this to you?
Shuuji: R-Roger that.
*I give what feels like the only appropriate reply.*
Nene: See? You really are close!
Shuuji: E-Er, that was on purpose this time!
Nene: *stare*
*C-Could she NOT stare at me like that?!*
*I know full well how flimsy my excuse was and how much I'm blushing!*
*―After school.*
*Today was the first day of normal club activities after all the party prep, though things weren't quite as "normal" as we were hoping for.*
*Fascinated by Ayachi-san's amazing singing at the Halloween party, one student after another showed up to invite her to join their band.*
*Needless to say, Ayachi-san wasn't interested in joining a band and turned down every offer.*
Nene: *sigh* I know it's a little early, but maybe we should call it a day here.
Tsumugi: Right. You'll get exhausted at this rate.
Nene: I'm sorry... I hope this doesn't keep up for tomorrow...
Touko: I think it'll let up after a day. You were pretty blunt when turning them down, so I'm sure everyone will get the message.
Nene: I sure hope so...
Touko: Anyway, is it alright for me to continue coming?
Nene: Of course. I don't mind at all if you don't mind.
Touko: I definitely don't mind. I have more free time than I know what to do with now that I've retired from the Student Council.
Touko: Doing nothing but studying is so boring, so I'd love to keep coming if that's alright with you. Poor old me has nowhere else to call home anymore...
Tsumugi: You're already one of us to me. I'd really like it if you kept coming.
Touko: I'm so happy to hear that!
Nene: Okay, then. Let's go home for today.
Touko, Tsumugi: Okay.
*This is kind of a bummer, but oh well. It was pretty hard seeing Ayachi-san get worn down by request after request.*
*I guess the restart on our club activities will have to wait for tomorrow.*
Shuuji: We should wrap things up too.
Meguru: Ugh, I didn't get a single chance to play together with Nene-senpai today... It was just you all day long...
Shuuji: No use crying about that. Ayachi-san was busy all day dealing with everyone stopping by.
Meguru: Nene-senpai, do you think we could just get one quest in together?
Nene: I'm sorry, but I really don't feel like playing games after all that...
Nene: Besides...
*...Really? Just because she left Inaba-san to me doesn't mean she can't play video games with her every now and again.*
Meguru: Is it me, or have you two been making a whole lot of eye contact lately?
Nene: I-It's just you. Right, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Yeah, don't be silly. C'mon, you'll get left behind if you don't hurry up.
Meguru: ...Hey, don't just gloss over my question like that.
Shuuji: We're not glossing over anything. Anyway, where's my bag?
Meguru: ......
Meguru: (Is there something going on between them? This is kinda frustrating...)
Touko: Okay, I have plans to see a friend now. See you all tomorrow.
Tsumugi: Yeah, bye.
Tsumugi: How about we all go somewhere too? Or maybe it would be better to go straight home today, huh?
Nene: Yes... I would appreciate that.
Tsumugi: That's fine! Get plenty of rest.
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: Hm? Inaba-san, what's wrong? You don't wanna go home?
Meguru: ...Senpai.
Meguru: Come with me for a bit!
Shuuji: Wha?!
*Inaba-san grabs my hand and drags me away from the others.*
Meguru: Nene-senpai, Tsumugi-senpai! We'll be leaving now. Later!
Nene: Ah, okay...
*Inaba-san ends up dragging me to a deserted side street.*
Shuuji: ...Wh-What's going on?
Meguru: I need to talk to you!
Meguru: Oh, our hands...
Shuuji: You're just now realizing that?
Meguru: Y-Yeah. I just kinda grabbed your hand without thinking. Sorry!
Shuuji: It's not like I mind...
*It's actually kinda disappointing to let her hand go...*
*Why do girls have such soft hands?*
Meguru: ~~~!
Shuuji: Umm... So what do you want to talk about?
Meguru: Oh, r-right! About that, umm...
*Now that I think about it, this sort of situation is a first.*
*Up until now, we either all went home partway together or parted at the stairway.*
*But today, Inaba-san took me all the way to this isolated location, with just the two of us.*
*Oh crap, now I'm getting kinda nervous.*
Meguru: ...It's unfair.
Shuuji: What?
Meguru: I mean y-you're unfair!
Meguru: I wanna get along with Nene-senpai too!
Shuuji: ...What?
Meguru: It feels like you been talking to each other behind everyone's backs!
Meguru: You've been talking with THE Nene-senpai! She's cute, pretty, has a great figure, is classy but nice... but she still keeps everyone at a distance. Everyone but you, it seems!
Meguru: That's so not fair!
*So that's what this is about...*
*Not that I'm disappointed or anything. Nope. I can see why she'd feel this way, actually.*
*Inaba-san must have felt like a third wheel upon seeing me get along with Ayachi-san better than she can.*
Shuuji: ...So, want me to tell you what we were talking about?
Meguru: N-No, I wouldn't go that far. I'd feel bad asking about that...
*She dragged me all the way here, but it seems like she still doesn't have the courage to ask more personal questions...*
Meguru: But, umm... I just want to know something!
Shuuji: Yeah?
Meguru: Senpai, how have you gotten so close with Nene-senpai?
Shuuji: Right, umm...
*Let's see... I caught her getting freaky in the library, and then I accidentally stole all her magical energy.*
*...But it's not like I can actually say that.*
Meguru: I want to become closer with her too! So please tell me!
Shuuji: Hmm... If you wanna be better friends with her, shouldn't you have gone home with her instead of dragging me off somewhere?
Meguru: W-Well yeah, I guess, but...
Shuuji: Though, if it were that easy, we wouldn't be here right now.
Meguru: Y-Yeah! Right!
Shuuji: But you know, the way I see it is that you're the one who's closer to Ayachi-san.
*I told Ayachi-san the same thing during lunch break.*
Meguru: Huh? For real?
Shuuji: It's not like I can hug Ayachi-san like you do.
Meguru: Well, no duh! Guys can't just hug girls out of nowhere! That'd be so wrong!
*I guess... That was a bad comparison.*
Meguru: Do you really want to hug her or something?
Shuuji: Can't exactly say no to that. Ayachi-san is pretty hot...
Meguru: Ugh... You're such a creeper sometimes. Seriously, how can you say that?
Shuuji: You're the one who asked me that! Any guy would feel the same way. It's not like we act on every urge we get!
Meguru: Looking at it the other way around, all I can do is hug her and nothing else.
Shuuji: What do you mean by that?
Meguru: W-Well, you know... We never chat alone in the clubroom during lunch break, for example.
Shuuji: So that really has been weighing on your mind... We didn't talk about anything special there, okay?
Meguru: Th-That doesn't make it any less unfair. I'm still just as jealous knowing that!
Meguru: Remember what I said yesterday? I just want all of my friendships to be deep. That's why!
Shuuji: Hmm...
Meguru: But like I just mentioned, Nene-senpai always seems kinda distant, you know? So it's hard to just up and ask her.
Meguru: What if she went all, "You want me to eat lunch with you? Why would I do that?" I'd die from shock.
Shuuji: ...Yeah, that's tough.
*Inaba-san really is a bit of a coward by nature.*
*The way she asked Ayachi-san if she was being annoying when she first hugged her is the perfect example of that.*
*She still hasn't overcome her shyness, yet she's desperate to become better friends.*
*And then along comes some schmuck who's just as socially awkward as her and, in her mind, does what she can't. I guess that's why she wants me to tell her how I did it.*
*It is true that she can't ask this of anyone else. And I totally get why she doesn't want to just walk up to and ask Ayachi-san directly.*
*There are moments where I'm nervous around Ayachi-san too. She's incredibly beautiful for one, but also those eyes of hers can be terrifying at times...*
Meguru: Please help me, Senpai!
Shuuji: Okay. I'll do what I can.
Meguru: ...!!
*I told Ayachi-san I'd help her, and I feel guilty about that discussion being the reason Inaba-san feels left out now.*
*And, you know, it doesn't feel too bad to have her rely on me like this.*
Shuuji: (It's kind of a bummer that this ended up being about Ayachi-san though...)
*No, stop thinking this way, Shuuji! You know you don't stand a chance against Ayachi-san!*
*Besides...*
Meguru: Yay! Thank you, Senpai!
Shuuji: Err, I think it's a bit early to be thanking me.
Meguru: Whatcha mean?
Shuuji: While I'd love to help you, I'm not actually sure how I got so close to Ayachi-san.
Shuuji: So I don't have a clue where to start.
Meguru: What?!
*There's nothing else I can say when I'm keeping all the witch and fragment stuff a secret.*
Shuuji: First of all, I'm not nearly as close to her as you make me out to be. Sure, we're closer now compared to how we started out, but you're still wrong about us.
Meguru: Th-That's not true! You're like super close! You've even been communicating with eye contact alone!
Meguru: That's the whole reason I said this is unfair!
Shuuji: Well, I'm glad you think so, but I dunno what to do...
Shuuji: Like you said earlier, there's an inherent difference in how we can interact with her since I'm a guy and you're a girl. I doubt my approach would work for you.
Meguru: You got close with her in a way only a guy can...?
Meguru: W-Wait! Is that why you understand each other so well?! I mean, like, your relationship has gotten ph-ph-physical?!
Shuuji: Whoa, whoa! Hold on! You're way off-base! Why are you taking things in that direction?!
Meguru: Don't put this on me! You're the one who made it sound like that!
Shuuji: I didn't! That was all you! Anyway, just calm down. Let's get some drinks at the vending machine over there.
*The sun seems to have set without me even realizing it.*
*However, I can't go home until we've wrapped up this conversation. I doubt Inaba-san would even let me.*
*So the two of us lean against a wall side by side and gulp down the drinks we've bought.*
Meguru: *gulp* *gulp* Phew... That really startled me.
Shuuji: That's what I want to say... *sip* Anyway, that was just a misunderstanding on your part. 
Meguru: Yeah, I know. There's no way that'd be true now that I think about it.
Shuuji: Would've been nice if you thought that through sooner... Would have saved me some money on the drinks.
Meguru: Ah, speaking of, is the milk tea you got any good? I had a hard time deciding between that and this coffee.
Shuuji: I'd say it's better than the kind they have at school.
Meguru: Hmm... Maybe I should've went with the milk tea instead.
Shuuji: Want a taste?
Meguru: Of course not! That would be an... i-i-indirect kiss!
Shuuji: Oh... Y-Yeah, I guess so.
Meguru: Geez, why are you always like this? There's no way a dolt like you could get close with Nene-senpai!
Shuuji: Isn't that different from what you said earlier?
Meguru: ...So please tell me how you got so close to her while being such a dolt.
Shuuji: Err, like I said, I have no idea.
Meguru: You are no help at all...
Shuuji: Oh, give me a break. Let me think...
*I can't give her any of the details, so I guess I should recommend an approach I can't take?*
*Like, I dunno...*
Shuuji: ...Oh, how about we do this?
Meguru: I won't drink that even if you wipe the rim clean.
Shuuji: Forget about that already. What I'm saying is...
Shuuji: Why not just go and visit Ayachi-san right now?
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: And then when you're there, suggest staying the night.
Meguru: ...Y-You mean, just me?
Shuuji: Of course. You want to get closer to her, right?
Meguru: N-No way!
Shuuji: You mean you don't want to get closer to her?!
Meguru: No, I do! But you want me to stay the night with her?!
Meguru: Visiting her by myself would be hard enough for me...
Shuuji: And yet you have no qualms hanging out at my place...
Meguru: Th-That's because it's you.
*...What's that supposed to mean?*
*I guess Inaba-san is way more nervous around Ayachi-san than she is with me.*
*That's why she ended up dragging me away after school and not Ayachi-san.*
Shuuji: Okay, I admit it's probably too soon for you to sleep over at her place.
Meguru: R-Right.
Meguru: But, umm, the idea itself is good. Sleeping over at Nene-senpai's place is like a dream for me.
Shuuji: Okay, then with that goal in mind, how about you work towards getting closer to her starting tomorrow?
Meguru: Ugh... Can I really do this?
Shuuji: Well, how about you come and stay over at my place as practice?
Meguru: AS IF!!
Shuuji: Well, with that settled, let's pick this back up tomorrow.
Meguru: O-Okay. See you tomorrow.
Meguru: Umm... Thank you, Senpai.
Shuuji: You can show your thanks by staying the night at my place.
Meguru: What?! Are you serious?! Are you in super-perv Senpai mode right now?! Are you after me or something?!
Shuuji: Nah, just kidding.
Meguru: You've got a real messed up sense of humor...
*Joking around with her is so much fun.*
*She really should just be herself more often. Around everyone.*
================================================================================
Meguru: Hey, guess what? I brought cupcakes!
Tsumugi, Touko: Oooh♪
*The other girls squeal in delight upon Inaba-san pulling a pack of cupcakes from her bag.*
Meguru: Everyone really liked the pumpkin cookies and pudding at the Halloween party, so I got a little carried away and made some more stuff.
Tsumugi: Oh, yeah. Your cookies and pudding were great! I'm sure your cupcakes are good too.
Meguru: They turned out pretty well, I think. Alright, here you go, Tsumugi-senpai!
Tsumugi: Wow♪ Thanks~
Meguru: Togakushi-senpai, here's yours!
Touko: Ooh♪ This is such a wonderful surprise. Thank you.
Nene: Can I try one as well?
Meguru: Of course you can! I made a ton of 'em. There's no way I'd leave you out! 
Meguru: So here, take one!
Nene: Thank you very much. I'll have a taste.
*The girls are all excited. They really do love their sweets, huh?*
Meguru: Okay, here's yours, Hoshina-senpai.
Shuuji: Oh... Thanks. A girl's homemade cupcake, huh...
Meguru: I'm sure you'll like it.
Shuuji: You've been pretty cheerful lately, I have to say.
Meguru: Yeah, thanks to you.
Tsumugi: Oh! It's great, Meguru-chan!
Meguru: Really? I'm glad you like it!
Touko: It's so moist and fluffy. You didn't just use some pre-packaged mix, right? I can tell you put some real effort into these. The nuts are a great touch.
Nene: It's really good, Inaba-san. This tastes just as good as the stuff they sell at bakeries. 
Meguru: Wow! Nene-senpai, that's so nice of you to say!
*In the greatest of moods, Inaba-san fawns on Ayachi-san.*
*I heard yesterday that the sleepover went well, which explains Inaba-san's great mood.*
*Maybe that's why she made cupcakes. *
Shuuji: (Though, according to Ayachi-san, retrieving fragments is still not possible...)
*But looking at this, it feels like it's only a matter of time.*
Meguru: Nene-senpai, Nene-senpai!
Nene: Sh-Shouldn't you sit and eat your own share?
Meguru: Oh, well, maybe you should feed me. Just kidding!
*I mean, she's all over Ayachi-san.*
Shuuji: ......
*I know this is selfish of me to think, but it makes me feel kinda lonely...*
*I unwrap my cupcake and have a taste.*
Shuuji: (...Ah, it tastes great.)
*She really is good at baking.*
Meguru: ......
Nene: ...? What's the matter, Inaba-san?
Meguru: Oh, nothing!
Meguru: Okay, I'll eat mine now.
Nene: Alright, let's call it a day here.
Tsumugi: 'Kay!
*With the sun starting to set, we decide to end club activities for the day.*
*No one showed up, so we basically spent the whole day enjoying Inaba-san's cupcakes.*
Touko: Today was a lot of fun. Thanks again for the cupcakes, Inaba-san.
Meguru: Ahaha. You're welcome.
Shuuji: Welp, time to head home.
Meguru: Ah, Senpai, Senpai.
*Inaba-san whispers into my ear right as I'm picking up my book bag.*
Shuuji: Hm?
Meguru: Are you free after this?
Shuuji: I guess, yeah.
Meguru: Then, well... let's go home together!
Shuuji: ......
*I have no reason to say no. I'd be happy to walk home with her.*
*We say goodbye to the rest then leave the school together.*
Meguru: ...I wanted to give you this. Here.
*After walking a while with Inaba-san, she delicately hands me a small bag.*
*It's much like the ones she handed out in the clubroom earlier, but this one seems a bit fancier.*
Meguru: I didn't want it to look like I was showing favoritism, so I had you go home with me.
Shuuji: Umm... Is this another cupcake?
Meguru: Y-You don't want it?
Shuuji: Of course I do! I was just surprised.
Shuuji: Umm... You went out of your way to make me an extra one?
Meguru: ...Well, you're the one I made that promise with.
Shuuji: Y-Yeah, I guess.
*She's talking about the promise at the Halloween party about making more sweets sometime.*
*But why fulfill it now?*
Meguru: I also wanted to show my thanks somehow. I was able to sleep over at Nene-senpai's place thanks to your help, so I felt like thanking you with words wasn't enough...
Shuuji: Oh...
*This is kinda embarrassing... But I'm really happy.*
*I really didn't see this coming, which makes it all the more meaningful.*
Shuuji: Thank you, Inaba-san. Really.
Meguru: I-I'm the one thanking you, here.
Meguru: Come on. Hurry up and eat it. Go, go.
Shuuji: Yeah, thanks. I can't wait!
*I open the bag, and what I find within is not a cupcake, but a madeleine that smells of strawberry.*
*Aside from the strawberries, it seems she used the same ingredients as the cupcakes. But still, it must've taken a lot of extra effort to make one thing differently from the rest.*
*I thank her one more time in my mind and then take a bite.*
*Ah, I'm getting crumbs everywhere. Probably because I'm smiling while I eat.*
Meguru: W-Was it hard to eat? Maybe I should have taken the safe route and went with cookies...
Shuuji: No, you did good! It's just a little messy because I can't stop smiling while I eat.
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: *munch* *munch* Yeah, it's great. This tastes awesome, Inaba-san.
Meguru: ...E-Ehehehe.
Meguru: Ah! Now you're making me smile and laugh too, geez!
Shuuji: Huh? How is that my fault?
Meguru: 'Cuz what kind of dope smiles while they eat?
*I can't help it...*
*I finish the madeleine with Inaba-san while giggling the whole time.*
Shuuji: Thanks again. That was great.
Meguru: You're welcome.
Shuuji: Though, to be honest... I wish I had something to drink along with it. It tasted great, but now my mouth is dry.
Meguru: Oh... Y-You're right! I'm sorry I didn't think of that!
Meguru: Umm, there's a vending machine down the side street we talked on the other day, right? Let's go!
Shuuji: Nah, no need to take a detour just for that. I was only half serious, anyway.
Meguru: Oh, okay, right...
*Ugh, great. Now she looks bummed out...*
Shuuji: Err... Say, Inaba-san.
Meguru: Yeah...?
Shuuji: I'll take that detour after all. Wanna tag along? I wouldn't mind chatting more with you.
Meguru: Ah...
Meguru: Yeah! Of course!
*Whoa, now she's super happy?*
*You know... I really enjoy how open and sincere she is.*
*That made asking her worth it. It's like I'm the one being rewarded for doing so.*
Shuuji: (She's such a nice girl... So why is she so timid when it comes to socializing?)
*With that decided, we both get drinks at the same vending machine from the other day.*
Shuuji: Alright...
Meguru: There we go.
*I lean against the wall like before. Inaba-san does the same right next to me, almost snuggling up against me.*
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: Hm? What's wrong, Senpai?
Shuuji: Oh, nothing.
*Does she not realize how close she is?*
*I've always gotten the impression that she's kinda prudish, so it's strange how she'll randomly get close to me like this.*
*But I'd like to think I've gotten used to it by now. This isn't enough to get me flustered.*
*We both crack open our drinks and gulp them down.*
Meguru: Phew. Feeling better now with your thirst quenched?
Shuuji: For sure.
Meguru: That's good. I was afraid you wouldn't want to eat any of my treats anymore.
Shuuji: I'd never turn down more treats from you. It'd be awesome if I could have more sometime.
Meguru: Roger that. Next time I'll make something easier to eat.
Meguru: So... What did you want to talk about now? 
Shuuji: Hm?
Meguru: Don't "hm" me! Didn't you just say you wanted to chat some more?
Shuuji: O-Ohh... Right...
*I just wanted an excuse to invite her along. I didn't actually have a topic in mind... Not that I can tell her that.*
*What is there to talk about... Oh, right.*
Shuuji: I know you said the sleepover went well, but what did you two do together?
Meguru: You want to know?
Shuuji: Yeah. After getting this involved, I'm kinda curious. I haven't heard any of the details yet.
Meguru: Hmm, let's see...
Meguru: Nene-senpai kept chatting away about nothing in particular.
Shuuji: Oh yeah?
Meguru: Other than that, I made dinner to show my thanks for letting me sleep over...
Meguru: Oh, right! We also took a bath together! And even better, it was Nene-senpai who invited me for that!
Meguru: And before you ask, we didn't wash each other or anything. But man, Nene-senpai has such a nice figure and pretty skin. I'm a girl and was still totally captivated. It's not fair how she gets to be both slender and voluptuous.
Shuuji: Y-You don't say...
Meguru: Hey, I know that look! You're picturing her right now, aren't you?! You perv!
Shuuji: You can't blame me after you're the one who said all that stuff.
*Of course my imagination would run wild when hearing about two girls bathing together.*
*I've actually been picturing Nene in the buff since long before the sleepover.*
*Just look at how hot she is in her witch outfit. It's not hard to notice her perfect figure and pretty skin.*
Shuuji: (...What about Inaba-san, though?)
*Based on what I've seen of her with her clothes on, she's quite slender.*
*While Ayachi-san is very feminine, Inaba-san is petite. Maybe she's still growing.*
*Her petiteness is rather attractive too... It's actually quite a big turn-on for me.*
Meguru: What did I just say? No picturing Nene-senpai naked!
Shuuji: Erm, I was picturing you this time.
Meguru: WHAT?! Wh-Why me?!
Meguru: Why would you imagine ME naked?! Compared to Nene-senpai, I'm basically flat!
Shuuji: Well, I think you're both really attractive. A flat girl like you can still be hot!
Meguru: ―――?!
Shuuji: Err, sorry! This has been really rude of me! Forget I said anything!
Meguru: W-Will do. I'll try my best! You... You see, jokes like that don't faze me one bit!
*That's gotta be the most obvious lie I've ever heard. Her face is beet red and I can sense how embarrassed she is.*
*Actually, I thought she'd angrily attack me for saying that, but I guess she's letting me off.*
*I certainly won't complain about that... Hmm? There's something else I'm sensing...*
Meguru: M-Moving on!
Shuuji: Huh? R-Right...
*She's seriously letting that slide?*
*Then I should forget about it too and move on.*
Meguru: So, umm...
Meguru: R-Right! Nene-senpai was worried about whether I'm getting along with my classmates! 
Shuuji: Ahh...
*Ayachi-san and I had talked about that earlier that day.*
*But I shouldn't tell Inaba-san that.*
Shuuji: That's great. You and Ayachi-san have grown real close, huh?
Meguru: Y-Yeah. True, we took a bath together, ate cake together and all that...
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: ...Inaba-san?
Meguru: I'm sure you're curious about that too, huh?
Shuuji: Huh? A-About what?
Meguru: About why I decided to get a makeover when entering Himematsu.
Shuuji: Well...
*I can't deny that it's been on my mind a little.*
*Whenever she would bring that up before, I would perceive a complex mix of emotions.*
Shuuji: Umm... Did Ayachi-san ask you about that?
Meguru: Yeah. Our conversation ended up there.
*I see. I guess Ayachi-san was probing her, trying to find some information that could help.*
Shuuji: Do you mind telling me what you told her?
Meguru: I didn't tell her anything.
Shuuji: Huh?
Meguru: It's a hard subject for me, so I just sorta glossed over it.
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: But it makes me wonder if it's been weighing on her mind. And if it's been weighing on your mind as well...
Shuuji: Umm...  Didn't you tell us before that you got a makeover to make yourself more approachable?
Meguru: I did, and it's true, but I'm talking about what made me want to do that in the first place.
Shuuji: O-Oh. Yeah...
Meguru: ......
*...Ahh, right.*
*She probably wants me to ask her. She wants to tell someone about this.*
*But she can't come out and say it. This is just how she is.*
Shuuji: So... Can you tell me about it?
Meguru: Ah...
Meguru: O-Okay. It's not a very enjoyable story, though... Ahaha...
Shuuji: I don't mind. I'm just happy that you're willing to tell me.
Meguru: ...Thank you.
*She gives a soft, relieved smile.*
*Seriously, it's wonderful how open she is with her feelings...*
Meguru: Okay, story time!
Shuuji: Alright. Go ahead.
*And so Inaba-san proceeds to tell me all about why she changed everything about herself.*
*The story starts from before she entered Himematsu Academy.*
*Back then, she wasn't concerned about fashion at all. She was a plain girl with hardly any presence in her class.*
Meguru: Though, I did at least have one friend.
Meguru: She may have been my only one, but we were really close. We were best friends.
Shuuji: ...You didn't have any other friends?
Meguru: You know how clingy I can be, right? Well, back then, it was even worse.
Meguru: I could be myself around Chi-chan, but not any of the other girls...
Shuuji: Chi-chan, huh?
Meguru: Yeah. Kizuki Chihoko. I always called her Chi-chan.
Meguru: She was a very frail and quiet girl. She was a huge bookworm, though, and was super smart.
Meguru: I did nothing but read books too, so we had a shared hobby and matching personalities.
*To put it bluntly, they were basically your standard pair of plain girls.*
*I sorta had a feeling that Inaba-san was like that.*
Meguru: We were extremely close. We were each other's only friend. We would trade books and hang out at each other's place all the time.
Meguru: I could tell her all the things that I couldn't tell anyone else. I told her everything...
Meguru: ...But maybe that was the problem.
*Inaba-san's tone of voice changes.*
*She shifts to a low voice, like she's holding something back.*
*And at the same time, I feel a sharp pain stabbing at my chest.*
*Is this... regret?*
Meguru: Like I've said before, I tend to keep few friends, but I like to keep them very close.
Meguru: To make things worse, I tend to jabber on incessantly when I get excited.
Meguru: Basically, I'm completely unfettered when it comes to everyone I'm close with...
Shuuji: Yeah, I can see that.
*For the most part, she's still like that.*
*It's not like she bad-mouths people. She's just very particular about how close she keeps people. Either you're very close or not at all, with nothing in between.*
*So, what she's getting at is...*
Shuuji: Did you get in a fight with this Kizuki-san or something after saying too much?
Meguru: ......
Meguru: Chi-chan stopped coming to school all of a sudden.
Shuuji: Huh?
Meguru: I had no idea why. She just stopped coming...
Meguru: She never answered my calls or texts either.
Meguru: After a while of that, I couldn't take it anymore and went over to her place.
Meguru: But when I got there... her house was completely vacant.
Shuuji: Huh...?
Meguru: So I asked our homeroom teacher, but he wouldn't tell me anything. All he would say was that she left our school.
Meguru: And now... I still have no idea where Chi-chan is or what she's currently doing...
Shuuji: So... what you're saying is that she suddenly moved away and never told you?
Meguru: She didn't tell me anything. She wouldn't even answer my texts or calls.
Meguru: But I just figured that it made sense.
Shuuji: ...Why's that?
Meguru: I said something terrible to Chi-chan right before she stopped coming to school.
Meguru: "I can't get along with anyone else, but you're the only friend I want."
Meguru: "It's the same for you, right? So let's be friends forever."
Shuuji: What's so terrible about that?
*I can easily see a couple of awkward girls with no other friends having that kind of conversation.*
Meguru: It's not like I meant anything bad by it. I just wanted to express how much I liked her...
Meguru: But when I think back on it now, I realize how put off she looked when I said that.
Meguru: It was almost like I said something revolting to her...
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: That's why I figured it must have been my fault that she didn't tell me anything.
Meguru: Maybe it hurt her when I told her she didn't have any other friends than me.
Meguru: I would say inconsiderate stuff like that and act like a selfish kid around her all the time. Maybe that was too much for her.
Meguru: That must be why she disappeared from my life completely...
Shuuji: But...
*I want to say that she can't possibly know that for sure, but I can't.*
*She doesn't know where her best friend went, nor can she contact her. There's no way to determine the truth.*
*And because of that, Inaba-san has constructed her own personal truth.*
Meguru: I got really, really depressed.
Meguru: Partly because I lost my best friend...
Meguru: But also, with Chi-chan gone, I was back to being without a single friend I could open up to.
Shuuji: Ah...
Meguru: So after that, I just became an introverted bookworm.
Meguru: I knew I was too annoying to be good at making friends, so I was too scared to ever try again.
Meguru: I also felt like I'd never get a friendship like Chi-chan's again, anyway.
Meguru: And besides, not even my best friend Chi-chan wanted to be friends with me anymore.
Shuuji: ...I see.
*So this is the root cause of her strange timidity whenever she starts to get close to anyone.*
*It sounds like she's a lot less depressed now, but the trauma is very much still there.*
*Turned out I wasn't wrong about this being a deep-rooted issue. Going through something like that would scar anyone.*
Meguru: But then...
Meguru: I decided I couldn't let things continue like that.
Shuuji: ......
*My heart skipped a beat.*
*She found the courage to move forward from that position.*
*But more than that, her brave yet bashful smile is captivating.*
Meguru: I figured that, though I can't apologize to Chi-chan anymore, I can at least prevent anything like that from happening again.
Meguru: I wanted to get good at socializing and tried my best to achieve that.
Meguru: So if I were to meet Chi-chan again... I could apologize to her and tell her that I'm different now.
Shuuji: ...And that's why you changed yourself when you entered Himematsu.
Meguru: Yeah, exactly.
Shuuji: I see...
Meguru: ...I-I'm sorry. I just ended up spewing some boring, incomprehensible nonsense!
Meguru: L-Let's talk about something else! Umm, err, like about MonHun―
Shuuji: No. I get exactly how you feel.
*I can't stop myself from butting in.*
*For one, I see a lot of similarities to my own situation.*
*For two, there's a pain in my chest I desperately want to alleviate.*
*But most of all... she's trying so hard to force a smile through all this. I can't just leave her be after seeing that.*
Meguru: Huh? R-Really?
Shuuji: I've gone through some stuff and struggled to talk to people too.
Shuuji: I've always had hardly any friends. The most I could ever muster was some smalltalk with my classmates. I would just wear a fake smile and try not to upset anyone.
Shuuji: It got to the point where, just a little while back, my own dad told me I had the eyes of a dead fish.
Meguru: Ah...
Shuuji: Yeah, you've thought the same, I'm sure.
Meguru: N-No! I would never think anything like that! I just thought you look kinda gloomy. Like you didn't have any friends and stuff...
Shuuji: Yeah, that doesn't make it much better.
Meguru: I'm sorry!
Shuuji: It's alright. After all, it's the truth.
Shuuji: But, you see, circumstances led me to joining the OC where I got in touch with everyone else's worries. That made me take a closer look at myself, which led to a thought.
Meguru: Wh-Which is...?
Shuuji: That I couldn't let things continue like that.
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: I mean, I couldn't even muster a decent smile. It was so stiff that even I thought I looked gross.
Shuuji: That inspired me to change myself. To give myself a more natural smile...
Meguru: ...I see.
Meguru: So you're... the same as me...
Shuuji: Do you understand how I felt?
Meguru: Y-Yeah! I totally do! It's almost like you were talking about me!
Shuuji: Thanks. That is why I feel like I can understand your situation so well.  
Shuuji: ...Thanks for telling me.
Meguru: D-Don't thank me! I should thank you...
Meguru: You told me about yourself, listened to my story and understood me. I'm so happy...
Shuuji: Then that makes two of us.
Meguru: Seems so... Ahahaha...
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: I-I guess it's about time we go home.
Meguru: R-R-Right, we've been talking all evening...
Meguru: Th-This is far enough.
*After that, I ended up seeing Inaba-san home.*
*In stark contrast to before, the rest of the journey was quiet. But strangely enough, it wasn't at all uncomfortable.*
*I've been sensing no negative emotions from Inaba-san.*
Shuuji: Umm... Is your place pretty close, then?
Meguru: Yeah. It's only a few minutes from here, and the streets are well-lit.
Shuuji: Okay. Then I'll head home. See you on Monday, Inaba-san.
Meguru: Yeah...
Meguru: ...Oh, wait a moment! One last thing.
Shuuji: Huh? What's up?
Meguru: Umm... I don't know how to put this, but, umm...
Meguru: I-I know you think you haven't been able to smile well...
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Meguru: But...
Meguru: Your smile has never felt unpleasant to me!
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: Y-Yeah... Hehe...
*I don't know what to say...*
*With a smile on her face, Inaba-san takes a sip from the drink she's been carrying, as if to hide her embarrassment.*
Meguru: Oh boy, this cafe au lait is way too sweet as well! I definitely should have gone with the milk tea you got!
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Ready to have a taste of mine this time?
*I hold out my milk tea, which I hadn't finished yet.*
*It's just a lame joke to hide my own embarrassment.*
*She'll get mad at me, this awkward mood will finally change, and then things will go back to business as usual.*
*And hopefully, my burning hot face will return back to normal as well...*
Meguru: Geez, what are you saying? An indirect kiss? Yuck.
Shuuji: Ahaha, yeah of course you―
Meguru: But...
Meguru: ...Can I ask for something else instead?
Shuuji: What? L-Like, you want me to drink the rest of your cafe au lait or something?
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: ...Inaba-san?
Meguru: Meguru.
Meguru: Could you, from today on... start calling me by my given name?
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: ......
Meguru: N-Never mind! I take that back! Forget I said anything!
Shuuji: M-Meguru.
Meguru: Ah...
Shuuji: Is that what you wanted?
Meguru: A-Again. One more time.
Shuuji: ...Meguru.
Meguru: ~~~!!
Shuuji: ...Hellooo Meguru.
Meguru: That's me!
Shuuji: Nn...
*My heart pounds and throbs.*
*From her small embarrassed frame came a smile so brilliant that it floored me.*
*And in my mouth is a certain taste...*
Shuuji: (This taste...)
*It's the bittersweet taste I've been perceiving lately.*
*And right now, it's...*
Shuuji: (Just wonderful...)
*How come I suddenly feel that way about it now?*
*I failed to quell the racing of my heart for some time after that.*
================================================================================
*That was a first for me.*
*Thinking that someone else's emotion felt wonderful.*
Shuuji: ...Why am I recalling that as soon as I wake up?
*I'm kinda surprised at myself. That was on the way home from school on Friday, which was three days ago.*
*It must've really left an impact on me.*
Shuuji: That taste from Inaba-san...
Shuuji: O-Oh, right. I'm supposed to call her by her first name now.
Shuuji: Meguru... Meguru... Okay...
Shuuji: The taste from... Meguru...
*I still don't know what emotion lies behind that taste.*
*But I'm getting restless just thinking about it.*
Shuuji: ...I want to taste it again.
*I can't help but think that.*
*Once again, I'm surprised at myself.*
*It's a completely new emotion for me, though... *
*But...*
Taichi: Wow, looks like somebody's in a good mood.
Shuuji: Huh? D-Does it?
Taichi: Yeah. You used to have the eyes of a dead fish, but now you've passed the point of a resurrected fish all the way to a bouncy, fresh fish.
Shuuji: Er, sorry, but I have no idea what you're saying...
*He makes it sound like I'm on the cutting board about to be turned into sashimi. Aren't I dead either way, then?*
*And for how long does he intend to compare his own son to fish, anyway?*
Taichi: First you get into music, and now you're like this...
Taichi: Ah! Something nice must've happened, huh? I see how it is. Maybe you're the fisherman, and you caught someone? You snagged a bouncy, fresh fish for yourself?
Shuuji: No, I haven't! Could you stop teasing me first thing in the morning? That's messed―
Shuuji: Oh... Give me a moment. I got a text.
*I cut off my dad and take out my phone.*
*I don't often get texts so early. Who could it be?*
*"It's me, Meguru! о（≧∀≦）о　Good morning!"*
Shuuji: Uh...
*"Wanna meet up, Senpai? I'll wait for you by the bridge we always part at. （＊￣‥￣＊）ゝ"*
*This is the first time I've ever received a text from her... We've exchanged numbers a while ago but never texted.*
*Maybe our conversation on Friday spurred her to start today?*
*What's more, she's basically asking me to walk to school together with her.*
Shuuji: ...Hehehe.
*I don't see any reason to say no. With my heart still racing from excitement, I send my reply.*
*"Gotcha. I'll get going right away. ヾ（゜д゜　）三（　゜д゜）ノ"*
Shuuji: Hmm, I tried and used an emoticon too, but... W-Was that the right one to use there?
Shuuji: I've hardly ever used them before, so I don't have a clue what I'm doing―
Taichi: Heh... *grin*
Shuuji: Ah?! I-It's not like that, Dad!
Taichi: Don't worry about me, Son. You meeting up with someone? Or are you having lunch together?
Shuuji: Ugh... A-Anyway, I'm sorry but I gotta go now! I'll do the laundry after school, so just leave it be for now!
Taichi: Sure. See you later. And good luck!
Meguru: Ah! Senpai! Helloha!
Shuuji: Pheew... G-Good morning.
Meguru: You're breathing pretty heavily. Did you run all the way here?
Shuuji: N-No, I didn't.
*I'd rather die than admit I was running away from my dad's teasing, caused by the text she sent.*
Shuuji: Anyway, I hope I didn't keep you waiting for too long. I didn't expect you to ask me that.
Meguru: Ahaha... Yeah, I just felt like it when I woke up this morning.
Meguru: And Senpai, what was up with that emoticon...? Pfft, that made it seem like you were all flustered.
Shuuji: Oh, yeah... My bad, Inaba-san. I wanted to use one since you did, but I don't know jack about emoticons...
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: H-Huh? Inaba-san?
Meguru: *stare*
Shuuji: Inaba―Ah!
Shuuji: Sorry! Umm... Meguru.
Meguru: That's right! I almost thought you forgot already.
Meguru: But I'll forgive you since you remembered in the end. Let's go, Senpai!
Shuuji: ...Huh? We're going this way again?
Meguru: Of course. This way has just become that kinda way for us, you know?
Shuuji: That kinda way...? You mean like, a way just for us, so we can talk?
Meguru: Haha, actually saying that out loud is so lame.
Shuuji: It's really hard to get what sets you off and what doesn't, you know that?!
Meguru: I don't know what you're talking about.
*Huh, she sure is in a good mood.*
*I guess that really means that our talk on Friday has made her open up to me more.*
Shuuji: (I'd be really happy if that were the case...)
Meguru: ...Umm, by the way, Senpai.
Shuuji: Huh? Wh-What's up?
Meguru: You know, there's actually something I'd like to ask of you. That's partly why I texted you.
Shuuji: Yeah? What is it?
Meguru: You remember how I told you all that stuff on the way home last Friday?
Shuuji: Ah...
*My heart starts racing upon being reminded of that conversation.*
Meguru: Could you... keep all that a secret?
Shuuji: Huh? You mean...
Meguru: Umm... From Nene-senpai and the others, I mean.
*I wonder why for a moment but quickly come to understand.*
Shuuji: Yeah, wouldn't want to worry them.
*That story was pretty heavy. It was actually sort of painful for me to listen to at points.*
*It's a very serious topic for her. It seems likely that incident left her with some form of trauma, and that's the reason why we can't collect any heart fragments from her.*
*And she doesn't want her dear friend Nene-senpai to know in fear that the knowledge would only worry her.*
Shuuji: (And so, the only reason she told me was because she wouldn't be bothered by what I think?)
*I wouldn't say that she doesn't care about me, but I'm not as special to her as Ayachi-san... Well, that's nothing I didn't already know.*
Meguru: Oh, uh, yeah. That's a factor of course, but...
Shuuji: Huh? Go on...
Meguru: How do I put this... More importantly than that...
Meguru: I just, well... I only want you to know.
Shuuji: ......
*Ah. There it is again.*
*There's that bittersweet taste again.*
*It came accompanying what she just said.*
*She only wants me to know?*
*Doesn't that mean the complete opposite of what I thought?*
Shuuji: (I'm the only one she's fully opened up to...)
Meguru: I'm not really sure why myself... Ahaha, yeah...
Shuuji: ...Got it. I'll keep it to myself.
Meguru: Ah...
*As I nod, another wave of that bittersweet taste spreads inside of my mouth.*
*...It tastes better than anything.*
*I see. If I'm acting like this, it makes Meguru feel this tasty emotion, huh...?*
Shuuji: (In that case...)
*If I helped her deal with this trauma plaguing her...*
*Would she direct this emotion my way even more?*
Shuuji: (......)
Shuuji: (I mean, even putting that aside...)
*I just want to do something about it for her.*
*As the one she opened up to.*
Shuuji: (Right... Then...)
Shuuji: (...Sorry, Meguru. I know I just promised you, but...)
*What I need to do is clear.*
Shuuji: Umm, Ayachi-san. Shiiba-san.
*It's lunch break. After getting back from the school cafeteria, I approach the two of them.*
Tsumugi: Ah, Hoshina-kun. Welcome back.
Shuuji: Yeah, thanks.
*The both of them are sitting at the same desk and have just finished eating, it seems.*
*Perfect timing.*
Nene: What is it?
Shuuji: Well, the thing is...
Shuuji: (Do you two know anyone who could search for someone?)
*I bring my voice down to a whisper.*
*Resolving this problem for Meguru would be next to impossible on my own. I'll need Ayachi-san and Shiiba-san's help if I want to get anywhere.*
*...I'm really sorry, Meguru. I'll make this up to you later.*
Nene: (You want to search for someone...?)
Shuuji: (Yeah. I'm trying find someone who went missing.)
Nene: (...Is this somehow related to Inaba-san's fragments?)
Tsumugi: (Oh, right. Ayachi-san told me about that. That's why you've been so concerned with Meguru-chan lately, right?)
Shuuji: (Yeah... That's right.)
Shuuji: (I'll give you the details later, but it seems like she her best friend disappeared and she doesn't know where she is.)
Tsumugi: (...Really?)
Shuuji: (She left without saying goodbye... I think the incident left her scarred. Now I want to find that friend of hers.)
Tsumugi: (Oh... She went through all that?)
Nene: (...Okay. I understand.)
Nene: (I don't know anyone with people finding skills, but I'll at least ask who I can for now.)
Tsumugi: (Oh, I'll help out too. Not just because of the fragments. I want to help Meguru-chan.)
Shuuji: (Thanks. I really appreciate it.)
Tsumugi: (Also, is it okay to tell Togakushi-senpai about this too? She knows a lot of people, so she could be really helpful.)
Shuuji: (Yeah, would be great if you could. I can definitely see her being a big help.)
Tsumugi: (I'm sure she will! Okay, I'll ask her.)
Shuuji: (But one more thing. I would like you to keep this all from her for now.)
Nene: (...Why is that?)
Shuuji: (Umm... The truth is, she asked me to keep it a secret. Said she doesn't want anyone but me to know since it's embarrassing to her.)
Tsumugi: (Oh?)
Shuuji: (Besides, we might not be able to find the girl. I don't want to disappoint her or anything. So I'd really appreciate it if you kept quiet about this until we know more.)
Nene: (...Alright. Understood.)
Tsumugi: (But... Hey, Ayachi-san. This is definitely how I think it is, right?)
Nene: (I think so. I can't see it any other way.)
Shuuji: (...Huh? What're you talking about?)
Tsumugi: (Ahaha, you can be so dense about this stuff.)
Tsumugi: (Isn't it obvious? Meguru-chan actually―)
Meguru: Excuse me!
Tsumugi: Ah?!
Meguru: Oh, you're all together!
*I look towards the entrance and find Meguru popping her head into the classroom waving her hand at us.*
Shuuji: Wh-What brings you here?
Meguru: Do you really have to ask? I came to hang out.
*Meguru merrily marches into the classroom.*
Shuuji: I-I see. Come on over.
Meguru: Alright! Don't mind me.
Meguru: Hey, Nene-senpai, Tsumugi-senpai! I've come over to chat!
Shuuji: ......
Tsumugi: H-Huh? With us, you mean?
Meguru: You bet. We haven't seen each other or talked since Friday.
Meguru: Oh, I'm not bothering you by coming, am I?
Tsumugi: N-No! Not at all.
Meguru: Ahaha, great! I'm happy to hear that.
Nene: Is it okay to ignore Hoshina-kun like that, though?
*Hey! Don't look at me like I'm some kind of rejected loser!*
Meguru: I'm sure he doesn't mind. Right, Senpai?
Shuuji: Huh? O-Oh, uh...
Meguru: (...! ...!)
*Those are some intense eye signals.*
Shuuji: ("No telling them about you-know-what!" Is that it?)
*So is that why she's acting like this around Ayachi-san and Shiiba-san?*
*She's right to worry about that if so.*
*I mean, I actually did tell them. I didn't have much of a choice, but still...*
Meguru: See? Hoshina-senpai doesn't mind.
Tsumugi: I'm pretty sure he didn't say anything...
Meguru: Senpai, Senpai. You don't mind, do you?
Shuuji: Nah, it's okay, Meguru. If you've come to see the two of them, then I'll let you guys be.
Nene, Tsumugi: ......
Meguru: No one said you had to go away or anything. You can stay and watch in silence.
Shuuji: Isn't this just bullying?!
Meguru: Not at all! I'm just asking you to kindly watch over me.
Shuuji: Ugh... Okay, enough with the puppy-dog eyes, Meguru.
Meguru: What's the matter? Please watch over me, Senpai!
Hideaki: Uh, excuse me. Comment from the peanut gallery, here.
Meguru: Huh?! Wh-What the! Wh-Wh-What is it?!
Hideaki: Okay, so... Ahem.
Hideaki: Isn't Shuuji the only one you're chatting with?!
Meguru: Ah...
*Now that he mentions it...*
*She said she only came to talk to Ayachi-san and Shiiba-san, and yet...*
Wakana: Disappointing, Kaidou. You missed the most obvious comment.
*And now, even Kariya's weighing in.*
Meguru: Wh-What?
Wakana: Ah, sorry for butting in. I'm Kariya Wakana, and this guy is Kaidou Hideaki. We're Hoshina's friends.
Meguru: O-Oh! I'm Inaba Meguru.
Wakana: Anyway... Ahem.
Wakana: Hoshina, since when have you been calling her by her first name without honorifics?!
Shuuji: Ah...
Tsumugi: Yes! That's right! I was just thinking that! Nice one, Kariya-san!
Nene: So was I. I think we all were wondering about that. Up until now, he has been calling her by her last name with an honorific...
*O-Oh crap. I didn't think about that. Of course they'd notice me suddenly changing how I call her!*
*While we talked about not telling the others about her past, we didn't exchange a single word on how to explain the way I call her now.*
Shuuji: (Hey... M-Meguru?)
Meguru: Ah, er, umm, about that, it's like...!
*Oh, shit. She's in full panic mode!*
*I guess she didn't expect everyone to bring it up. Well, that makes two of us.*
*Anyway, now it's up to me to explain. But I can't say exactly what led to this...*
Shuuji: Umm... Well, it's just something I wanted to do.
Meguru: Huh? Ah, er...
Shuuji: We've become pretty good friends, so I asked if I could start using her first name.
Shuuji: And, well, a plain and simple "Meguru" without honorifics is what felt right to me, so I just went with that.
Hideaki: Huh... I see. Gotta say, that's not like you.
Shuuji: Yeah, you're not wrong. But I've never had a junior in a club before, so...
Wakana: It didn't feel right treating her like an underclassman forever? Kinda like how they do it in sports clubs. Didn't know you had that side to you, Hoshina.
Shuuji: Is there something wrong with that? It's not like this girl holds anything back like a typical underclassman.
Wakana: Yeah, I can see that. She seems kinda over-familiar... Oh, sorry, I didn't mean that in a bad way. She just seems quite attached with how she's all "Senpai, Senpai!"
Nene: So nothing special happened between you two that led to you calling her by her first name?
Tsumugi: That's kind of a bummer...
Shuuji: Y-Yeah, nothing special happened! Right, Meguru?
Meguru: Huh?! D-Dat's right!
Shuuji: Anyway, isn't it about time for you to head back to your classroom? Lunch break is almost over.
Meguru: Ah... Oh yeah! I'll do that!
Meguru: I-I'm leaving then! See you all later!
*Meguru pounces on the opportunity I offer her and rushes out of our classroom.*
*Good lord. We somehow finagled our way out of that situation... for now.*
*A short while later, I receive another text from Meguru.*
*"（；＾ー゜Ａ"*
Shuuji: (Nothing but an emoticon?!)
*Though, I think I know what she's trying to say. "That made me panic." *
*I respond, "Yeah, we never talked about how to explain the name situation."*
*Which I follow up with, "I got pretty flustered myself."*
*Soon after, I receive another text from her.*
*"ｄ（＞▽＜＊）"*
Shuuji: (Why is she only sending me emoticons?! Is typing out a full reply too much effort for her?!)
*I think I know what this one's saying too...*
*"Well, I said I'd call you by your first name, so I stuck by that, even in front of everyone else. You like it better that way, don't you?"*
*......*
*H-Huh? Why is there no answer coming this time?*
*Did I get it wrong? I was pretty sure the emoticon meant, "But you still kept calling me by my first name!"*
Shuuji: (Oh, here it is. Phew!)
*"I do."*
*It's pretty short considering how long it took for her to answer...*
*But then two more texts from her immediately follow that one.*
*"Thank you."*
*"By the way, are you free today after school?"*
Shuuji: (Huh? Does she want to do something other than our club?
*"Would you like to come over to my place?"*
Shuuji: ......
*...What?*
Meguru: Well, I mean, I've already visited your place.
Meguru: So I thought, next time I should have you come over to my place instead.
Shuuji: I can't turn you down when you put it like that.
*Since she wanted to clean her room before I came over, we both went home and then met up again later.*
*We also both changed out of our school uniforms and into our regular clothes in the process.*
Meguru: Hey, I don't like the way you put that.
Shuuji: Well, we're both ditching club for the day to do this...
Meguru: But Nene-senpai said that it was okay.
Shuuji: Yeah, I guess.
*More like, she sent me off saying, "Don't worry about us. You were going to wait to give us the details, anyway." *
*I was able to successfully explain away the name incident, but I feel like she's still suspicious of us.*
*...There's really nothing going on between us, though.*
*Meguru is simply attached to me. And as for me myself...*
Shuuji: (...I just can't leave her alone.)
Shuuji: (......)
Shuuji: (I'm trying my best to ignore that delicious bittersweet taste from earlier.)
*I can't deny that I want to taste more of it, but...*
*...I still can't grasp its meaning.*
*We walk past our usual parting spot and head in the general direction of the station.*
Meguru: We're almost there.
Shuuji: Huh, you live pretty close to the station.
Meguru: We could have passed through the shopping district to get to my place too, but I thought it'd be better to take a route that's easier to remember.
Shuuji: ...Does that mean there is going to be a second time?
Meguru: Why do you always have to ask these things out loud? Seriously, Senpai... Man.
Shuuji: Wh-What's so bad about it? That's just how important it is.
Meguru: O-Oh, it's important?
Shuuji: Sure is. At least to me.
Meguru: ...You don't ever change, do you?
Shuuji: What's that supposed to mean?
Meguru: Ah, we have to turn the corner here.
Shuuji: Oh...
Meguru: We're there. This is my house.
*We walked under a railroad overpass and out the other side of the station before arriving at our destination.*
*Meguru's house is a cute little family home.*
Meguru: Could you wait a moment?
Shuuji: Huh? Sure...
*She leaves me at the entrance and disappears into the house ahead of me.*
*...Why is she making me wait here? I thought she already cleaned up her room.*
Meguru: I'm home!
*Oh, maybe she's reminding her family that I'm coming and asking them to steer clear.*
*That works for me... Meeting her family would be kinda embarrassing.*
*Though, being alone with her could end up embarrassing in its own way.*
*I felt awkward last time when I had the home-field advantage. I'm even more nervous now that I'm playing an away game...*
Shuuji: ...She's really taking her sweet time, huh?
*How much longer does she intend to make me wait for? What is she even doing in there, anyway?*
*Telling her family should only take a few moments...*
*......*
*............*
Shuuji: This is taking forever! What's the hold up?!
Meguru: I'm baaack!
Shuuji: It's about damn―Bueeh?!
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: Senpai, you should see the look on your face right now.
Shuuji: I mean, it didn't even cross my mind that you'd make me wait just to change again...
Meguru: I like to kick back and relax at home, so I went ahead and changed into something more comfortable.
Shuuji: Then why didn't you come to meet me in those clothes?! 
Meguru: Because this way I get to surprise you. I knew you'd never expect me to change a second time.
Shuuji: This was seriously all part of your plan? You sure went out of your way...
Meguru: Really, though, this is loungewear. I can't wear this stuff outside.
Meguru: So, what do you think? Surprised?
Shuuji: Yeah, I really didn't expect you to change a second time. Though, your new getup is surprising too. You give off a completely different vibe than usual in that outfit.
*It's a very simple look. Not quite lame―just plain.*
*The way her hair is loosely tied up on one side, her glasses... everything about her right now says "plain girl."*
Shuuji: So, you've been wearing contacts, huh?
Meguru: That's right. Hehe. That surprise you too? Well, you had no way of knowing since I never told you.
Meguru: Do the glasses make a big difference? 
Shuuji: Hmm... They do make you look more plain than usual.
Meguru: This is how I always looked before entering Himematsu.
Shuuji: ...You mean, before your makeover?
Meguru: Yep! Standing before you is an elusive Meguru that hardly anyone else gets to see.
Meguru: It's gotten kinda embarrassing to show myself in public like this now. I look way too plain. I don't want to come off as a slob.
Shuuji: ...But you're okay looking like this in front of me?
Meguru: Hehehe. I'm making an exception for you. Your reactions are worth it!
Meguru: I'd like you to keep this a secret as well.
Shuuji: Y-Yeah, sure...
*She's showing a side to me that she typically only shows her family.*
*And she's doing it so cheerfully...*
Shuuji: ......
*When I think about it that way, this is pretty embarrassing and awkward...*
*...But I'm happy.*
*It feels like Meguru is opening up her heart to me more and more.*
*After the initial surprise wears off, we decide to settle down and play some MonHun, just like when she came over to my place.*
Meguru: ~♪ Ooh, a rare weapon~
*During our pre-quest preparations, the girl behind Lavie rejoices as she crafts a new weapon that she spent a while farming materials for.*
Meguru: Jealous? You're jealous, ain'tcha, Senpai? Or, should I say, Nucha-san?
Shuuji: That's a pretty sweet weapon, but I'm a lance player. Not like getting that gun would do me any good.
Meguru: What the heck? Why aren't you jealous?!
Meguru: Well, whatever. I know you'll think differently after Lavie here saves your butt with her shiny new weapon. 
Shuuji: Guh. Well, yeah, I'm pretty much relying on you to carry me... as always...
Shuuji: Gotta say, though. Playing with each other while sitting face-to-face is a completely different experience.
Meguru: Right? This way you won't get horrifically murderized when you try to thank me!
Shuuji: You didn't have to bring that up again, Lavie-san!
Meguru: Sorry, but it was too funny. I don't think I'll ever forget how you just stopped and got your face kicked in.
Shuuji: I was actually moved by how skilled yet kind the mysterious Lavie-san was... I was shocked when I saw who was behind the character.
Meguru: What the heck? I'm not any different from Lavie! Just look at how good she is at coordinating her outfit.
Shuuji: Can't deny that. That armor set is pretty dang cool.
Meguru: I know, right?! I had to do so much grinding to get the whole set. Hehe!
Shuuji: The hair and armor colors even match. It's kinda hot, or more like sexy... Nice job.
Meguru: How could you say that to the person playing the character? Gross.
Shuuji: I was just trying to compliment your fashion sense, since you seem to take pride in that...
Meguru: Ugh...
Meguru: Th-Then you should say that about me instead.
Shuuji: Huh?
Meguru: Don't "huh" me! What's with that answer? Don't you want to compliment me?
Meguru: Lavie's player is, umm... confident about her own fashion as well...
Shuuji: Oh, you look pretty sexy too.
Meguru: Buh?! Wh-Wh-Wh-What're you saying?!
Shuuji: Well, just look at how you're always showing off your legs...
Meguru: M-M-Maybe, but... we're talking about my fashion sense! Not my legs!
Shuuji: But going with bare legs is an intentional decision, isn't it? That's a conscious fashion choice.
Meguru: Okay, true! But still! Ahh, geez!
Shuuji: When I first saw you at school, I thought you looked like a bit of a floozy. But on closer inspection, it's really more of a casual cute style.
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: I can tell you put some serious thought into picking a jumper that would match with your uniform. You give off a vibrant, playful vibe, like that of a younger girl. It's really fitting for you.
Meguru: Y-Yeah? Ehehe, I spent a lot of time coordinating that outfit. It's my pride and joy♪
Meguru: Senpai, Senpai, praise me more!
Shuuji: Sorry, but that's all I got. I'm having trouble remembering anything else to say from the fashion magazines I flipped through...
Meguru: ...There goes most of the goodwill you just garnered.
Shuuji: You're pretty easy to flatter, huh?
Meguru: And there goes the rest.
Shuuji: Sorry, I went a little too far there...
Meguru: Whatever. Let's just go and do a quest.
Shuuji: Oh, okay... I guess I'll back you up...
Meguru: Pfft, haha... You don't have to act so depressed.
Shuuji: Ah, you cheering up again?
Meguru: Geez, I don't believe you. Yeah, I'll cheer up and shoot you full healing bullets~
*While keeping up the idle talk, we proceed to hunt monsters for a while.*
Meguru: Ta-dah♪ I brought some mini orange tarts.
*After we enjoyed MonHun for a while, Meguru brings some homemade mini tarts for the both of us.*
Meguru: The oranges and custard make these a lot less dry than that madeleine, so they should go down easier.
Shuuji: Huh? Did you make these just for me...?
Meguru: No, I made them yesterday. I was just in the mood for it.
Shuuji: Ah... Still, though. Thanks. I'll dig right in.
Meguru: Yeah, go ahead!
Shuuji: ...Oh, this is great! It's sweet and sour, but also has a slightly bitter aftertaste. I really like it.
Meguru: Oh, awesome!
Meguru: Hearing everyone's impression is the best part of making any dessert.
Shuuji: No, really, you're seriously good at this. Every treat of yours I've eaten has been delicious.
Shuuji: You're a pretty good cook in general, aren't you? Like in MonHun, you've got quite a few hidden talents.
Meguru: Oh, thank... Well, umm...
Meguru: I guess you could say I'm a bit of a homebody. I tend to spend most of my free time at home.
Shuuji: Oh, I see. That makes sense...
*I glance around her room while sipping on the tea she brought alongside the tarts.*
*It's as tidy and cute as you'd expect from a girl's room.*
*But there are a ton of books and manga lining the shelves, and there's a video game console hooked up with a ton of games for it.*
*Thanks to that, I feel quite at home here. I'm not nearly as nervous as I otherwise would be.*
*Her room really fits with everything I know about her.*
Shuuji: So, your hobbies are only indoor activities like cooking, reading books and manga, playing games and watching movies?
Meguru: Yeah, basically.
Shuuji: What kind of books do you like? The genres on your shelf seem all over the place.
Meguru: Good question... I don't have specific preferences. I read pretty much everything.
Shuuji: Huh... Got any examples?
Meguru: The last thing I read was an Irish poem collection. Before that was some celebrity's street food travelogue, and before that an isekai harem light novel, I think?
Shuuji: Holy crap, that spread... You'll read just about anything, huh?
Meguru: Lately though I've been playing games a lot more than reading. I play stuff other than MonHun too.
Shuuji: Yeah, I see the console. Oh... l-looks like you're into otome games.
Meguru: Heck yeah. With headphones on! Those sexy male voices make my heart pound in ways that―
Meguru: Wait, how did you know?!
Shuuji: Err, there's what looks like one laying out in the open over there...
Meguru: Huh?! Aaah! I-I forgot to put it awaaay!
Shuuji: I-It's okay! I play that kinda stuff too!
Meguru: What?! You're a guy who plays otome games?!
Shuuji: No, I tend to play games aimed at guys...
Meguru: For guys...? Y-You mean porn games? Ugh, you actually play that filth? You're the worst...
Shuuji: What an absurd double standard. Don't just assume that any visual novel for guys is an adult PC game! There's a lot of perfectly normal stuff on consoles!
Shuuji: Wait, why do you even know about those kinds of games...?
Meguru: Uhh...
Shuuji: You actually play those, don't you?!
Meguru: I-I do not! How dare you suggest that?! I've had enough of your super-perv antics!
Shuuji: Don't pretend like you're not accusing me of the same thing! This is such a double standard!
*Like that, we continue our idle bickering for a while.*
*But strangely, it's an oddly relaxing experience.*
*It like... we're actually friends.*
*Meguru will regularly make a fuss over something, but she always laughs it off with a smile afterward.*
Shuuji: Alright then, see you tomorrow.
*I didn't want to stay too late, so I decided to go home once the sun started to set.*
Meguru: Yeah. Thanks for today.
Shuuji: No, thank you. For the tart, and―
Meguru's Mom: Oh my, you're going home already?
Meguru: Wha?!
Shuuji: Oh, uh, yes! Thanks for having me!
Meguru: M-Mom!! Why did you come out?!
Meguru's Mom: This is the first friend you've brought over in so long. Of course I'd want to say hello!
Meguru's Mom: And it's a boy too? How exciting!
Meguru: Geez! I thought I told you to stay clear! Besides, you're getting the wrong idea!
Meguru: It's not like you think! He's just an upperclassman from my club!
Meguru's Mom: Thank you for taking care of my daughter. Ahh, I wish my husband was here to see you too...
Meguru: Mooom! Geeez!
Shuuji: Er, I really need to go now! You'll have to let me off for today! Thanks again!
*The both of us panicked at the unexpected ambush from Meguru's mom, but I managed to escape somehow.*
Shuuji: Phew... Man...
*I walked home more quickly than I intended and ended up in my neighborhood before I knew it.*
*I'm such a chicken when it comes to those kinds of situations...*
Shuuji: Well... at least Meguru seemed cheerful throughout the day, aside from that last part.
*Besides, the encounter with her mom was embarrassing, but it wasn't unpleasant or anything.*
*It gave me a glimpse of how Meguru acts around her family. She seems pretty open with her mom.*
Shuuji: I get the impression that she's assertive at home but meek when out and about. And when around people she knows, she tends to be kinda pushy and clingy...
*I'm happy I was able to learn this.*
*Yeah, I'm glad she invited me over today.*
Shuuji: Her mom seemed happy too. I guess she doesn't bring friends over very often.
Shuuji: ......
Nene: Huh? Is that you, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Oh... Hey there, Ayachi-san. On your way home?
Nene: Yes. The sun was setting, so we called it a day.
Nene: Weren't you supposed to be somewhere with Inaba-san?
Shuuji: Yeah, but we called it a day for the same reason.
Nene: I see...
Shuuji: Yeah...
Nene: ......
Nene: I've got some news, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Ah... Wh-What is it?
Nene: It seems that Togakushi-senpai is willing to help us.
Shuuji: Huh? You mean...
Nene: About Inaba-san's missing friend.
Shuuji: ......
*Right. That's what this is about.*
*I guess I did ask her about this...*
Nene: Shiiba-san and I didn't know where to start, but like we thought, Togakushi-senpai has a lot of contacts. She turned out to be a great help.
Nene: Since Inaba-san's friend was her classmate, Togakushi-senpai said she would get in touch with some people she knows from the schools near their old one and have them check the student registers there.
Shuuji: I see...
Nene: ...Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Yeah...
Meguru: "I'd like you to keep this a secret as well."
*It really hurts that I've already broken my promise with her...*
Meguru: "...I decided I couldn't let things continue like that."
Shuuji: (But if there's a thorn still stuck in her heart, I want to remove it for her.)
*She felt that she had to change herself, and, although clumsily, she bravely tried her best.*
*But if that thorn in her heart is making her act afraid and timid despite all that, then...*
Meguru: "You know. Both of us kinda suck at socializing, right?"
Shuuji: "W-Well, yeah... We do..."
Meguru: "So I feel a certain kinship with you."
*I really want to help her.*
*It may upset her if she ever finds out about this...*
*But still... She's come to occupy a place in my heart that no one else does...*
Shuuji: Thanks, Ayachi-san.
Shuuji: Are you free right now? This would be a good time for me to share the details.
*I tell her most everything I know about the Meguru case while recalling that bittersweet taste.*
Meguru: *sigh*
*I let out a reflexive sigh upon recalling the day's events.*
*Not a sigh of exhaustion or depression, but the complete opposite.*
Meguru: Today was so much fun...
*Senpai came over to my place.*
*We played MonHun together, ate cake and talked about all sorts of stuff.*
*Well, things got hectic when Mom ambushed us near the end, but even that was kinda fun.*
Meguru: ...Hehehe.
*...It feels strange, even to me.*
*I never would've thought that I could get so close to Senpai.*
Meguru: I haven't been like this with anyone since Chi-chan...
*And this person is even a guy who's one grade higher than me.*
*When I actually stop and think about it, I can hardly believe it.*
*It feels so unreal.*
Meguru: But... it is real. We played MonHun together right here in this room.
*That's right... He's giving me what I've been looking for.*
*He understands my feelings and is able to relate to me.*
*That's why time with him is so fun... And so happy.*
*I wish every day could be like today.*
Meguru: I want to learn more about him...
Meguru: And I want him to learn about me too...
Meguru: ...Wait.
*I sit up in my bed at that thought.*
*That was a completely natural thought of mine, right?*
Meguru: ......
*I've never had any thoughts like this until right now.*
*I've always been friendly with Senpai. He's easy to talk to and I can be myself around him. But...*
*Wistfully spacing out in my room as I think about him and the time we've spent together... That's never happened before.*
Meguru: It's kinda like...
Meguru: Something inside me has started to change.
*Why did that happen?*
*And since when?*
*I can't figure it out no matter how long I think about it, but...*
Meguru: *sigh*
Meguru: Can't tomorrow come faster?
*I wish for something that I, a reclusive loner, have never wished for before.*
================================================================================
Meguru: Oh, Senpai!
Meguru: Helloha!
Shuuji: Oh, Meguru... Yeah, helloha and all that.
Meguru: Hehe. I coulda texted you, but I wanted to talk in person.
Meguru: Didja hear, Senpai? Nene said our club's taking the day off today.
Shuuji: Yeah, I heard.
Meguru: Oh, cool! So, Senpai, how about we―
Shuuji: I'm sorry, but I already have plans for after school today.
Meguru: Oh... I-I see...
Meguru: W-Well, that's fine! Roger! We'll get together some other time!
Shuuji: I'm really sorry.
Shuuji: ...Oh, why not use this chance to hook up with some of your friends from your class?
Meguru: Oh... Y-Yeah, good idea...
Meguru: I'll try that! See ya!
*...Well, I sure feel guilty. I could clearly sense how sad that short exchange made her.*
*But I didn't have any other choice.*
Shuuji: Ayachi-san.
*I visit Ayachi-san's desk as soon as I reach our classroom.*
Shuuji: So, are we going as soon as school is out?
Nene: Yes... That won't be a problem for you, will it?
Shuuji: No. I really appreciate how quickly you found something.
Shuuji: Though, I'm a little surprised that you'd call club off today for this.
Nene: I don't think this is something that should be postponed.
Nene: The matter being what it is.
*"I have several things to report regarding the current case. Could you spare some of your time after school today?"*
*That's what Ayachi-san said this morning.*
*"The current case."*
*This is obviously about Meguru's missing friend, Kizuki Chihoko.*
*I wasn't expecting much when I gave Ayachi-san the details, so I'm surprised she found something out so quickly...*
*I have no reason to turn her down if she says she has news.*
Shuuji: (...I want to help Meguru as soon as possible.)
*She never asked for my help with this.*
*So I know I'm sticking my nose where it doesn't belong.*
*But I can't just do nothing.*
*I don't know how I'd live with myself after hearing the full story.*
Shuuji: (......)
Shuuji: (Man... I've been changing more and more, lately.)
*At the very least, I wasn't this proactive before.*
*The old me would never have stepped in if there was a chance I might piss someone off. *
Shuuji: (......)
*I recall the bittersweet taste I sometimes experience when around Meguru.*
*Is that what's spurring me into action?*
*And if so... what's behind that taste?*
*―After school.*
*Ayachi-san and I leave the school together and make for the Schwarze Katze.*
*We made extra sure that nobody noticed us... especially Meguru.*
Nene: Maybe we could've talked in the clubroom since I told Inaba-san not to show up today.
Nene: But even if Inaba-san wouldn't be there, I didn't want anyone looking for help coming in and interrupting us.
*Meguru shouldn't be aware of this cafe, so there's no chance of her showing up here. Plus, we could ask Souma-san to make sure no one disturbs us.*
Nanao: Welcome―Oh, it's you guys.
Shuuji: It's been a while, Souma-san.
Nene: Nanao, can we have the table furthest from the entrance?
Nanao: There are no other guests here currently, so take whichever table you want.
Nanao: ...Seeing how you asked me that, I take it you have something important to discuss?
Nene: Yes, more or less.
Shuuji: Is Kariya off today?
Nanao: No, she's coming in later. You came over right after school, right? I can't rush my precious part-timer that much every time.
*Then I guess we had better finish our talk before she gets here.*
*Ayachi-san and I nod to each other, order our drinks and then sit down to begin our discussion right away.*
Shuuji: Okay, Ayachi-san. Since we've come all the way here to talk in private, I take it that...
Shuuji: You found Kizuki-san?
Nene: ...No.
Nene: I'll start with the outcome first... I'm sorry, but we still don't know where she is.
Shuuji: So then... you couldn't discover where she moved to? 
Nene: With Togakushi-senpai's help, we were also able to get in touch with the school Inaba-san and Kizuki-san attended together, but...
Nene: Well, let's start from the beginning. Someone Togakushi-senpai knows went to that school as well. One of their upperclassmen.
Nene: Fortunately, this person was the Student Council president of that school. With her help, we checked the information the school had on Kizuki-san and...
Nene: Just like you said, we couldn't find anything. Their records didn't mention where Kizuki-san moved to.
Shuuji: ...Is that even possible?
Nene: Normally it isn't. There should be records of the school transfer paperwork and such.
Nene: Even the teachers were confused. For reasons they didn't understand, the transfer seems to have happened off the record.
Shuuji: And... without that paperwork, it's not possible to track her down using that approach, huh?
*Meguru must have already looked into where her best friend suddenly disappeared to.*
*Yet she still doesn't know where her friend went. Now I understand why.*
Nene: ...Her family may have moved under unusual circumstances.
Nene: Circumstances that would've forced the school to process her transfer without the proper paperwork.
Shuuji: That honestly doesn't sound too good.
*When I think about what it could be... maybe they were running away from debt?*
*We have absolutely no information to go on though, so we can only speculate.*
Shuuji: Seems like it'll be hard to find out anything else without hiring a private detective or something.
Nene: ...Do you want to do that?
Shuuji: Only as a last resort. I don't want to do that if I don't have to.
Nene: Right. Who knows how much that would cost.
Shuuji: Hmm... This is a tough one. What to do...
Nene: ...Do you think it's critical that we locate Kizuki-san?
Shuuji: Meguru's trauma, or whatever it is, most definitely stems from what happened with Kizuki-san.
Shuuji: The one and only friend she had opened her heart to just up and vanished one day, and Meguru suspects that it's her fault.
Nene: And because she had to go through that, she's now afraid of getting especially close to anyone. Is that it?
Shuuji: Yeah... Which is why I figured I that if I could bring them together again and have them make up, everything would be resolved.
Shuuji: But even if things didn't go that well, we've only been hearing Meguru's side of things. It's possible that Kizuki-san sees things very differently.
Nene: You're right. At the very least, Kizuki-san moving away might not actually be Inaba-san's fault like she thinks it is.
Nene: We could have simply asked her about that if we had been able to get in touch with her...
Shuuji: I wonder where Kizuki-san is and what she's up to right now...
Nanao: Um, excuse me?
*Before we knew it, Souma-san arrived at our table with our drinks.*
Nene: Oh, the drinks we ordered will go cold at this rate. It's okay, Souma-san. We've reached a good pausing point.
Shuuji: Oh, crap. I completely forgot about our drinks... Sorry for making you wait.
Nanao: No, it's me who should apologize since I overheard your conversation. But the thing is...
Shuuji: Oh, it's okay if you know.
Nanao: ...Did this Kizuki person you're talking about use to live somewhere in the area?
Shuuji: Huh? Well... I would think so.
*She used to attend the same school as Meguru, and the two of them visited each other's homes all the time.*
*That wouldn't have been easy if she lived far away.*
Nanao: She's one year younger than you are? And the name is... Chihoko?
Shuuji: ...Exactly.
Nene: Nanao. Do you know her...?
Nanao: I have never met her personally.
Nanao: However... I've heard about her several years ago. Moreover, I know someone who was deeply involved with her.
Nanao: She might actually know where she is now.
Shuuji: Wh-Who?!
Nanao: Someone you have seen once before. A strange little girl who ordered iced milk... Sound familiar?
Shuuji: ......
Little Girl: "Milk it shall be."
Shuuji: Ah! That weird kid!
Nene: ...What weird kid?
Shuuji: Some little girl who came in. She has an oddly sophisticated way of talking, like someone from the last century.
Nene: Oh... That certainly does sound weird... Huh.
Shuuji: That girl knows where Kizuki-san is?!
Nanao: Calm down. I said she MIGHT know.
Nanao: And even if she does, that doesn't mean she'll actually tell you.
Shuuji: ...Why wouldn't she?
Nanao: That's just how it is. We don't reveal these things. So please don't get your hopes up too much.
Nene: "We"? Nanao, don't tell me...
Nanao: Yeah. She... Akagi is like me. An alp that makes contracts with witches.
*That girl is an alp like Souma-san?!*
*So she's actually an animal. She's not just an old-fashioned girl, but an old-fashioned furry... Wait, what the hell am I thinking?! *
Nanao: As fellow alps, we're rivals when it comes to fragment gathering.
Nanao: Some not-so-great stuff happened in the past, so now we tend be tight-lipped around each other when it comes to our contractors.
Nanao: So with all that said, I can't ask her about it, and I wouldn't know where to find her either. But...
Shuuji: ...Ayachi-san.
Nene: Yes.
Nene: Her current witch is most certainly―
Shuuji: ―Shiiba-san! She's in the same club as us!
================================================================================
*The matter of Meguru's friend had been heavily weighing on her.*
*It was the main reason for why she found it difficult to get especially close to anyone.*
*But after many trials and tribulations, we were finally able to help her overcome her emotional roadblocks.*
*Which is why I thought we'd be able to retrieve fragments now, but... *
Tsumugi: H-How's it look for you, Ayachi-san?
Nene: ...No response.
Tsumugi: Same here. So I wasn't mistaken...
Shuuji: ...Hmm.
*It's now lunch break. Two witches and I are tilting our heads in puzzlement.*
*This morning, we secretly checked the state of Meguru's heart, and...*
Nene: I never even considered that retrieval wouldn't be possible...
Tsumugi: Yeah, I thought she would be fine now too.
Tsumugi: I know the heart can be real complicated, but... something is weird about this case.
Shuuji: Do you think Kizuki-san is still weighing on her mind or something?
Tsumugi: She may have learned how her best friend felt about her, but that still doesn't change how she'll never see her again.
Tsumugi: So I guess it's possible that's weighing on her, but...
Nene: ...I feel like it's more likely something else.
Shuuji: Like what?
Nene: Like there being something else that's worrying her.
Nene: We resolved the matter with Kizuki-san yesterday, but that doesn't mean there's not something else entirely that's bothering her.
Tsumugi: If so, then it would be a net zero, or maybe a minus, making fragment collection impossible. Yeah, that seems more likely.
Nene: It's even possible that this other worry has just become much deeper for her.
Nene: Normally, when fragment collection is possible, a specific emotion has grown much stronger than all the others, throwing the heart into a state of unbalance.
Shuuji: Oh, yeah. Shattering those excess emotions and collecting them is what brings the heart into balance.
Shuuji: So, if that's not what's happening here, then...
Tsumugi: Instead of being happy about resolving the Kizuki-san situation, another concern has risen up in her mind.
Shuuji: Yeah. Essentially, this experience could have resulted in a net zero like you said.
*That would explain why retrieval isn't possible yet.*
Nene: This fragility of the human heart is what makes it such a difficult thing to maintain.
Shuuji: Okay, but what could be bothering her again?
Tsumugi: Yeah, that's the big question.
Shuuji: I mean, on the way home yesterday...
Meguru: Thank you so much!
Meguru: This is so refreshing. This is such a weight off my shoulders.
Akagi: All thanks to me, of course.
Tsumugi: Geez, don't be like that, Akagi!
Shuuji: Good for you. Really, I'm happy for you.
Meguru: But, haha, you all surprised me. And not just the stuff about magic and Nene-senpai and Tsumugi-senpai being witches.
Meguru: I never expected you to actually look into Chi-chan...
Meguru: But then you even found out that she was a witch too, who was contracted to an... "alp," was it?
Shuuji: Well, that was thanks to Ayachi-san and Shiiba-san.
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: I'm sorry. I told them about it, even after you asked me to keep it a secret.
Meguru: Well, that's okay...
Meguru: I learned about Chi-chan thanks to that.
Shuuji: Yeah. I really wanted to do something about it for you.
Shuuji: It seemed to me like what happened with Kizuki-san had been weighing on your mind all this time.
Shuuji: And since you told me about it... I felt like I had to do something.
Meguru: It hasn't changed how I won't be able to see Chi-chan again, but...
Meguru: I'm fine now. Thanks to you, I now know how Chi-chan really felt about me.
Meguru: That she had been holding me dear...
Shuuji: Yeah, I'm really happy for you.
Meguru: ......
Meguru: Besides, you...
Shuuji: Hm? What about me?
Meguru: Ah?!
Meguru: Oh, come on! Stop staring at me like that! You super perv!
Shuuji: What?! You're starting with that NOW?!
Meguru: You bet I am! It's not like you've changed at all!
Shuuji: Kh... W-Well, I can't deny that.
Meguru: Ahaha! You have such a stupid look on your face!
Meguru: Nene-senpai! Did you see the look on Hoshina-senpai's face just now?
Nene: Mmph! Y-Yes, I saw it... But more importantly, it's a little hard to breathe, Inaba-san!
Touko: Ah, so peaceful... Mufufu♪
Shuuji: ...She was smiling so cheerfully.
Tsumugi: Yeah, and yet...
Nene: There's something else worrying her... What could it be?
Shuuji: Whoa!
*The clubroom door suddenly rattles, causing my heart to skip a beat.*
*Crap, is it Meguru? No, wait...*
Touko: Huh? Is no one there?
Shuuji: Oh, it's you, Togakushi-senpai! I'm sorry! I'll open the door now!
Touko: Ohh, so you really were here. I thought you might be. Looks like I hit the jackpot.
Touko: So, what have you been doing here with the door locked? And without Inaba-san, even.
Shuuji: Well, err... Oh right! Maybe you could help us?
Touko: With what?
Tsumugi: We were talking about how it seems like there's something else bothering Meguru-chan.
Nene: But none of us has any idea of what it could be...
Touko: Hmm... You're all pretty dense, aren't you? It seems obvious to me.
Shuuji: ...Wait, do you know what it is?
Touko: Hmm, well, I have a hunch...
Shuuji: Yeah? What do you think it is? I'd like to help her.
Touko: *stare*
Shuuji: ...? Umm... Togakushi-senpai?
Touko: Mufufu. You're mistaken if you think I'm the kind of gentle woman who will babysit you through this.
Touko: Okay, now. Go ahead with your discussions, little ones. Please don't mind me.
Shuuji: So... you're really not gonna tell us, huh?
Touko: It would ruin things if I told you. Don't worry. I know you can do it, Hoshina-kun♪
Nene, Tsumugi: Ruin what??
Touko: Wow, you really are dense... Not that I didn't know that.
*Following that, Togakushi-senpai simply sat there sitting with a smile on her face.*
*The three of us, on the other hand, didn't get anywhere. In the end, we decided to give up for now and return to our classroom.*
Meguru: Hrm...
Hideaki: Huh? Oh, if it isn't Inaba-san. What're you doing by the door?
Meguru: ?! Ah, well...!
Wakana: Looking for Hoshina and the others? Those three left the classroom together as soon as our lunch break began.
Meguru: I-I see... Thank you.
Meguru: %76;So the three of them have gone somewhere together again...
Hideaki: Mhm... Oh, hey, Inaba-san. They're back.
Shuuji: Oh. You've come to visit us, Meguru?
Meguru: ......
Meguru: What else would I be here for?
Nene, Tsumugi, Shuuji: ......
Tsumugi: (I-Is it me, or is Meguru-chan kinda in a bad mood?)
Nene: (Do you think it's because of whatever's bothering her?)
Shuuji: (Must be. Then...)
Shuuji: W-Well, we should all sit.
Tsumugi: Y-Yeah, right. I'll join some desks together.
Meguru: ...Thank you.
*Meguru bows her head as she thanks Shiiba-san, then sits down. *
Shuuji: ......
*Except for some reason, she sat down at the desk right next to mine instead of the one Shiiba-san set aside for her.*
Tsumugi: H-Huh? You're sitting there?
Meguru: ...Something wrong with that?
Tsumugi: No! It's not a problem or anything!
Meguru: Then I'll sit here, thanks.
Nene: ......
Shuuji: So, uh...
Shuuji: Meguru, how'd it go the other day?
Meguru: What do you mean?
Shuuji: Well, you know... the day before yesterday when―
Meguru: Aren't you guys gonna sit down?
Shuuji: Ah, r-right. I'll sit down.
Tsumugi: Yeah, me too!
Nene: As will I.
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: ......
Nene, Tsumugi: ......
*...And so, silence descends upon us.*
*Meguru is just sitting next to me, showing no sign of budging or saying anything.*
Tsumugi: (Huh? What's going on?)
Nene: (Sorry, but I don't have a clue...)
Shuuji: (Well, it's clear that she's mad about something...)
Meguru: Stop communicating with eye contact, you three.
Nene, Tsumugi, Shuuji: Okay, sorry!
Meguru: ......
Nene, Tsumugi, Shuuji: ......
Wakana: Hey, what are you guys doing over there?
*That's what I'd like to know.*
*What the heck is Meguru's deal?*
*And then, after school...*
Meguru: ......
Nene: (Inaba-san still seems upset...)
Shuuji: (Yeah... She isn't joining our conversation at all.)
Tsumugi: (T-Togakushi-senpai, will you still not tell us anything?)
Touko: Mufufu♪
*It seems she has no intention of telling us at all. She's just smiling to herself.*
Nene: ......
Nene: Umm, Inaba-san.
Meguru: Yeah, what is it?
Nene: Umm, well...
Nene: If there is something on your mind that is worrying you, maybe I could listen and help.
*Oh, snap. She actually went and said it. Way to go, Ayachi-san!*
*However...*
Meguru: ......
Meguru: Nene-senpai.
Nene: Yes, please go ahead.
Nene: Oh, but would you like me to ask the others to leave first? I'd be happy to if this is something you'd rather talk about alone.
Meguru: Nene-senpai, who are you thinking about right now?
Nene: ...Come again?
*She responded with a question?! What did she even mean by that?*
Nene: R-Right now, I'm thinking about you, of course...
Meguru: ...Really?
Meguru: I'm acting kinda strange, aren't I?
Nene: Y-Yes. It would make me happy if you told me about that.
Meguru: ......
Meguru: Nene-senpai, do I have your support?
Nene: What? O-Of course you do.
Meguru: ......
Nene: You have my support. I wish you all the best, and I want to help you if I can.
Nene: You've been acting strange throughout the whole day, and I couldn't stop worrying about it. So, I'd like to help you with what's bothering you.
Meguru: Actually...
Meguru: This subject is extra hard to talk about with you, Nene-senpai.
Nene: Huh...?
Meguru: ......
Meguru: ...Wh-What am I even saying?! I've just been making everything awkward, haven't I? I'm sorry!
Nene: Ah, no, that's okay.
Meguru: But...
*Having come back to her senses, Meguru lifts her head and looks around the room.*
*And since I've been looking at her, our eyes to meet.*
Meguru: Ah...
*Anxiety washes over me and I experience the pain of a thousand needles pricking me all over.*
*But accompanying that is the slightest tinge of bittersweetness.*
Shuuji: Meguru...
Meguru: ~~~!
Meguru: I-I'll go get myself a drink and try to calm down!
Nene: Ah, Inaba-san!
Shuuji: ......
*I stand up from my seat without thinking.*
Shuuji: I'll go after her.
Nene: O-Okay!
Tsumugi: Take care of her, Hoshina-kun!
Touko: Ahh, adolescence at its best♪
Shuuji: Meguru!
Meguru: Ah...
*She must've been walking pretty fast. I didn't manage to catch up to her until we reached the courtyard.*
*School is out, but there still people here and there taking a break from their clubs or chatting with their friends.*
*But I couldn't care less about any of that. Right now, Meguru takes priority.*
Shuuji: Phew. I finally caught up to you.
Meguru: Wh-Why did you chase after me, Senpai?!
*Ah, it hurts. It hurts so much.*
*In addition to the pain and anxiety, I can now sense a conflicted feeling, as well a strong spicy taste.*
*Is this... anger? Meguru is mad at me...*
Shuuji: ...Hey, Meguru.
Meguru: Wh-What is it?
Shuuji: Again, um... I'm sorry.
Meguru: ...Huh?
Shuuji: You're mad at me, aren't you?
Shuuji: You said it was okay yesterday, but... are you still upset about how I told Ayachi-san and the others even though I promised not to?
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: ...Hm?
*Following my question, the sharp pain intensifies.*
*The spiciness in my mouth also... No, wait! This isn't spiciness!*
*Even my tongue feels like it's being pricked with needles. I mistook that for spiciness.*
*The taste itself is actually more sour... I know what this is.*
Shuuji: (It's the taste of worry and uneasiness...)
*And as for this stinging pain, I have no doubt what it is.*
*It happened right when I mentioned Ayachi-san.*
Meguru: I-I said that I don't mind...
Meguru: More importantly...
Shuuji: ...Say, Meguru.
Meguru: Ah! Wh-What?!
Shuuji: Are you jealous? Have you been jealous lately because I've been only talking with Ayachi-san and the others?
Meguru: ―――?!?!
*Whoa?! Hot hot hot! An incredible heat washes over me.*
*This stems from severe embarrassment. Looks like I nailed it.*
Shuuji: Hah... Hahaha.
*I can't control my laughter at the realization.*
*The heat hasn't left, but it feels oddly comfortable now, allowing me to relax.*
Shuuji: Really... You've been jealous? Hahaha. I see...
Meguru: Wha?! Er, but! Aaah!
Meguru: What are you saying?!
Shuuji: Of course you would be. Why haven't I noticed until now?
Shuuji: Thinking back on it, you would always get huffy whenever I left you to go somewhere with Ayachi-san and the others.
Meguru: ―――! Wh-What are you talking about?!
*Genuine anger is finally entering my mouth, but right now, even that spicy taste is pleasant to me.*
*It's rich, with a hint of sweetness and umami... Man, why does Meguru always have the tastiest emotions?*
*That bittersweet taste is delicious as well.*
*Is it because all her emotions always come with a hint of sweetness?*
*Basically, this means...*
Shuuji: So I'm the one you've wanted to spend time with? If so, wow... That would make me really happy.
Meguru: ~~~~!
Meguru: I can't believe it! You're the worst! How dare you make up this stuff about me?! Get real!
Shuuji: H-Hey, Meguru?!
*She storms away in a huff.*
*...Maybe I went a little overboard there.*
*Though, her emotions were still slightly sweet when she left.*
*Her emotions are so delicious that my heart races at the slightest taste of them.*
*I really want to taste more of them.*
Shuuji: ......
*...But why do I?*
*My own emotions are now the biggest mystery...*
Meguru: ......
Meguru: Nn... GAAAAAHHHH!!
*What the hell is his problem?! What did he think he was doing?!*
*Where does he get off claiming that I'm jealous? And then he laughed at me!*
Meguru: Does he think he's some kind of ladies' man?!
*I shout out my frustrations into the empty air. But that fails to quell the racing of my heart or to dampen the rising temperature in my face.*
*What's my problem, anyway? I couldn't say anything in return, and I ended up running away blushing.*
Meguru: Of course I'm not jealous...
*There's no way I would be.*
*He can go and talk to Nene-senpai and Tsumugi-senpai all he wants.*
*I mean, sure, I get a little uncomfortable when he does... And I worry that he finds Nene-senpai more attractive than me, but that's all... *
Meguru: ...?
*Wait a minute... *
*I also keep thinking stuff like, "Why her, and not me?"*
*And I always wonder if he treats Nene-senpai as nicely as he does me.*
*Also, earlier...*
Meguru: "Nene-senpai, do I have your support?"
*I sorta asked that without thinking...*
Meguru: (That wasn't a real question. That was like what I told Nene-senpai about some time ago...)
Meguru: (That girls will always first check if Nene-senpai is after the same guy before consulting her...)
Meguru: (That they'll twist the situation to make her support them.)
*This actually is...*
Meguru: ......
Meguru: Jealousy.
Meguru: ~~~~!!
================================================================================
Shuuji: ......?
*The weekend went by, and it's now Monday. I'm on my way to school, when...*
Shuuji: Ugh. What the...?
Wakana: Good morning, Hoshina.
Wakana: Huh? Why the grim look?
Shuuji: Er... It's nothing.
*...This isn't my imagination, is it? There are these gazes stabbing me every now and then.*
*Now that I look around, I'm finally noticing the occasional glances of jealousy directed my way as I walk down the hallway.*
*And to make matters worse, I'm getting a headache too.*
Shuuji: (Wh-What's this about?)
Hideaki: Morning.
Hideaki: Hey, Shuuji. What's going on?
Shuuji: Wh-What do you mean?
Hideaki: I heard a rumor about you on my way to class.
Wakana: ...What about?
Hideaki: That you're supposedly making out with all the girls in the OC.
Shuuji: ......
Wakana: Huh? Hoshina is?
Hideaki: That's what they say.
Shuuji: What the hell? Of course I'm not!
Hideaki: Figured. You're not man enough to.
Wakana: Yeah, this is Hoshina we're talking about. That's downright impossible for him. He's a chicken who avoids conflict at all costs, and he's also a real weirdo at times.
Hideaki: Even if he did try to make a move on a girl, he'd receive an elbow to the face, and that'd be that. That guy is a 100\% certified loser!
Shuuji: ...Great. Now I'm depressed.
*At least it's nice to know that I have friends who wouldn't believe a rumor like that for a second.*
*Especially since, regardless of what the two of them are saying, gazes continue to stab me. *
Wakana: So, why's a rumor like that circulating when it's so obvious that Hoshina would never do that?
Hideaki: Well, not everyone knows what Shuuji is really like.
Hideaki: Seems like it's been making the rounds since after school last Friday. They say he had a crazy fight or some kind of lovers' spat with a first-year girl in the courtyard.
Shuuji: ......
Wakana: They say he had a fight? With a first-year girl? You mean like, Inaba-san?
Hideaki: More than a few people say they saw it happen. Ring any bells, Shuuji?
Shuuji: Well... It's true that I had a bit of an argument with Meguru in the courtyard on Friday...
*And, true enough, there were plenty of other students around.*
*I suppose that could've looked like a lover's spat to anyone who isn't familiar with us. I mean, Meguru's face was beet red...*
Shuuji: At the very least, I can tell you that it had nothing to do with anything love related.
Hideaki: Well, no shit.
Shuuji: Why's this rumor gaining traction, anyway?
Hideaki: Good question. I mean, you both look like and actually are a plain but eccentric guy. Doubt you're very well-known in this school.
Shuuji: You sure don't mince words... But yeah, you're not wrong.
Wakana: Hmm... I think I would disagree. Maybe what you said was true as of a month ago, but I'm not so sure about now.
Shuuji: Huh?
Wakana: Have you two forgotten? We all played in front of a big crowd at the Halloween Party.
Shuuji: ...Ah!
Wakana: And even if we weren't happy with our own performance, the crowd really loved it thanks to Ayachi-san's singing.
Wakana: I'm sure he's better-known now since everyone was probably like, "Who's this guy who managed to get in a band with THE Ayachi-san?"
Hideaki: You think? It's not like girls have been paying more attention to me since then.
Wakana: Maybe not, but you've become known at least a little bit. Like, "Oh! It's the guy who was in a band with Ayachi-san!"
Wakana: I know for me, girls from other classes have been approaching me more lately asking about playing the guitar.
Hideaki: This is discrimination! Nothing like that is happening for me!
Shuuji: Well, that's 'cause you're Kaidou.
Wakana: Yep, totally.
Hideaki: Damn, I deserved that. But you didn't have to join in, Wakana-chan!
Hideaki: But I see. I guess that explains the situation a little.
Wakana: Yeah. It might be a good idea to find out the details later.
Shuuji: Sorry, but I still don't get it. Why are people taking this rumor seriously?
Hideaki: Well, you really have played in a band with Ayachi-san and are even in the same club as her, which falls in line with the rumor, right?
Wakana: And you also chat and walk around with her pretty often. But the cherry on top is that Togakushi-senpai, who is just as popular as Ayachi-san, has also been at the club a lot lately.
Hideaki: Not to mention Inaba-san and Shiiba-san.
Hideaki: So it wouldn't be too crazy to assume that you're a lucky bastard who's keeping a harem of hotties all to himself. Actually, even I'm jealous! What did you do to deserve that heaven?!
Wakana: So, yeah. Point being, being the target of jealousy, odd looks and false rumors isn't too strange, given the situation.
Wakana: But then to top it off, you actually had an argument....Oh, by the way, is everything alright between you two? 
Shuuji: Y-Yeah...
*I've been a little concerned about that, actually.*
*There was sweetness mixed in with her emotions, but I still very obviously upset her. She didn't come back to the clubroom after that, either.*
*I was hoping to maybe talk to her when we saw each other at school today.*
Tsumugi: ...Yeah, that rumor seems to be getting around.
Tsumugi: But it's just a misunderstanding, so I'm sure everyone will forget about it soon if we leave it be.
Nene: I agree. I'll also tell anyone who asks me that it's a misunderstanding.
Shuuji: Thanks, it makes me feel better to hear you say that. Hopefully it'll go away if we leave it be.
Shuuji: So yeah, let's go with the wait and see approach for now.
Tsumugi: Okay, got it.
Nene: Very well. But... Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Hm?
Nene: Umm... Won't it be painful for you until the rumors die down?
Tsumugi: Oh, yeah. You told me about that. You have that... condition, don't you?
Shuuji: Yeah, I guess...
*I've been desperately trying to hide my pain, but these two know about my condition, so there's no point in hiding it from them.*
Shuuji: It's actually pretty rough, even now. I'm guessing that's probably because I'm talking to you...
*People have been almost literally staring daggers into me for the past while.*
*There aren't all that many of them, but with the rumor being what it is, each and every stare is intense and sharp.*
*And there are other emotions being mixed in as well...*
Nene: I-I'm sorry. Of course it would be. Okay, we're done talking now, so we'll go back to our seats.
Tsumugi: H-Hang in there!
Shuuji: Yeah. And sorry for getting you mixed up in this stupid rumor.
*The two of them return to their seats, but the gazes linger on.*
Shuuji: (How weird... This is jealousy too, but it's so different from what I felt the other day...)
*Meguru's jealousy was pleasant and delicious, but this stabbing jealousy right now is excruciating.*
*Ugh, I think I'm getting sick...*
Shuuji: *sigh*
*By lunch break, I reached the limit of my pain tolerance and had to flee to the clubroom, where I could be by myself.*
*Ayachi-san had slipped me the key and then went to the school cafeteria with the other club members.*
*It's better for us not to be together, and she knows how badly I want to avoid everyone's staring.*
Shuuji: Besides... *sigh* The last thing I want right now is everyone tip-toeing around me and constantly asking if I'm okay.
*Thankfully, Ayachi-san and Shiiba-san understood as much and decided to help me out this way.*
*I really appreciate that. I need to make the most out of the peace and quiet they gave me by recovering as best I can.*
Shuuji: *sigh* I was really hoping I could see Meguru and talk to her, though...
*Well, there's always later.*
*I'm sure Ayachi-san will explain things to her somehow.*
Shuuji: I wonder if she's still angry about what happened on Friday, though. Meguru...
Shuuji: ...Hm?
*Is it me, or does it sound like someone's running down the hallway toward this room?*
Meguru: Senpai!
Shuuji: Wha?
*M-Meguru? What's she doing here?*
Meguru: Nene-senpai told me everything! So I just had to come and apologize right away!
Shuuji: Oh, uh... What?
Meguru: I'm so sorry! Everyone's spreading rumors and looking at you like you're a bad guy, and it's all my fault!
Shuuji: N-No, that's not something you need to―
Meguru: But, but! It really looks like it's taking its toll on you! It's obvious how depressed you are!
Shuuji: I-I can't deny that I'm not feeling 100\% right now, but...
Meguru: Ah, I'm sorry! I'm so sorry, Senpai!
Shuuji: ......
*Her anger from Friday has completely vanished.*
*The concern Meguru is expressing right now comes from the bottom of her heart.*
*I don't need to use my ability to tell me that. She's even tearing up a little.*
Shuuji: L-Look, I'm really okay. I should be the one apologizing to you.
Meguru: What do you have to apologize for?!
Shuuji: This never would've happened if I never upset you in the first place.
Shuuji: And besides, you're just as much of victim here as I am.
Meguru: I can brush off that stupid rumor and ignore it. I mean, I'm used to getting the cold shoulder.
Meguru: But you look seriously depressed... You even seem kinda weak and in pain.
Shuuji: I think you're kinda off the mark there.
*I'm just as capable of ignoring silly rumors as she is.*
*It's the looks of jealousy that are the serious problem for me.*
*So she doesn't have to worry about my emotional well-being or anything. I'll be okay once this is all over.*
*But there's no way for me to explain this without also explaining my strange power.*
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: Umm... So...
*We already told her about magic and witches the other day.*
*But still... Revealing my ability to her is a whole different matter.*
*I've been hiding it this whole time, so I get a little anxious whenever I think about revealing it.*
Shuuji: (I'm a weirdo who can perceive people's emotions through my five senses...)
*I'm afraid that she would find that creepy and would distance herself from me.*
*And I'd rather not tell her if that's what doing so would lead to.*
Meguru: A-Anyway, make sure you eat lunch and cheer up, okay?
Meguru: Oh, but... You said you're feeling sick... What now?
Meguru: W-Would you like me to rub your back? Or do you need something to drink? I'll make a dash for the vending machines and get you something!
Shuuji: ......
*I don't get it...*
*I was afraid to reveal my ability to her, and everyone else's overbearing kindness felt exhausting.*
*But seeing Meguru genuinely worrying about me right now is strangely calming.*
Shuuji: ...Meguru.
Meguru: At your service! What do you want me to do?
Shuuji: There's something I'd like to tell you.
*I've made up my mind.*
*This is something I want her to know.*
Shuuji: I want you to tell you something I've been keeping secret.
Shuuji: So... Could I have some of your time after school today?
*My sudden question startles Meguru.*
*But she understands the importance of it. *
*Meguru answers with a nod right away.*
*With school over for the day, Meguru and I leave the school together. It's been a while since that last happened.*
Meguru: I-I would like to visit your place again, if that's okay.
*I was considering going down that one alley and talking at the usual spot, but then Meguru asked that.*
*Doing this at my place works for me, though.*
*We then head for my room, where I explain to her everything about my ability.*
*She listens attentively without saying a word the whole time.*
Shuuji: ...So yeah, that's about it.
*With my explanation now finished, I finally raise my eyes.*
*I found it too difficult to look at her face while I was speaking.*
*While I did resolve myself to tell her, I was still afraid of her reaction.*
*But now that I told her everything, I have no choice but to steel myself and face her head-on.*
*I'm ready for her reaction, no matter what it might be.*
Shuuji: Meguru...
Meguru: *sniff*
Shuuji: ...Huh?
*The sight I find upon raising my head startles me.*
*Meguru is neither surprised, creeped out nor doubting of me. Instead, she's tearing up, as if wracked by grief.*
Shuuji: M-Meguru?
Meguru: That's what you've been going through?
Meguru: You've been suffering this whole time.
Meguru: I had no idea... I didn't know you were going through such pain every day. Senpai... *sniff*
Shuuji: ......
*Far from doubting me, she has believed every word of my story and is empathizing greatly for me.*
*I really thought that, even if she did believe me, she'd be at least a little put off by the fact that I've been reading her emotions this whole time.*
Meguru: I must have been putting you through so much pain... Today, and even before then.
Meguru: I'm so sorry, Senpai...
*...Meguru is incredibly remorseful.*
*A burning heat wells up in my chest.*
*My heart starts racing, and the heat spreads through the rest of my body, eventually reaching my head as well.*
Shuuji: Y-Your emotions have never felt painful to me! 
*I start talking in a daze.*
Meguru: S-Senpai...
Shuuji: Your emotions actually always make me happy and warm my heart.
Shuuji: That even happened when you came here. When I was by myself, I felt like crap. But then I started feeling better the moment you showed up.
Meguru: Oh... Ah, aw, aah...
Shuuji: And, I don't know why, but they're always so tasty to me. There's always sweetness in the mix, no matter the emotion. Sometimes I crave it so badly that I get carried away.
Shuuji: That why on Friday I said that―
Meguru: Ah!
Shuuji: Oh...
*Lost in the conversation, I failed to realize Meguru's widened eyes and bright-red face.*
*Dammit, I panicked. What was I rambling on about?!*
*Oh, god. I want to crawl in a hole and die.*
*But then...*
Meguru: ...Senpai!
Shuuji: Huh...?
*A smile slowly spreads across Meguru's face.*
*Meguru approaches me. This time it's my turn to go wide-eyed and freeze up.*
Shuuji: ?!?!?!
*It's so warm and soft...*
*I find myself bewildered at the sudden sensation pressing against my face.*
*What is this? What's going on?*
*Did Meguru... embrace me and press my head against her chest?*
Meguru: Th-Then go ahead and... take in that taste some more.
*Meguru's bashful whispers come with a hint of nervousness.*
*But overpowering that is their gentleness and sincerity.*
Shuuji: M-Meguru...
Meguru: I'm here for you, Senpai...
Shuuji: ......
*Ah... This is amazing...*
*That bittersweet emotion I've been sensing from Meguru, together with her warmth and the softness of her body, permeates every fiber of my being.*
*No, there's much more than that bittersweetness this time.*
*I'm blanketed in all sorts of sensations, sounds, smells and tastes. And each one of them feels so very pleasant.*
Shuuji: Haah...
*My mind is nothing but a blurry haze at this point.*
*It's almost as if I'm taking in the entirety of Meguru's rich and vibrant being.*
Meguru: ......
Meguru: O-Oh gosh, I'm doing something pretty crazy here.
Meguru: Wh-What am I thinking?! Sorry, Senpai. I'll let go and―
Shuuji: No. Please don't let go...
Meguru: Huh?
Shuuji: I'm so happy right now...
Meguru: Ah... Ah...
Meguru: O-Okay!
*She presses me against her chest even more.*
*Engulfed by the sensation of Meguru and her emotions, I can't help but let out a relaxed sigh again.*
Meguru: Senpai... That sigh just now... You really...
Meguru: You really can read my feelings, can't you?
Meguru: I'm happy too...
Meguru: I never realized I felt this way until now.
Shuuji: Yeah, I'm entranced... This feels wonderful...
Meguru: ......
Meguru: I-I'm happy to hear that.
Meguru: If you like these emotions of mine, then enjoy them as much as you want...
*Her warm sweetness wraps around and gently coddles me.*
*And a smell that makes my chest tighten grows much more intense.*
*This is not a smell representing an emotion. It's an actual smell.*
*The smell coming from Meguru. The smell of a girl...*
Shuuji: (I should've expected this. I mean, she's burying my face in her chest...)
Meguru: U-Umm, I'm sorry. Maybe it would feel better if my boobs were bigger. Just kidding...
Shuuji: You might be on to something...
Meguru: Who asked you?!
Shuuji: B-But well, breasts are breasts.
Meguru: How's that s'posed to make me feel better?! What's your problem? You picking a fight with me?!
Shuuji: ...I'm sorry for always teasing you like that.
Meguru: Uh...
Shuuji: And thank you for doing this for me.
Meguru: N-No, um, well...
Meguru: I-It's you, after all.
Meguru: I know...
Meguru: I've... realized it... now...
*We remain like this for a while without talking...*
*With my ear pressed up against Meguru's rapidly beating heart.*
*I have a feeling that the beating of her heart will echo in my mind for long after we part.*
Meguru: *sigh*
Meguru: I can't believe I did that... I wasn't thinking.
Meguru: Oh my god, that was so embarrassing...
Meguru: I don't know how I'll ever face Senpai tomorrow.
Meguru: But, I've realized now...
Meguru: It's obvious now... Senpai, I've realized it, you know?
Meguru: ...I love you.
Meguru: Aaah! I love you. Senpai, I love you! Oh my god, what do I do?! I am so head over heels for you!
Meguru: Hehe... I must look like a crazy person right now.
Meguru: This is unbearably embarrassing, but I can't stop smiling...
Meguru: Can't tomorrow come faster? I want a fresh start so I can do this right! Senpai said that he was happy too!
Meguru: Aaah, I can't stop myself from running! The rumor has basically come true now, huh? Well, that's fine by me! Bring it on!!
================================================================================
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: "No. Please don't let go..."
Shuuji: ~~~?!
*Looking back on yesterday's events, my face is burning up all over again.*
Shuuji: W-Wow, thinking about it, things got pretty crazy yesterday, huh?
*I mean, Meguru hugged me! And when she was about to let go, I asked her not to!*
*She may have been the one who started it, but still...*
Meguru: "If you like these emotions of mine, then enjoy them as much as you want..."
Shuuji: Hnn...
*It's true that was embarrassing, but...*
*When I remember how her emotions felt, and how SHE felt, I get so happy that my chest hurts. It's almost too much to bear.*
Shuuji: Man, what a trip...
*I've already forgotten the heat in my face and am now absently gazing up at the ceiling.*
Shuuji: I'm... glad I have this ability...
*I wouldn't have been able to enjoy her emotions otherwise.*
*I want to taste them more...*
*And Meguru said I could enjoy them as much as I want...*
Shuuji: *sigh*
Shuuji: Wait, what did I just say?!
*I come back to my senses utterly bewildered at myself.*
*Did I just say I was happy to have my ability?! I have never thought that once in my life before!*
*It's been nothing but a nuisance for my entire life, and I've always wished I didn't have it...*
*But it's only because I had that ability I could perceive Meguru's emotions...*
Shuuji: ......
Taichi: Hey, you alright? What're you yelling about in there?
Shuuji: N-Nothing! Forget I did that!
*A-Anyway, I need to get ready for school.*
*And there, I'll be able to see Meguru...*
*And then...*
Shuuji: %130;Oh noooo!
Taichi: Hey, what's going on with you? Going through a rebellious phase? NOW?! You're a bit old for that!
*But the problem is...*
*While I can read emotions, I can't exactly read thoughts. So...*
Meguru: Coming in... S-Senpai!
Shuuji: Uhh... Y-Yeah. Hi there.
Meguru: Hehehe... I-I've come over...
Shuuji: Right...
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Oh, r-right! Don't you want to say hi to Ayachi-san and Shiiba-san too? I think they would like that.
Meguru: Y-Yeah, right.
Meguru: Nene-senpai, Tsumugi-senpai, helloha!
Tsumugi: Ahaha. Helloha.
Nene: Hello.
Meguru: I-I greeted them, Senpai.
Shuuji: Yup, you sure did. So...
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: ......
*Oh crap. I'm acting so awkward right now.*
*To put it bluntly, I am hyper-fixated on Meguru.*
*What's on her mind? What is she thinking about? I'm too worried about that stuff to start a proper conversation.*
Shuuji: (And I also keep inadvertently glancing at you-know-what. Just yesterday, my face was buried there...)
Meguru: Ah...!
Meguru: (Ah, wh-what now?! I was already awkward enough before!)
Meguru: (Seeing Senpai's face was enough to remind me of yesterday... But then, S-Senpai...)
Meguru: (H-He looked at my breasts just now, didn't he? That means he's also thinking about yesterday, right?)
Meguru: (Aaah... I'm happy about that, but it's still so embarrassing! I don't know what to do anymore!)
Meguru: (What is wrong with me? I wanted to see him so badly, so why can't I even talk to him?!)
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: ......
Wakana: ...Is sitting around in silence you guys' new hobby or something?
Meguru, Shuuji: ?!
*The both of us jerk up as Kariya suddenly addresses us.*
Wakana: Do you realize how creepy you look when you're facing each other without saying a single word?
Hideaki: And you guys, don't you care about that rumor?
Shuuji: Huh? Ah...
*Honestly, I had completely forgotten about it until he mentioned it.*
*For some reason, none of the jealous looks I'm getting today bother me.*
Meguru: W-Well, it's not like we ever actually fought or anything!
Meguru: It's better to show everyone that we're getting along great. That's why I came here.
Shuuji: (Huh? That's why she's here?!)
Meguru: (Ahhh! Now Senpai is gonna be like, "Wait, really?" and brush this off!)
Shuuji: (Oh... Have I been worried over nothing?)
Meguru: (Great, Senpai was thinking about yesterday, and I just ruined it...)
Shuuji: (But... Isn't what happened yesterday on Meguru's mind at all?)
Meguru: (But... Why isn't he saying anything? I mean, yesterday got pretty crazy.)
Hideaki: ...Hmm. They aren't talking, but their facial expressions are changing by the second.
Wakana: Yeah, it's fun to watch, but... is it actually fun for them?
Nene, Tsumugi: ......
*In the end, we weren't able to hold a proper conversation at all.*
*I just need to find a way to talk to her.*
*Especially since I want to know what she's been thinking since the incident yesterday.*
*But that's easier said than done...*
Shuuji: Er, listen... Meguru, umm... 
Meguru: Y-Yah! Wh-What is it?!
Shuuji: How should I say...
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: About yesterday.
Meguru: Ah!
Shuuji: ...Thanks.
Meguru: U-Um... Er, no. No no! I just...
Shuuji: Uhh.
Shuuji: I-I mean, I really appreciate how you came all the way to the clubroom to check on me during lunch break!
Meguru: ...H-Huh?
Shuuji: I feel kinda bad that I took up so much of your lunch break...
Meguru: ......
Meguru: You're talking about lunch break?
Shuuji: Yeah...
Meguru: O-Oh... That was no big deal...
*It's already after school, and I still can't broach the topic...*
*Unable to ask her what I really want, I've just been testing the waters.*
Shuuji: (Even I don't have a clue what I've been doing...)
*To be honest... I'm afraid.*
*Afraid of each and every one of her reactions.*
*How does she think about what happened yesterday? And... how does she feel about it?*
*There's no way for me to know this, and I'm frankly terrified of the answers.*
Shuuji: (At least, based on the feelings I can perceive now, I can tell that she doesn't mind talking to me...)
*But that's the entirety of what I know about her state of mind.*
*All sorts of negative thoughts are entering my mind. Like, maybe she regrets doing what she did yesterday.*
*Or maybe she's wondering how to turn me down if I get carried away and ask her to do it again. Stuff like that. *
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: I-It's not like that!
Meguru: Wha?! Wh-What do you mean?!
Shuuji: E-Err, sorry. I didn't mean to say that!
Meguru: O-Okay...?
Shuuji: Forget about that. What I'm really trying to say is... I'm not the kind of guy you think I am!
Meguru: What do you mean by that?
Shuuji: Huh?! Oh, err, umm...!
Meguru: H-H-How do you know?!
Shuuji: ...Know what?
Meguru: Ah... no. Forget it, forget it, forget it!
Shuuji: Okay...?
Touko: ...What kind of conversation is this meant to be, exactly?
Meguru, Shuuji: Uhh...
*Crap... We've been having this dumbass conversation in front of everyone!*
*Everyone else is just awkwardly smiling at us.*
Shuuji: (I don't blame them. I'd think we're idiots too, if I were them...)
*But... This is all happening because I can't muster the courage to ask the questions that actually matter.*
*What now? Seriously, I can help other people just fine, but I never know what to do when it comes to myself...*
Touko: Hmm...
Touko: Everyone, this means that something must have happened between them yesterday. 
Tsumugi: I agree. I heard that Meguru-chan saw Hoshina-kun home yesterday...
Nene: We can't exactly ask them what happened, though...
Nene: This seems like a very touchy subject, whatever happened.
*The way I'm acting is honestly pathetic.*
*My actions here speak volumes about how I've been living my life until now.*
Shuuji: (But...)
*No matter how clueless I am about how to proceed...*
*The bigger problem is how my urge to feel more of Meguru's emotions is growing by the day...*
Otome Game Hero: "You're way too defenseless! You're a girl, so have a sense of shame!"
Meguru: ......
Otome Game Hero: "Or... are you only like that when you're with me?"
Meguru: Ahh! This sappy stuff gets me every time.
Meguru: I wish Senpai would also hit on me like that. I can't just come out and say it myself...
Meguru: I didn't know what to do today. I just sat there waiting the whole day for him to bring it up...
Meguru: ...I feel like nothing's gonna happen at this rate.
Meguru: Why won't he say anything about yesterday, anyway? He even said before that he was happy that I hugged him! 
Meguru: First he makes me fall for him, and now this! Is he dense, or just an idiot? When he said he was happy, was that just as a friend or something? What the heck?
Meguru: If so, and if I actually confessed to him, he'd probably think I'm weird... What am I supposed to do?
Otome Game Hero: "I've always thought you were beautiful... I've always had my eye on you..."
Meguru: ......
Meguru: Th-There's no way around it.
Meguru: I need to make this happen myself! Isn't that right, Chi-chan? I need to do my best for you!
Meguru: That's why I need to...
Meguru: Make Senpai fall for me!
================================================================================
Shuuji: ......
Hideaki: What's up, Shuuji? Ain't ya gonna go to the cafeteria?
Wakana: You're even clutching your head... Is it the rumor? But almost everyone already forgot it.
Shuuji: I'm...
Wakana, Hideaki: You're...?
Shuuji: I'm such a fucking idiot!!
*It's the next day, and I still can't stop beating myself up over my screwup.*
*I'm depressed as hell and wracked with anxiety. But worst of all, I have no idea how I'm supposed to face Meguru.*
*Normally, I would reach out to her and apologize, but I can't even bring myself to text her.*
Shuuji: It was just an accident. It wasn't on purpose. But there's no way she'd accept those excuses. She was seriously pissed at me.
Shuuji: Argh, how am I so goddamn stupid? If hadn't been staring so much, I'd maybe be able to talk my way out of this, and yet... Aaaah!
Wakana: I have no idea what he's rambling about...
Hideaki: Dude's in serious agony. This is straight outta some lame teenage drama.
Hideaki: Hey, did something happen between you and Meguru-chan?
Shuuji: Gah!
Wakana: Ooh, he twitched. I think you hit the bullseye.
Hideaki: That's about the only thing this could be, seeing how he's been lately.
Wakana: Look, if you did something, you just gotta apologize.
Shuuji: Yeah, of course. But... I feel like Meguru will lose her cool the moment she sees me...
Wakana: Hmm...
Shuuji: What the heck was that, anyway? I thought it was obvious that she was showing me that on purpose.
Shuuji: But then why the hell did she yell at me after? I don't get it. I have no idea what to do or what Meguru was thinking!
Wakana: Wow, he's got it bad.
Hideaki: Hmm...
Hideaki: Alright, Shuuji! Let's go eat lunch!
Shuuji: Huh? But I―
Hideaki: No buts! You can tell us all about it while we eat lunch! Talking about it will help you sort stuff out and figure out what to do.
Shuuji: Kaidou...
Wakana: Ah. It's already decided that I'm coming along?
Hideaki: Well, of course. Shuuji could use a girl's perspective in this.
Hideaki: Anyway, nothing beats a good conversation with your buddies for these situations. Alright, Shuuji? Let's go!
Wakana: You really care about your friends, don't you? You're really going out of your way to help him.
Hideaki: Aren't you interested in what happened between them too?
Wakana: You just completely ruined the moment with that.
Shuuji: It's cool. I know your hearts are in the right place...
Shuuji: Thanks, guys. Would you lend me your ears?
Hideaki: You bet!
Wakana: Alright, let's go then!
*Thank god I have friends so willing to help.*
*Honestly, I've just been thinking myself in circles this whole time.*
Shuuji: (I wonder what Meguru is doing right now...)
*Are her thoughts going in circles just like mine?*
*Or is she bristling with rage toward me?*
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: %130;Gaaah!
Hideaki: Enough with the random outbursts!
Wakana: Hold it in until we're at the cafeteria.
*At the end of the day...*
*I guess I'm just afraid.*
*I want to experience more of Meguru's feelings, and I want to know what she's thinking. But I'm terrified to take a step forward.*
*I'm trying to read her emotions as best I can, but I don't trust my own power.*
*...The pessimism I've cultivated throughout my life is taking its toll.*
*However, there are two things that are crystal clear to me.*
*One is that, in spite of everything, I'm in love with Meguru.*
Shuuji: (How... does she feel about me...?)
*And the other is that I will absolutely have to take that step forward if I want an answer to the question I've been too terrified to ask.*
Shuuji: (Meguru...)
Shuuji: (I wonder what she's doing right now...)
Nene: I see... It seems you've really fallen for Hoshina-kun.
Meguru: Y-Yeah... It's like, I was crazy in love with him before I knew it...
Touko: The key phrase being "before I knew it." It took you some time to finally realize it.
Tsumugi: Actually, it was super obvious for the rest of us.
Meguru: What?! No way!
Nene: Which is why it's a relief to see you've finally noticed.
Nene: Like I told you before, you have my full support. I would love to help you, if you don't mind.
Meguru: Th-Thank you so much! And to think I told you that you were the one person I didn't want to consult with...
Nene: It's okay. I understand.
Touko: Indeed. That's how all girls in love are.
Tsumugi: Though, actually, Togakushi-senpai knew right from the start, while it took us two a while to realize.
Nene: W-Well... I'm not really an expert when it comes to matters of love myself.
Nene: But it's okay now, Inaba-san. You can tell me everything.
Meguru: Fuaaah! Nene-senpaaaai!
Nene: Mmh! I-Inaba-san, I can't breathe if you squeeze me that hard.
Meguru: I... I don't have a clue what to do! And I have no self-confidence and am too afraid to do anything.
Meguru: The situation is completely hopeless! I'm so happy you're here to help. Nene-senpaaai!
Nene: Inaba-san...
Tsumugi: Wow, you're crying... You must have been so scared.
Tsumugi: Meguru-chan, I'm here for you too!
Touko: And me too, of course. Could you tell us everything from the start to give us a proper picture of the situation?
Meguru: O-Okay... *sniff* Thank you, you two...
Nene: So the main problem is... You, umm, ended up showing Hoshina-kun your panties without wanting to, yes?
Meguru: Yeah, that's right... I was just trying to attract him a little, but...
Meguru: It basically looked like I was flashing him on purpose! I can't believe that happened! I could die of embarrassment!
Touko: But don't you think that actually excited him? Boys love panties, you know?
Meguru: Well, Hoshina-senpai is a closet pervert, so maybe, yeah!
Meguru: Yeah, but! That maybe so, but I don't want him to think of me as the kind of girl who'd show her panties like that!
Tsumugi: Ahh... Y-Yeah, you'd want to avoid that. You wouldn't want him to think you're a loose girl.
Touko: Can't you simply tell him it was an accident?
Meguru: Maybe, but I was practically inviting him to look with the way I was sitting! I even opened my blouse a little...
Nene: Let's take a few steps back... Why did you go for such a risque approach in the first place?
Meguru: Well, umm... I don't have the courage to ask him out, which is why I wanted him to ask me out...
Meguru: But the problem is, Senpai isn't making any moves on me! Even though he was entranced after I hugged his face to my chest!
Nene: I-I didn't know something like that happened between you two...
Meguru: Umm, well, I just kinda did that on the spur of the moment the other day... I couldn't contain myself after Senpai told me about his ability.
Meguru: He said something like my emotions always make him happy... and before I knew it, I was like, "You can enjoy them as much as you want."
Meguru: Actually, that's when I realized I have feelings for him.
Nene: ...And, despite all that, Hoshina-kun hasn't taken any sort of action since then.
Meguru: Right.
Tsumugi: Oh, everything makes sense now. So that's why you two seemed awkward around each other after supposedly making up.
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun was also acting really weird. It was like he was trying to get a read on you.
Nene: I see. This is why you decided to try a more daring approach?
Meguru: Yeah... I've been playing a lot of otome games, so I was going for the kind of development where the love interest gets worried, makes a move and then falls for the girl!
Tsumugi: O-Oh, I see. Otome games, huh?
Touko: Sorry, but do you often play games like that? I guess I shouldn't be surprised...
Meguru: Well, yeah. So moving on, the female protagonist just happens to be wearing her lucky underwear in those situations.
Meguru: She doesn't ever intend for him to see them, but he does and then the guy ends up thinking, "Did she put them on just for me?" And most importantly, with a super sexy voice!
Nene: D-Did you do that too?
Meguru: No, I was only wearing my normal underwear...
Meguru: I wanted to change, but I was like, "Wait, that's going way too far!" and chickened out.
Touko: But you ended up showing him anyway, so it would've been better if you had them on.
Meguru: I didn't mean to! I mean, I did in the end, but still!
Nene: I-It's alright. Calm down, Inaba-san. There is nothing you can do about that anymore.
Meguru: Okay... Ugh...
Nene: So... What do you want to do now?
Meguru: Huh? What do you mean?
Nene: Do you still want Hoshina-kun to ask you out?
Meguru: O-Of course I do! Because, well, this is the most I've ever liked a boy...
Meguru: I want Senpai to make me his girlfriend. I want to offer him all of my feelings...
Touko: Aah! Makes your heart race just listening to her, doesn't it, Shiiba-san?
Tsumugi: Yeah, it does! Meguru-chan, you're just adorable!
Meguru: Really?! Do you think Senpai thinks so too?!
Touko: He'd fall for you on the spot if you said what you just did to him. But I guess the problem is you can't, huh?
Meguru: Ugh... W-Well, I just...
Meguru: I'm too worried that I weirded him out yesterday.
Meguru: I want to tell him that it's not like he thinks, but I don't know how to bring it up.
Meguru: And Senpai hasn't come to see me yet today, nor has he even texted me...
Meguru: So, I'm scared...
Touko: Hm...
Tsumugi: B-But Togakushi-senpai, Hoshina-kun is also―
Touko: Like I said before, that mustn't come from us. It's their romance.
Tsumugi: Oh... I-I'm sorry. You're right...
Meguru: I-I'm so lost...
Nene: Let's see...
Nene: Okay... I think I've got it.
Meguru: I'm listening!
Nene: For this to work, we'll need your cooperation, okay?
Meguru: Huh...?
Hideaki: Welp. Good luck, man.
Shuuji: Yeah, thanks.
Wakana: Are you gonna do this after school today?
Shuuji: That's the plan...
*I take a seat at my desk upon getting back from the school cafeteria.*
*Nothing has been resolved yet, but I feel a little better after talking to Kaidou and Kariya. I didn't tell them everything, but it helped.*
*First things first, I'll apologize to Meguru face-to-face after school today.*
*And then, after that... No, wait. I'm getting ahead of myself. Let's take things one step at a time.*
Shuuji: Okay...
Nene: Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Ah, yeah? What's up, Ayachi-san?
*Ayachi-san enters the classroom not long after I do.*
*Wait a minute. She usually eats here. Where did she go today?*
Nene: There is something I would like your help with.
Nene: Could you come with me to Nanao's place after school today?
Shuuji: ......
*Seeing how she specified "Nanao's place," this must mean it's "that" kind of matter.*
*Meguru is still weighing on my mind, but I guess that will have to wait.*
*And so after school, Ayachi-san and I head for the Schwarze Katze together.*
Nene: I asked Shiiba-san to go as well.
Nene: The matter I need your help with is that kind of matter.
Shuuji: Thought so... But why so suddenly? Did someone come to the club?
Nene: Yes. There was one student who came in while you weren't there.
Shuuji: Huh... No wonder I didn't know. I've been missing too many days lately.
*The whole fragment retrieval thing has sorta slipped my mind.*
*That's why I joined the OC in the first place. I'll try and make up for that today.*
Shuuji: (Come to think of it, this whole ordeal with Meguru was originally about retrieving fragments too.)
*Thinking back on it, I was probably attracted to Meguru from the moment she opened up to me.*
*...Okay, that's enough Meguru for the moment.*
*She'll hopefully still be at the clubroom by the time we finish this, giving me time to do what I need to do.*
*So right now, I need to focus.*
Nene: Let's go this way.
Shuuji: ...We're taking a detour?
*Wait, this is "that" road.*
*Man, now I'm thinking of Meguru again...*
Nene: Before we go to the Schwarze Katze...
Nene: There is one thing I would like to ask you.
Shuuji: Huh? Wh-What is it?
Nene: There is something you've been worried about lately, isn't there?
Shuuji: ......
Nene: ......
Shuuji: ...Yeah, there is.
*I yield to her stare and admit the truth.*
Shuuji: Honestly, I can't stop thinking about it. Not even now.
Nene: Could you tell me about it?
Shuuji: Okay. The truth is, as embarrassing as it is to admit...
Shuuji: It's about Meguru. I like her. I really like her.
Nene: ...I see.
Shuuji: I don't think she hates me or anything, but my power can only read feelings, not thoughts...
Shuuji: So... I know this is pathetic, but I'm afraid of taking that step forward, you know?
Nene: ......
Shuuji: Especially since I made her really mad again yesterday...
Shuuji: But still, I can't stop craving more of her feelings. So now I just feel stuck, unable to move forward or back.
Nene: ...I see.
*Ayachi-san listened to my worries with a gentle smile on her face.*
*And now that I'm done, she starts walking forward again with the smile still on her face.*
Nene: I'm sorry for saying this after asking about it, but I believe that's something you need to sort out yourself.
Shuuji: ...Yeah. I know.
Nene: However, you're a member of the OC, right?
Nene: So make sure you do your all to help with our fragment retrieval.
Nene: We're here.
Nanao: Oh, welcome. I'll go and lock up the cafe now.
Shuuji: ......
Tsumugi: Huh? Hoshina-kun, what's wrong?
Shuuji: Err... Well...
Shuuji: Why are Meguru and Togakushi-senpai here?
*Actually, it's not just them. Akagi is sitting at the counter as well.*
Shuuji: Weren't they staying behind in the clubroom?
Nene: They're members of the OC too, are they not? And they all know what we're up to now.
Shuuji: Well, that may be true, but...
*Couldn't she have told me a little sooner? I was only expecting Shiiba to be here.*
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: Oh, but uh... it's not like I have a problem with it or anything.
*I keenly feel Meguru's gaze on me. I glance around the cafe in an attempt to avoid it.*
*In the cafe currently are the OC members and the two alps. No one else is here.*
Shuuji: Huh...
Shuuji: Ayachi-san, is this everyone? What about the person who consulted you earlier? I don't see them...
Tsumugi: Hehe...
Touko: Mufufu~♪
Nene: Listen, everyone. It seems we'll have Hoshina-kun's full cooperation.
Shuuji: Huh? Y-Yeah, I said I'd help, but, uh...
Akagi: What a nincompoop.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
*Just then...*
*Meguru bolts up out of her seat.*
Meguru: Senpai!
Shuuji: Ah...
*Our eyes meet, and my heart skips a beat.*
*It finally hits me that the one who consulted with Ayachi-san was likely none other than Meguru.*
*But what's more important to me right now...*
*...Is the intensity in her glare...*
*...And that taste.*
Shuuji: (Aah...)
*I want more of it.*
*I want to experience more of her feelings. I want to know more about her.*
*Man, there's no denying it...*
Meguru: I am SO frustrated right now!
Shuuji: Huh? Ah...
Meguru: And it's all your fault!
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: S-So please, take responsibility for that...
Shuuji: ......
*I need to talk things out with her here and now.*
*If this is my fault, and if I really do love her, then I need to do this.*
Shuuji: In what way?
Meguru: I want you to tell me.
Meguru: W-Was what happened yesterday unpleasant for you? Were you weirded out by it?
Shuuji: Of course I wasn't!
Meguru: ~~!
Meguru: Y-You told me that my feelings put you at ease, so then why did you act like the incident the other day never happened?!
Shuuji: I'm sorry. I was really embarrassed, and I also didn't know if it was okay to ask for more.
Shuuji: I couldn't tell what you were thinking...
Meguru: I thought you were able to read other people's emotions.
Meguru: Can't you read my feelings right now?
Shuuji: Well...
Meguru: Then read them! I'm terrible at expressing my feelings, and I hate it!
Meguru: Besides, unlike you, I can't tell anything at all...
Meguru: That's why I keep agonizing over this...
Meguru: About how you think of me.
Meguru: About whether you feel the same as I do.
Meguru: About how I should convey my feelings.
Meguru: I just...
*That familiar bittersweet taste spreads through my mouth.*
*It's the taste of Meguru's feelings.*
*She can't put it into words, but...*
*These are feelings meant only for me.*
Shuuji: I love you.
Meguru: Aah!
*The moment I say those words, that bittersweet taste floods my mouth. Ah, of course...*
*I'm in love with Meguru.*
*And my ability seems to let me read the the girl I love's feelings more strongly than anyone else's.*
*There's no need to be afraid. I need to trust what I'm sensing and act on it.*
*I mean, it's so very sweet.*
*Meguru must also...*
Meguru: Ahh... Aahhh!
Meguru: I love you too!
*I can't believe I finally said it...*
*Emotionally overwhelmed, Meguru has leaped into my arms. I hold her tight to my chest.*
*The bittersweet feelings of the girl I love pour through my chest and wash over me, just like I always dreamed of.*
Shuuji: Meguru...
Meguru: You said it! You finally said it, Senpai!
Meguru: Geez, why did I have to fall for such a frustrating guy?!
Shuuji: I could say the same thing!
Meguru: Totally! There's gotta be something wrong with us!
Meguru: But I'm sure that's why... the two of us...
Shuuji: Yeah... That's why we've come to feel this way...
Meguru: Senpai! I want to go out with you!
Shuuji: ...Are you sure?
Meguru: I told you to take responsibility!
Shuuji: And I will. I have to, now that you've fallen in love with a schmuck like me.
Meguru: And you've fallen in love with one heck of an annoying girl!
Shuuji: Meguru, let's go out.
Meguru: Yes! Yes, a hundred times yes!
Meguru: I'm your girlfriend now... Your girlfriend... I'm the only girl in the world who can say that.
Shuuji: ...Meguru.
Meguru: Senpai!
Meguru: Mmph!
*The both of us press our lips together.*
*We have no resistance against the overflowing joy in our hearts.*
Meguru: Mm, mmpah! This is unreal. We're kissing...
Shuuji: Yeah, we sure are... Mmph!
Meguru: Mmm! Everyone's watching, you know? But... *kiss* I can't help it. I just wanna kiss you! *kiss* Senpaaai! Mmmph!
*Lost in the heat of the moment, both of us messily seek out each other's lips.*
*We make our kiss passionate enough to make up for all the time we've kept our feelings bottled up.*
Meguru: Mmpwahh... Haah, Senpai...
Shuuji: Meguru, I love you.
Meguru: ~~~!
Meguru: I love you too! We feel the same, Senpai!
*Once our lips part, we grin like a couple of idiots and then embrace each other again.*
*Aah, man, how is this so good?! I feel like I could die of happiness!*
*Seriously, now that I know how happy this has made me, I feel like a complete moron for having been so afraid.*
*But our mutual awkwardness is why we're so happy together. It's why we were able to get together in the first place.*
Meguru: Senpai! Senpaai... Nnn...
*And thanks to my ability, I can keenly feel how happy Meguru is as well.*
*Her feelings are bittersweet, hot, soft, itchy and more. And every one of them is blissful to experience.*
*Because these are Meguru's feelings. The feelings of the girl who fell in love with me.*
*I'm so incredibly happy right now.*
*I want more of them. I want more of Meguru's feelings!*
Tsumugi: ...It's reacting!
*I raise my head and find Shiiba-san in her witch outfit.*
Tsumugi: Sorry to disturb you. Meguru-chan, can I?
Meguru: Of course! Oh my gosh, I don't even know what to say! It's all thanks to you guys!
Tsumugi: And Ayachi-san, are you sure you want to let me do it?
Nene: Yes. After all, I should be receiving my fragments back from Hoshina-kun. 
*Ah, now I get it.*
Shuuji: So that's what you meant by helping you...
Nene: That's right. I know our methods may have been a little heavy-handed, but it's a win-win situation, so there shouldn't be any issues, right?
Touko: Yeah. And I got to see a good show, too.
Nene: Hoshina-kun, please make sure not to let go of Inaba-san.
*I'm really no match for her...*
*I'm so grateful that I feel like crying.*
Meguru: Senpai... Hold me tight.
Shuuji: Yeah. There's nothing to be afraid of when I do.
Meguru: I'm too happy to be afraid! Hugging you makes me the happiest girl alive.
Shuuji: Then why don't we take it a step further and kiss again?
Meguru: You're quite the domineering boyfriend, aren't you?
Shuuji: That's not how I―
Meguru: Then go right ahead!
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: Mmm! *kiss* Senpai... I love you!
*With Meguru in my embrace, I kiss her again.*
*And then...*
Tsumugi: Here I go...
Tsumugi: Thanks for your cooperation. And congratulations!
Meguru: Mrrmm?!
*The moment Shiiba-san's mallet impacts Meguru's head, countless feathers scatter around us.*
*She was able to successfully knock Meguru's heart fragments out of her.*
Meguru: Sen...pai...
*Meguru's emotions have been overwhelming my senses and almost feel warm enough to melt me.*
*Given how intense those emotions are, the amount of fragments being retrieved must be immense.*
Meguru: Mhh!
*I want more of them.*
*I'm the sole target of her affection. Only I can experience her feelings like this.*
*I love you, Meguru. I want you to direct more of those feelings at me. I want you to make me taste them.*
*I want you to give me all of your feelings!*
Meguru's Heart Fragments: "I love you! I love you, Senpai! I love you so much! I'm so full of love for you that I could burst!"
Meguru's Heart Fragments: "I want to flirt more with you! I want to give you all of my feelings―!"
*Oh, Meguru thinks the same as I do...*
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Wait, what?!
Tsumugi: ......
Nene: Huh? What just happened? 
Akagi: Did you see that? That was highly abnormal...
Nanao: Yeah. Shiiba-san definitely knocked out Inaba-san's heart fragments...
Tsumugi: R-Right?! The feathers appeared and all!
Tsumugi: So then why?!
Shuuji: U-Umm... What happened?
Touko: The way I saw it, all those feathers were absorbed by you, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: ......
Nene: Nanao?! Don't tell me the same thing as before just happened!
Nanao: It would seem so, yeah.
Akagi: Hrm, I see... That boy has a hole in his heart too.
Nanao: I doubt that's the only reason though.
Akagi: Either way, the end result is that the fragments Tsumugi knocked out were pulled in and absorbed by him.
Akagi: Which means the retrieval failed. I never imagined this is how things would turn out. 
Tsumugi: No waaay!
Shuuji: ......
*I get a better hold of Meguru, who has lost consciousness, so that I don't let her fall, and gingerly close my eyes.*
Meguru's Heart Fragments: "Senpai... I love you. If kissing already makes me this happy, then what's going to happen when we go even further?"
Shuuji: ......
*Meguru herself is unconscious, and my ability doesn't allow me to hear people's inner voice.*
*So basically... this is the same as what happened last time I absorbed some fragments.*
Shuuji: Whaaaat?!
================================================================================
Tsumugi: And here I thought we could finally retrieve her fragments...
Nene: I could never have imagined something like this happening...
Shuuji: I'm sorry! I'm so sorry! I never expected that either!
Meguru: I'm sorry too! I even promised to let you have my heart fragments in exchange for your help!
Touko: Now, now. Everyone calm down and have some tea.
*We all decided to gather in the clubroom the next morning before class starts.*
*The two witches are dejected, while Meguru and I keep apologizing. It's great to have someone as easygoing as Togakushi-senpai around in this situation.*
Touko: Nice, everyone has their tea. Alright, let's all collect our thoughts now, okay?
Nene: Thank you. *gulp* Alright then, I'll sum things up.
Nene: First of all, there is no mistaking that the fragments Shiiba-san tried to retrieve from Inaba-san have been absorbed by Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Just like that other time... Huh.
Nene: Yes. Which leads us to now, where there's fragments belonging two witches inside of you, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: So basically, I'm now in the same boat with Shiiba-san as I am with you...
Tsumugi: That's what it sounds like. This is really shocking. Nothing like this has ever happened to me.
Nene: Same here...
Shuuji: Uh, sorry, but can we move on? I think we have a good idea of what happened, now. This talk is making me feel guilty.
Tsumugi: R-Right, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to blame you or anything.
Meguru: Umm, basic question...
Meguru: Nene-senpai, Senpai absorbed your fragments once before. That was because he had a hole in his heart or something, right?
Shuuji: You don't have to bring that up again, Meguru...
Meguru: I don't mean anything bad by it! I'm just saying, even though Senpai hasn't returned all of those yet, he just absorbed a bunch of fragments that were meant for Tsumugi-senpai.
Meguru: Is the hole in his heart that huge? Is he going to keep absorbing fragments?
Meguru: Like, maybe, my feelings again?
Nene: No, I very much doubt that. I can only conclude that both this time and last time were special cases.
Nene: While last time, the size of the hole was indeed one of the reasons why it happened...
Nene: This time, it's clear that the size of the hole in his heart is far different. It is much smaller, actually.
Shuuji: Yeah, that's what I thought. I've been returning fragments to you, even if it has been little by little.
Touko: And besides, you have Inaba-san now.
Meguru: Uhh... R-Right! Senpai, don't forget that you have me.
Shuuji: Y-Yeah, thanks... Anyway, let's move on.
Nene: Yes. I find it likely that the first time this happened, Hoshina-kun had a subconscious desire to fill the hole, which played a role.
Nene: But with the hole having shrunk a lot, his subconscious should now be aware that there are other ways to fill his heart.
Nene: So, him absorbing fragments again shouldn't be possible. Or at least, that's what I thought... *sigh*
Tsumugi: Um, I'll take it from here. So, you see... We discussed possible reasons with Souma-san and Akagi.
*Shiiba-san takes over the conversation for Ayachi-san, who is taking a breather.*
*Now that's some Grade A witch teamwork.*
Tsumugi: It seems likely that you attracted the fragments in part because you yourself strongly wished for that.
Tsumugi: And also because Meguru-chan herself was strongly wishing for it too.
Meguru: Y-Yeah, I did wish for that! I was thinking like, "I want to give Senpai all of my feelings!"
Shuuji: Y-You didn't have to actually recite that word-for-word. It's embarrassing.
Meguru: Ugh. But I would've felt bad if it seemed like it was all your fault. So I wanted to take the blame too...
Shuuji: Yeah, but I definitely wished for that too. I was like "I want you to direct more of those feelings at me. I want you to make me taste them. I want you to give me all of your feelings!"
Meguru: You're doing the same thing you just complained about! And what's with that manly speech?! Are you trying to give me a heart attack?!
Shuuji: It's not like your mind has been all rainbows and lollipops either! "If kissing already makes me this happy, then what's going to happen when we go even further?"
Meguru: Wha?! H-How do you know that?!
Shuuji: Well, 'cause I absorbed your fragments.
Meguru: G-Give them back! Stick your hand down your throat and drag them out right now!
Shuuji: Didn't you want to give me all of your feelings?! You're going against what you just said!
Meguru: Maybe, but this is super embarrassing! Why does my boyfriend have to be such an insensitive moron?
Touko: Well, to us outsiders, you two seem to be getting along swimmingly already.
Meguru, Shuuji: Ugh...
Tsumugi: Ahaha... Anyway, following what I just said, it most likely occurred because both of your feelings happened to line up completely at the exact moment her fragments were scattered.
Tsumugi: Something like that shouldn't happen again.
Meguru: Oh... I see...
*Is it just me, or does she seem a little disappointed, despite what she just said?*
Nene: Besides, I'm positive that Hoshina-kun's heart will be filled in more as you two continue to develop your relationship.
Tsumugi: Yup! It'll be filled with Meguru-chan's love.
Meguru: Ah, hey, s-s-stop it! Actually, I was just thinking that maybe I should reconsider dating this insensitive jerk!
Shuuji: What?! Am I that bad?!
Touko: Don't worry. That's just her way of hiding her embarrassment.
Shuuji: O-Oh... Phew.
Meguru: Hey, Togakushi-senpai! You don't need to point out every little thing!
*Now Togakushi-senpai mentions it, yeah... that bittersweet taste is in the air.*
*I see... So basically, this sweetness contains embarrassment, huh? Interesting...*
Nene: Actually... I'd go as far to say that it'd be a problem for us if you don't develop your relationship.
Meguru: ...Huh?
Shuuji: Ah, right... I can only return the fragments by having my heart filled up, so...
Nene: Yes. This case may be exceedingly rare, but it happened, and we need to face the situation as it is.
Nene: But that also means there's no point in crying about it. It's still very possible for us to get our fragments back.
Meguru: S-So, the problem will fix itself as long as we deepen our love. We just need to fill Senpai's heart...
Nene: To tell you the truth, fragments have been returning to me here and there ever since the Halloween party.
Shuuji: Huh...? R-Really?
Nene: Yes. Judging by how things turned out, I assume it must have been happening whenever you and Inaba-san grew closer.
Shuuji: Yeah, that makes sense...
Tsumugi: At this rate, my fragments should eventually come back too. So... Ayachi-san.
Nene: Yes. Given all that, we've come to a single obvious conclusion.
*Ayachi-san and Shiiba-san look at each other and nod.*
Tsumugi: Please become a lovey-dovey couple!
Nene: It would help us a lot, and it's also what the two of you want anyway, right?
Nene: We'll offer you all the help you want, so please keep developing and deepening your relationship!
Meguru, Shuuji: O-Okay!
Meguru: Wow... Th-They just left us alone right away.
Shuuji: Y-Yeah... I dunno how I'll be able to face them in class.
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: ......
*I appreciate their thoughtfulness, but...*
*But being told "you gotta get lovey-dovey" only makes things more awkward! Neither of us know what to do next.*
Shuuji: (...At least things are different now, compared to yesterday.)
*That's right. I'm no longer stuck unable to tell what Meguru is thinking, nor am I terrified of moving forward.*
*Even if we don't know exactly what the other is thinking, we at least know we love each other now.*
*So while this is awkward, at least the anxiety is gone.*
Shuuji: (Besides... I can perceive that taste from Meguru again.)
*Despite our awkwardness, I'm perceiving that bittersweet taste again.*
*It contains a sweetness mixed with embarrassment... Maybe she wants me to say something because she's too nervous to do so herself?*
Meguru: ~~~~!
*...Okay, with the way her eyes are spinning, I think I'm on the right track.*
*Now that I know Meguru loves me, I can use that as a key to decipher her feelings.*
Shuuji: Umm... Meguru, maybe you should take a deep breath and relax.
Meguru: Fuah?! Wh-Why do you say that?!
Shuuji: It looked like you were overthinking things and were on the verge of a mental meltdown.
Shuuji: Let me guess; you're unsure of what to do, but I've been quiet, which makes it difficult for you to say anything at all.
Meguru: Wha?! H-H-H-H-How do you...?!
Shuuji: Don't panic. It's nothing weird. I was just guessing based on the feelings I read from you.
Meguru: Ah...
Shuuji: ...Gotta say, though, you're like another person today, compared to yesterday.
Meguru: Wh-What do you mean?
Shuuji: Well, you happily leapt into my arms yesterday, but today you're pretty awkward.
*Maybe she's more embarrassed now that she has had time to calm down. Or maybe knowing that we both love each other makes her more worried about our interactions.*
*And I shouldn't forget that yesterday, she had her friends supporting her. Meguru is generally more outgoing and confident in the company of close friends.*
Meguru: I-I'm sorry! It's not like I don't like you anymore or anything. I-I may not leap into your arms again anytime soon, but I'm also not leaving your side!
Meguru: After all, I'm your girlfriend now.
Shuuji: Thank you. That means a lot to me.
Meguru: ......
*The sweetness coming from Meguru intensifies.*
*It seems she took my response to heart.*
Shuuji: (Yeah, I really have changed. I never wanted to proactively use my ability before.)
*Now it's more like I want to learn to use it better and utilize its full potential.*
*I want to understand Meguru's feelings better and ease her anxieties by taking the initiative.*
Shuuji: Um... Anyway, I would like us to get closer.
Meguru: Y-Yeah.
Shuuji: How should we go about that?
Meguru: W-Well... The normal way, I guess...
Shuuji: Kinda begs the question of where to start, though. I mean, we already kissed...
Meguru: ?! D-Don't bring that up! We definitely skipped a few steps in the process!
Meguru: Yeah, I was happy and all, but... Geez, you're so insensitive!
*Crap, I pissed her off again.*
*I know she uses anger as a cover for embarrassment, but still, she's a hundred percent right. I need to get better at this.*
Shuuji: Sorry. You're right―I need to think more before I open my dumb mouth.
Meguru: Oh, uh, i-it's okay. You don't have to apologize...
Shuuji: No, I do. You're a very earnest and sensitive girl, and I want to treat you right. This is something I need to be better about.
Shuuji: So... I'm sorry. I know I'm like this currently, but I'll do my best to improve.
Meguru: Senpai...
Shuuji: After all, I love you.
Meguru: ...Thank you.
*The sweetness grows even stronger. Yeah, this is the feeling I wish to hold dear. This is what I want to always have by my side.*
*I'm reminded of the heart fragments I absorbed from Meguru.*
Shuuji: (I don't hear Meguru's voice anymore like I did after absorbing them, but still...)
*I have literally accepted Meguru's feelings of love for me. There is no doubt about it.*
*I'm happy. Incredibly happy. And I need to find the right way to convey that happiness to her.*
Shuuji: (Until now, I never would've had these kinds of thoughts.)
*The emotions of everyone else had previously given me nothing but misery, so I've always avoided them as much as possible.*
*And because of that, I've never made an effort to convey my own feelings to someone else.*
*But it's different now, which why I really need to work on improving myself.*
*After all, I love Meguru just as much as she loves me.*
Meguru: A-Anyway, I'm looking forward to all the time we're going to spend together!
Shuuji: Yeah, same here.
Meguru: Hehehehe...
Meguru: Whoa, the bell?! We completely lost track of time!
Shuuji: Yeah. We better hurry.
Shuuji: See you later, Meguru.
Meguru: Ah, y-yeah...
Meguru: ...See you later!
Shuuji: ......
*Was that a hint of pain I sensed when we parted?*
*I suppose even the briefest of partings can be painful.*
Shuuji: (Oh... Or is it because I didn't say when the "later" in "see you later" will be?)
Shuuji: (In that case...)
*After arriving at my classroom, I send Meguru a text.*
*"Let's meet at lunch break. Wait for me in the courtyard."*
*I receive her reply almost immediately.*
*"：＊．；・＼（≧▽≦）／・；．＊："*
*...Th-This means something like, "You got it," right?*
Shuuji: I'm here, Meguru.
Meguru: Oh! Geez, what took you so long? I guess I'll forgive you, though, since you came eventually.
Shuuji: Sorry. I had to drop by the school store first.
Meguru: Oh yeah, you don't bring your own lunch. That's okay, then.
Shuuji: So... mind if I have a seat?
Meguru: S-Sure! I'll scoot over!
*Meguru cheerfully scoots over to make space for me.*
*She really seems truly happy right now. There is no pain at all that I can feel, while there is quite a lot of bittersweetness.*
Meguru: Alright, Senpai. Have a seat!
Shuuji: Yeah, thanks. Will do.
Meguru: U-Umm... Can I take it you want to eat lunch together from now on?
Shuuji: Of course. We'll never see each other during class because we're in different years.
Shuuji: So I figured we should at least spend our lunch breaks together.
Meguru: ...Heh. Hehehehe.
Meguru: L-Let's eat then! The weather is great today. It's nice and warm out here.
*It is rather warm, but in my case, that's mainly because of Meguru's pleasant feelings.*
*Sweetness is also coming from her in increasingly large dosages. Seems like I made the right call in asking to see her during lunch.*
*Looks like I'm doing okay so far...*
Meguru: Wow! Hey, Senpai! My mom made me fried chicken for lunch today! Her fried chicken is sooo good!
Meguru: Wanna try a bite? You can have a piece if you want.
Shuuji: Yeah, that would be awesome.
Meguru: Okay then!
Shuuji: B-But how about you try feeding me it?
Meguru: Wha?!
Shuuji: I would really like that, actually. Could you?
Meguru: Uh, ah, er, but...
Meguru: Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wha... Are you serious?! Are you seriously serious?!
*Meguru's face flushes bright red.*
*Oh crap. I totally jumped the gun on that, didn't I?*
*...Or so I thought. However, the bittersweet taste and itchiness coming from Meguru aren't slowing down.*
Meguru: Y-Y-Y-You want me to feed you?! Sure, some couples do that! But, but out here in the open, and right now?! A-Aren't we moving a little too fast, here?!
*Judging by her reaction, it doesn't seem like she's against the idea itself...*
Meguru: I-I mean, I have always wanted to do this some day, but still!
Shuuji: Ah, thought so.
Meguru: Were you planning this all long?! Am I done for?! Is this game over for Meguru?!
Shuuji: Er, I can read people's emotions, remember?
Meguru: Oh, right!
Shuuji: So... do you think you could give it a shot?
Meguru: If you're asking if I could, then yeah, I could, but... but...
Meguru: E-Either way, this is too early! We only just started dating yesterday!
Shuuji: Well, I guess...
*But in our case, we've already kissed.*
Meguru: Just started dating...
*Ah... My lips feel itchy.*
Shuuji: Did you just recall us kissing?
Meguru: ―――?!
Meguru: A-Again?! How can you be so insanely insensitive?!
Shuuji: Huh? Wait, M-Meguru, are you actually mad now?!
Meguru: Dummy! Jerk! You super inconsiderate moron!
Hideaki: Well, anyone would get embarrassed when you point it out like that.
Shuuji: Ugh... Y-Yeah. Maaan... I screwed up yet again. When will I ever learn?
*It's break time between afternoon classes, and I'm still wallowing in regret over what I did during lunch.*
*I didn't misread Meguru's feelings or anything. I simply said something I shouldn't have.*
*I really need to learn from my mistakes and figure out how to be a more considerate guy.*
Wakana: Girls have a soft spot for guys who know how to be tactful. You get what I mean?
Shuuji: Y-Yeah, I think... Thanks.
*I'm so glad I have friends I can talk to about this.*
Hideaki: But actually, this might help you out a little.
Shuuji: Huh? With what?
Hideaki: With the rumor. It's been dying down lately. 
Hideaki: And from what I heard earlier, it seems like most everyone now thinks it was just a little fight with your girlfriend.
Hideaki: So your fight in the courtyard today helps back that up. Now everyone just wants you to stop messing around in front of them.
Wakana: Yeah, that's true. Rumors tend to get out of hand when all people can do is speculate. But once they see the truth for themselves, they accept it and move on.
Wakana: It's not like there's anything weird about a guy and a girl dating.
Hideaki: All the Ayachi-san fans are relieved too. Though, a few may still be wishing for the "lucky bastard's" death.
Shuuji: What the heck am I supposed to do then?!
Wakana: Well, for starters, make sure not to upset Inaba-san anymore.
Shuuji: Ugh... F-Fair point.
Hideaki: Well, you're totally new to this, so really, these kinds of things are bound to happen.
Wakana: Which is why you need to improve. You don't want your relationship to stall out here, do you?
Wakana: Mistakes are gonna happen since you have no experience. What matters is how you handle things next time. That's the way I see it, at least.
Shuuji: Yeah... You're right.
Nene: ......
Tsumugi: Looks like Hoshina-kun already managed to make Meguru-chan mad.
Nene: It seems so... Oh.
Tsumugi: Oh, a text?
Nene: Yeah. Please give me a moment to send a reply.
Nene: "You shouldn't worry about it too much, in my opinion." Okay...
Meguru: Whoa, she already replied? Nene-senpai really is offering me her support... I'm so happy!
Meguru: ...B-But she thinks I shouldn't worry too much? Ugh... That's easier said than done, Nene-senpai!
*I don't have a clue about how we're supposed to develop our relationship.*
*And to make things worse, I keep getting crazy flustered for some reason.*
Meguru: "But I'm afraid everything will go wrong again if I try thinking of something myself." Okay, send.
Meguru: *sigh*
Meguru: Wow, Nene-senpai doesn't even need to think about her reply! L-Let's see what she says...
*"What would you like to do together with Hoshina-kun?"*
Meguru: Well... I want to spend time with him. I don't know how to do it, but I wanna get more romantic with him...
Meguru: I want to do all sorts of stuff couples normally do. Like, tomorrow's Saturday, so... maybe we could go on a date.
Meguru: But I don't know how to bring that up...
*And Senpai keeps guessing all my thoughts.*
*That only makes me more flustered...*
Nene: I see nothing wrong with that.
Nene: I don't think there is any need to push yourself right from the start to do everything he can.
Nene: For now, it's more than enough if you just say what you can.
Meguru: "I'm sure Hoshina-kun can figure it out from there. I can't speak from experience, but I believe pressuring yourself is a bad idea." Huh...
Meguru: Yeah, she's right. Thank you, Nene-senpai!
Meguru: Ahaha. I seem to consult her on everything these days. I'm so glad I have her as a friend.
Meguru: I met Senpai and started dating him thanks to her... Alright!
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: ......
*School's out for the day, and Meguru and I are walking home together side by side.*
*And of course we're taking the usual detour, as we've grown accustomed to doing.*
Shuuji: So, about earlier today, I'm really sorry about how I acted.
Meguru: Oh, it's okay. My response wasn't great either.
Shuuji: Well, it's true that I can be pretty inconsiderate. I feel really bad about that. I'll try my best to improve.
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: But, you know... I know it's wrong to think this, but getting yelled at by you isn't so bad. Even your angry feelings taste good. Hahaha...
Meguru: ......
*...Meguru is keeping quiet.*
*Is she still upset? I can't taste any anger, though.*
Shuuji: Anyway...
*Rather than pointing that out, I'll try conveying my own feelings to her first.*
Shuuji: I really do love you. That's the one thing I want you to understand.
Meguru: Ah!
Shuuji: I'm inexperienced in just about every way, so I'm sure I'll end up doing more stupid crap like today at some point.
Shuuji: But I really meant it when I said that I want to treat you right. That's why, umm...
Shuuji: I'll do my best to improve, and it'd make me really happy if you kept loving me as well.
Meguru: ......
Meguru: T-Tomorrow!
Shuuji: Huh?
Meguru: There's... no school...
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: ......
*Meguru falls silent after whispering those few words.*
*Her face is dyed scarlet.*
*And a sweet smell tickles my nostrils and makes my heart race.*
Shuuji: (She mentioned that there's no school tomorrow while experiencing these emotions...)
*After thinking about it from her perspective, what she wants becomes clear.*
Shuuji: ...Yeah, you're right. It's Saturday tomorrow.
Shuuji: So then, Meguru... Would you like to go on a date?
Meguru: Ah!
Meguru: Yeah! Absolutely!
*A smile blossoms across Meguru's face as she nods enthusiastically.*
*Yes! I give myself a little fist pump at my minor success.*
Meguru: Ahaha. Y-You actually fist pumped.
Shuuji: I mean, I asked you out and you actually said yes. That's the first time I've ever asked a girl out on a date...
Meguru: A-And it's the first time anyone asked me out.
Meguru: I've really been asked out on a date by you... Aah, this is too much. I can't stop grinning!
Shuuji: Hey, I'm the same way.
Meguru: Yeah, ahaha! It's true. We really are the same...
Shuuji: Okay, so then let's meet up by the station at 10 a.m. Is that fine by you?
Meguru: ...Of course, Senpai!
*Damn, I'm so happy right now.*
*Not just because I asked her out on a date, but the incredible cuteness of her smile.*
*Alright! Time to give it my all on tomorrow's date!*
================================================================================
*And so, the next day arrives.*
Meguru: Senpaaai! Helloha!
Shuuji: Did I keep you waiting?
Meguru: Not at all. I just got here.
Meguru: Oh my gosh! We just did the classic date greeting!
*Meguru and I are meeting up at the station for our first date.*
*And sure enough, our greeting has left me feeling warm inside.*
*It drives home how we're really dating now. Man, now I'm getting embarrassed.*
Meguru: I'm really looking forward to today.
Shuuji: Yeah, so am I.
Meguru: Ahaha... So, where should we go?
Shuuji: I've been thinking about that. Mind leaving the date plans to me today?
Shuuji: It's our first date, you know? So I figured that as the boyfriend it should be on me to take the lead.
Meguru: Y-Yeah. That would be great.
Meguru: I'll go anywhere with you. Because... I'm your girlfriend...
Shuuji: Oh, did that make your heart pound?
Meguru: Maybe! But did you really have to ask?!
*Crap, I screwed up right off the bat. I was so happy for saying what she wanted to hear that I couldn't contain myself.*
Shuuji: (C'mon, man. Have some tact...)
*That's the thing that I need to put the most effort into for today.*
*We take a short train ride over to city's downtown district.*
Meguru: I haven't been here in a while.
Shuuji: Me neither. Last time I was here was that one time.
Meguru: You mean... that time we went with Nene-senpai?
Shuuji: Yeah. The "date rehearsal" for Kawakami-kun. 
Meguru: That feels like it was forever ago, but it hasn't been that long, has it?
Shuuji: I figured this would be a good place to start. Last time, we were researching someone else's date, but that's not the case now, right?
Meguru: Y-Yeah. Back then we were just friends, but now... yeah...
Meguru: This time, we're on a real first date...
Shuuji: I thought it might be a nice way to highlight how far we've come since then... What do you think?
Meguru: I think so too! I'm really happy!
*I sense a large amount of happiness coming from her, matching her bright smile.*
*And there's also that bittersweet taste.*
*Great! I just have to keep this up!*
Shuuji: Shall we, then?
Meguru: Yeah!
*We set off towards the shopping mall together.*
*Meguru walks forward with large and cheery strides.*
*I notice in the corner of my eyes her tiny hands swinging to and fro.*
Shuuji: (Oh, right... It's a date, so maybe it'd be better if I took her hand?)
Meguru: Hm? Wh-What is it?
Shuuji: Nothing...
*Maybe I shouldn't jump straight to that on the first date.*
*Personally, I would love to take her hand, but I need to consider her feelings today.*
*And Meguru tends to treat first times as treasured moments.*
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: What's wrong?
Meguru: N-Nothing. Let's go!
*We start out by strolling through the shopping mall and doing some window shopping.*
Meguru: So, we aren't going to the movies?
Shuuji: Well, it would be better not to go with the exact same date plan.
Meguru: Yeah. This is our date, after all.
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: (Hm...?)
*At that moment, I feel like the bittersweet taste and the racing of her heart increased. *
*Does this mean... she's in anticipation of something?*
Shuuji: Meguru, I love you.
Meguru: ?! Y-Yeah! Thanksh alot!
Meguru: Th-That was sudden. You really startled me.
Shuuji: Ah... Sorry. I just had an urge to tell you.
*I guess I misread the signals there... Man, this is hard.*
*We walk around more stores, with Meguru eventually deciding to buy a new article of clothing at one.*
Shuuji: I'll never feel comfortable at the women's department in clothing stores...
Meguru: Ahaha. Be happy it wasn't a lingerie store.
*Meguru looks very satisfied with her purchase.*
*On a side note, I helped pick her purchase. So her happiness carries over to me too, though I'm still a little embarrassed.*
Meguru: *glimpse*
Shuuji: Oh, I'll carry the bag for you.
Meguru: Ah... Thank you...
Meguru: Wow, that was such a boyfriend thing to do just now.
Shuuji: Hehehe... Leave it all to me.
Meguru: And there you go getting carried away like always.
*How couldn't I, after managing to guess what she wanted me to do?*
*Whenever I get something right, it's not just Meguru who's happy. I get a warm and fuzzy feeling in my chest too.*
*This has been a very date-like date so far, if I say so myself. I'm even carrying her bags for her now.*
Meguru: Haah... You know, I can't believe I actually bought clothes together with you...
*Meguru lines up next to me as we talk.*
Shuuji: Why?
Meguru: Because I've always bought my clothes by myself until now. Choosing something together was lots of fun.
Meguru: Senpai, you picked this one because you thought it'd look good on me, right?
Shuuji: Of course.
Meguru: Hehehe... Thank you.
Shuuji: Show me you wearing it sometime.
Meguru: What? I dunno about that~
Shuuji: Really? Why not? I helped picked it, so I wanna see it too.
Meguru: Yeah, but...
*Our conversation ended up going this way before I realized... Damn, it's like we're a genuine couple!*
*Who would've thought that I'd be able to have a conversation like this with a girl someday?*
*Damn, am I ever happy... It's moments like these that must make dates so special.*
Meguru: Ehehe... Really? You want to see me in it that badly, do you?
*The bittersweet taste is practically pouring out of Meguru.*
Meguru: ......
*Wait, is she hinting that she wants something, then?*
Meguru: O-Okay then, Senpai...
Shuuji: So, umm, Meguru.
Shuuji: How about you put in now?
Meguru: Are you serious?!
Shuuji: Ah...
*Meguru goes beet red in an instant and then gets just as flustered as she was yesterday.*
Meguru: N-No way! I don't wanna change away from home! Toilet stalls are cramped, and I'd feel uncomfortable! Or wait, do you mean out here?! In the open?!
Shuuji: Huh? D-Did I get it wrong? I thought you were hinting that you wanted to do that, so I figured I'd give you a push...
Meguru: That's your reason?!
Shuuji: Well, I also wanted to see you wearing it!
Shuuji: But with the way you kept glancing up at me...
Meguru: Huh?
Shuuji: ...I thought that you were sending me signals, and I didn't want to let you down. But I got it wrong...
Meguru: Th-That wasn't what I wanted...
Shuuji: Huh? Th-Then... I'm not sure what you wanted.
Meguru: W-Well...
Shuuji: I'm sorry, but could you just tell me so I know for the future?
Meguru: I-I-I-I...
Shuuji: Yeah?
Meguru: I can't believe you're still doing this to me! Come on! I swear, you can be so tactless!
Shuuji: What?!?!
*D-Damn, I just don't understand her!*
Shuuji: ......
*We've left the shopping mall and are now back outside downtown.*
*We had lunch at some point, but...*
Meguru: Mmgh...
*Meguru is in low spirits.*
*Which probably has something to do with how I screwed up yet again...*
Shuuji: (All the more reason for me to get it right!)
*I need to make up for my mistake! Our relationship is at stake here!*
Shuuji: H-Hey Meguru.
Meguru: Yeah?
Shuuji: Let's go there next. I've been wanting to visit that place with you.
Meguru: Huh?
*I point to the shopping area not far from the station.*
*The shopping area has various stores and restaurants as you'd expect, but there's also a modest amusement park there.*
*It's the number one date spot in the town. On the weekends, it's almost as busy as the shopping mall we just left.*
*But because of its reputation as a date spot, I've always avoided it, thinking it'd be awkward to go by myself.*
Shuuji: Is this your first time here too?
Meguru: Y-Yeah. I've always thought it would feel, like, kinda awkward coming here on my own...
*Looks like she felt the same way as me.*
*Then this makes for a great opportunity for us to finally check it out. It should be very date-like, too.*
Shuuji: But today we're together. We can actually walk around with confidence.
Meguru: W-With confidence?
Shuuji: Well... I-I have a cute girlfriend by my side.
Meguru: Senpai, that line would've been great if you didn't stutter.
Meguru: But thank you. A-And I get to have a cool boyfriend at my side!
Shuuji: Okay, but you just stuttered too.
Meguru: Come on! You couldn't have ignored that?
Shuuji: What?!
*I screwed up AGAIN?!*
*Okay. It's time to start making up for the crapload of mistakes I'm making.*
*...Or so I was thinking.*
Meguru: Are you serious?! Do you seriously mean that?!
Shuuji: Well, i-isn't it couple-like?
Meguru: Maybe, yeah! B-B-But there's no way I could do that! That's way too embarrassing! I mean, drinking from the same glass?! No way!
Shuuji: I just wanted to try it once... You really don't want to?
Meguru: No means no!
Meguru: Wh-Wh-Wh-Why do you keep saying that stuff?!
Shuuji: Well, because you―
Meguru: Geez! I can't believe it! Are you trying to embarrass me? You're doing this on purpose, aren't you?!
Shuuji: Not at all!
Meguru: Wh-What are you doing now?!
Shuuji: Well, it looked like you were tired from walking a little, so I thought you would've wanted it.
Meguru: But a piggyback ride? Are you crazy?!
Meguru: Oh no! D-Did my stomach rumble?
Shuuji: No. I just figured you might be hungry.
Meguru: I'm not! I just... Oh, just forget it!
Meguru: I don't know how many times I've said this already, but how tactless can you get?!
*...It's just one screwup after another for me.*
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: Sorry. Really, I just...
Meguru: It's okay... I should apologize too.
Meguru: I lose my cool whenever you try to push something on me I don't expect...
*I think she's nervous because there's been something niggling at her.*
*But the problem is I simply can't figure out what that something is.*
*I've been trying my best to pick up on her signals, but the results speak for themselves...*
Meguru: *sigh*
Shuuji: A-Anyway, let's head back to the station's main square. It'll get dark soon.
Meguru: Right...
Meguru: ...*glimpse*
Shuuji: ......
*Again, I experience a bittersweet taste as she glances at me.*
*She's probably hoping I'll do something again.*
Shuuji: (I don't have it in me to make another guess, though.)
*I've been screwing up left and right. The last thing I want to do is upset her again.*
Shuuji: Let's go.
*I head off without doing anything.*
*And then Meguru lines up right next to me.*
Shuuji: ......
*As we're walking, something catches my eye.*
*Meguru's hands...*
*I'm carrying her bag, so both of her hands are swinging back and forth unburdened.*
Shuuji: (Her hands are so tiny... They're pretty cute.)
*Makes me want to hold hands with her. That urge was there at the start of the date, and it has only gotten stronger.*
*And the wonderful bittersweet taste I'm getting from her isn't making things any easier.*
Shuuji: (Come to think of it... Meguru's been walking on this side of me the whole day...)
*On the side of my free hand...*
Shuuji: (...Hm?)
*Wait a minute...*
*...Does she want to hold hands?*
Shuuji: ......
*I'm reluctant because I've already made more than enough mistakes for the day.*
*But it's not like it's possible to make things worse than they already are.*
*Besides, even if this isn't what she's thinking about...*
Shuuji: (Meguru's hand...)
*The bittersweet taste continues to flow out of her.*
*While relishing that taste...*
Meguru: Ah!
*...I muster the courage to take her hand.*
*In the end, this is simply what I wanted.*
*I wanted to hold Meguru's hand. I wanted to wrap her hand in mine.*
Meguru: S-Senpai...
Shuuji: (Ah...)
*An impossibly sweet scent fills my nostrils and a fire is lit in my chest.*
Shuuji: Meguru...
Meguru: ~~~!
*Meguru blushes and casts her eyes downward.*
*But that doesn't stop the sweetness and heat.*
*It doesn't take long for her to tightly grasp my hand in return.*
*Of course... Meguru has been wanting to hold hands this whole time.*
*She was just too embarrassed to admit it.*
Shuuji: (Actually, she's talked about holding hands before...)
Meguru: "On that note, you're walking too fast, Senpai. That's not good."
Shuuji: "Whoops... I wasn't thinking about that at all."
Meguru: "That kind of casual kindness makes girls pretty happy."
*Back then, I never would've imagined I would end up walking together like this with Meguru in the near future.*
*You know... The fact that we had that conversation makes me wonder if our pairing is destiny at work.*
Meguru: Ah... Senpai...
*I'm moving too fast. I gauge her pace and try to match it.*
*This is not my usual pace. This is now our pace we use while walking together.*
*Knowing me, I might screw up and start walking too quickly.*
*But as long as we're hand-in-hand, I'll know to correct myself.*
Meguru: Senpai...
*And this is by no means a one-sided affair.*
*We're walking together, each holding the other's hand. Each feeling the other.*
*Perhaps by doing this, Meguru can better understand how I feel when we're together, without having my ability.*
Meguru: Ehehe... Hehehehe...
*Meguru's heart is still racing, but...*
*It seems she's finally relaxing a little.*
*Yeah, grabbing her hand was the right choice.*
Shuuji: ...You know, I've been wanting to hold hands with you all day long.
Meguru: Have you really?
Shuuji: My constant mistakes made it hard to find the right timing.
Shuuji: But yeah, I've been wanting to more than anything.
Meguru: ...Me too.
Shuuji: That's such a relief... I finally got it right.
Meguru: But, it's just...
Meguru: I'm so happy right now.
Shuuji: Hey, Meguru...
Shuuji: Hand in hand like this, let's learn how to be a couple. I feel like we'll be alright as long as we're together.
Meguru: ...Yeah!
Meguru: Yeah, Senpai, just like this...
Shuuji: Sorry for all the bullcrap I made you put up with today.
Meguru: No, don't be!
Meguru: I'm so, so, sooo happy! You don't even know.
Meguru: I can't even think straight right now...
*...Yeah, I can tell that she's incredibly happy.*
*Successfully responding to her desires is all it takes to make her happy.*
*Meguru hangs her head to hide her bashfulness, but she can't hide the incredible smile on her face.*
Shuuji: (...I want to do more for her.)
*My chest grows hot as my desire to support her grows.*
*Man, this is amazing. This is really love, isn't it?*
*That fact is finally sinking in.*
*This is a date...*
*My first love has turned into such a wonderful relationship.*
Meguru: This is far enough.
Shuuji: Okay. Guess we're parting here, then...
*We've returned to the main square by the station just before sunset.*
*I want to spend more time with her. It's our first date, though, so I shouldn't keep her out too late.*
Meguru: So... It's time to let go, huh?
Meguru: Ahaha. We've actually been holding hands ever since.
Shuuji: Yeah. Alright, then...
Meguru: Ah...
*For a moment after letting go of her hand, it feels as if there's an invisible thread connecting us and drawing my hand back in.*
*Freed from the warmth of her hand, my sweaty palm now feels almost painfully cold.*
Meguru: ......
*I quickly check our surroundings.*
*Alright, the coast is clear!*
Meguru: S-Senpai! Thank you so much for today! I had an awesome time! I guess I'll see you later, now. 
Shuuji: Meguru, before you go, come over here for a sec.
Meguru: Hyah?! Wh-Wh-Wh-Wha―
Meguru: Mmmph! *kiss*
*I pull her behind a corner and kiss her out of sight.*
*Meguru's body tenses up with a jerk, but she quickly relaxes and grabs hold of me.*
Meguru: Shenpaai... *kiss* *kiss* Mhh...
*Just like when we let go of our hands, the eventual parting of our lips feels cold and lonely.*
Meguru: *sniff*
Shuuji: H-Hey, don't cry.
Meguru: But Senpaaai...! You even gave me a goodbye kiss...
Meguru: I'm so happy. My heart is fluttering like crazy.
Shuuji: I'm glad I mustered the courage to do that. I'm ridiculously happy right now too.
Meguru: Hehehehe...
Meguru: Okay, Senpai! Bye-bye!
Shuuji: Yeah, see you.
Meguru: I love you♪
Shuuji: Ah...
*After nailing me with that one last strike to the heart, Meguru runs off with a wave of her hand.*
*I wave back at her until she's out of sight and then cover my mouth.*
Shuuji: (...Damn. I can't stop grinning like an idiot!)
*But how could you blame me? That kiss made her so happy that she cried, and then that final "I love you" at the end... She's too damn cute!*
Shuuji: Haah...
*I'm so happy I asked her out on a date.*
*And I'm even happier that it went well.*
*I just have to keep this up!*
Shuuji: God, I love that girl too much. I can't stop grinning!
================================================================================
*And so, the two of us have been deepening our relationship without a hitch.*
Wakana: Hoshina, you've kinda settled down a bit lately.
Shuuji: ...You think?
Hideaki: Oh, you thought so too? I've been thinking the same thing.
Hideaki: He was stupid anxious when he first started dating Meguru-chan.
Wakana: He sure was. He had zero confidence but was all, "I gotta try my best!"
Shuuji: Was I really like that...? You should've said something.
Hideaki: It's not like telling you would've changed anything.
Shuuji: Ugh. Yeah, good point.
Wakana: But seeing how you've been lately...
Wakana: Kaidou-san, are you thinking what I'm thinking?
Hideaki: You bet, Kariya-san! Maybe, just maybe...
Wakana: You got to home base with Inaba-san?
Hideaki: Kyah♪ Shuuji-kun, you've gone and become a real man!
Shuuji: ...Are you two having fun?
Hideaki: Seriously, dude, did you go and lose your virginity without telling me?! Aren't we friends?!
Shuuji: I need your permission to lose my virginity?! That is not the kind of friendship I want!
Wakana: Hmm, yeah, that's going too far for my tastes too.
Hideaki: Huh?! S-Sorry. I got carried away there...
Wakana: So, putting Kaidou's derangement aside, what say you, Hoshina?
Shuuji: Um, there's nothing to say...
Hideaki: S-So you're still a virgin?
Shuuji: ...Me and Meguru haven't gone that far yet.
Hideaki: Did you hear that, Kariya-san?! "Yet," he says!
Wakana: That's a surprise. I was sure you did it already.
Hideaki: Well, what's the holdup? You both like each other and everything seems to be going well, so I don't see why you wouldn't.
Wakana: Well, guys and girls are different. And besides, Hoshina will get the wrong idea if you keep talking like your freakish standards are normal.
Hideaki: You're turning on me now?! I thought we had something special together!
Shuuji: You seem to be rather happy, actually.
Hideaki: Yeah, that gave me the chills... In a good way.
Shuuji: Hardcore masochists are sad creatures, huh, Kariya?
Wakana: Totally.
Hideaki: You've already found a new partner?!
*Well, I can see what they're trying to say.*
*Any couple that gets along will end up doing that eventually.*
Shuuji: Phew, I'm done.
Meguru: That was great!
Meguru: ...Ehehe.
*After finishing eating lunch together like usual, Meguru shifts around a little so she's facing me.*
Meguru: ......
*She looks up at me with sparkling eyes full of anticipation. If she had a tail, it would be wagging like crazy.*
Shuuji: ...There, there.
Meguru: Mhh? Wh-What are you doing? Geez, you'll mess up my hair.
Shuuji: Sorry, but I couldn't help it. The way you were wagging your tail was too cute.
Meguru: I don't have a tail! And Senpai, have you been looking at my butt? Ahaha, just kidding...
Shuuji: Okay, what now? Want to go to the library and play some MonHun or something?
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: You wanted some help farming some materials you need, right? 
Meguru: Ah, y-yeah. I did, yeah.
Meguru: S-So, we going to the library, then?
Shuuji: I guess. The courtyard isn't the best place for MonHun.
Shuuji: Got 'em. That was a lot easier than I thought it'd be.
Meguru: Yeah, it was...
Shuuji: Well, lunch break's about over, so we better head back.
Meguru: Roger that... *sigh*
Meguru: Okay, let's go then, Senpai.
Shuuji: Oh, but first... Come with me for a sec.
Meguru: Huh...? Ah... O-Okay!
Shuuji: I think we're safe here...
Meguru: Hehehe♪
Shuuji: Okay, Meguru.
Meguru: I-I'm ready, Senpai...
Meguru: Mm, mmpah, mmph...
Meguru: Mmm! Senpai! *kiss* Senpai!
Meguru: Fuaah, ah...
Shuuji: ...Seriously, you make the cutest face whenever we kiss.
Meguru: Huh? Oh gosh... Um, thank you...
Meguru: I-I'm always cute, though!
Shuuji: Yeah, which was why I wanted to kiss you so badly before leaving.
Meguru: Yeah... Geez, I already knew that!
Meguru: S-So then, Senpai. I-I-If I'm that cute after kissing, then...
Shuuji: You really are. My heart throbs whenever I see you like that. I love it.
Meguru: ~~~!
Meguru: S-Senpai, then I―
Shuuji: Okay, we should really get going now. Lunch break will end before we're back at this rate.
Meguru: Oh, yeah... Right...
Meguru: ...Hmm?
Meguru: Hmm... Mghh...
Tsumugi: What's wrong, Meguru-chan? Why are you grunting like that?
Meguru: Oh! It's nothing, sorry!
Tsumugi: Yeah? If you say so, haha.
Meguru: Ahahaha.
Meguru: Uhh...
Meguru: *glance*
Shuuji: Hm? What is it?
Meguru: Uah?! I-I just said it's nothing, okay?!
Shuuji: Just thinking about how badass I am or something?
Meguru: What the heck are you saying? Don't get carried away just because you have a cute girlfriend, Mister.
Shuuji: I can't help it when she's this cute.
Meguru: Auu... W-Well, thank you... Feel free to say more stuff like that...
Shuuji: Roger that.
Touko: You're getting pretty good at flirting, Hoshina-kun.
Nene: I-Is this the right time to use that "please blow up and die" phrase?
Touko: It sure is. That's the greatest gift you can give to a couple.
Shuuji: She's lying, Ayachi-san. It's the exact opposite.
Touko: But hearing that does make you a little happy, doesn't it?
Shuuji: Uh... W-Well, I guess I'm happy that we come off as intimate enough for people to be saying that...
Nene: Please blow up and die.
Tsumugi: Oh, but leave behind your heart fragments, okay?
Shuuji: Damn, you're scaring me! Now I'm picturing myself shattering into a million pieces...
Nene: Anyway, it's great that everything is going well for you two.
Shuuji: Thanks. It's all thanks to you guys.
*As we continue our conversation in the clubroom...*
Meguru: ......
Meguru: (Yeah, everything's going well. We're making steady progress, and Senpai is starting to show his affection more, but...)
Meguru: (Lately, it feels like we've hit a wall and aren't moving forward anymore.)
Meguru: (My heart was racing earlier as I was thinking about what he would do next, but then... he just stroked my head and kissed me.)
Meguru: (That makes me happy, but... *glance*)
Meguru: (It's like he doesn't want me. It's kinda been a series of letdowns lately.)
Meguru: (Is Senpai just not interested in me?)
Meguru: (I was sure he'd at least be interested in... s-sex. I mean, he's a closet pervert!)
Meguru: (Wait, maybe it's actually me who's the closet pervert?!)
Meguru: (No, that can't be! It's definitely ten million percent Senpai who's the closet pervert!)
Meguru: (But then why isn't he even showing any interest in that sort of stuff?)
Meguru: (...Is it that he doesn't find me sexy?)
Meguru: (W-Well, sure, my breasts are on the small side! Especially compared to everyone else in our club!)
Meguru: (But everyone here just has unusually big boobs! My own are perfectly normal! Or at least I think they are...)
Meguru: (Or maybe he's a butt or legs guy... But I've put a little... no, a lot of effort into making sure those look good.)
Meguru: (So then, he's into boobs? Is that why? But he's always reacted to my legs and panties. And yet he... Mmgh.)
*...Something seems to be troubling Meguru.*
*Even putting my emotion reading aside, her face is an open book right now.*
Shuuji: (Though, I do love how open and sincere she is...)
*She's so freaking cute. It's enough to make me want to do her on the spot.*
Shuuji: ......
*That's right. It's not like I don't have those kinds of thoughts.*
*I want to make the adorable and wonderful Meguru mine.*
*There's no way I wouldn't be sexually attracted to her. She definitely turns me on.*
*I want to have sex with her.*
*And I'm keenly aware that Meguru is thinking the same.*
*But that's the problem.*
*My relationship with Meguru has been growing and deepening without a problem. *
*At this point, I feel like I'm able to take control of any situation by reading her feelings.*
*...And that's a weirdly uncomfortable feeling.*
*I know it's a bit late in the game to be realizing this, but I honestly feel bad about how easily I can read her.*
*I can't help but wonder if it's somehow unfair to her.*
*I mean... it's like I'm using an underhanded method to take advantage of her.*
*Normal couples get along without ever relying on this kind of ability. Normal people have to try to pick up on how their partner feels and develop their relationships the natural way.*
*But I'm not normal.*
Shuuji: (...Okay, stop. Why do I always take everything in such a negative direction?)
*If I didn't have this ability, I wouldn't have hooked up with Meguru in the first place.*
*But still, it's hard not to feel guilty for using it sometimes.*
*For whatever reason, I was born with this ability, and now it's become a part of my way of living and my very identity.*
Shuuji: ......
*Mom...*
*I've inherited this ability from you, a witch.*
*Your ability was similar to mine.*
*Currently, I don't know how to feel about it.*
*I wonder how it was for you...*
Taichi: I'm home!
Shuuji: ...Hey, welcome back.
Taichi: Oh? You're talking to your mother? It's great to see that.
Taichi: Let me join you! I'm back, Yui! I worked hard today.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Hey, Dad...
Taichi: What is it? If you're asking about dinner, a hamburg steak would be great. With cheese and fried eggs on top.
Shuuji: Er, sorry, but I've already made twice-cooked pork for tonight.
Taichi: Hey, anything with meat sounds good to me. Alright, I'm gonna dig in right away!
Shuuji: Can we talk before that?
Taichi: Hm?
Taichi: This is serious, isn't it? Alright, give me a moment.
Shuuji: Yeah, thanks.
Taichi: Okay... So, how many ducats ya need?
Shuuji: Don't take out your wallet! I'm not asking you for money!
Shuuji: ...And ducats? What?
Taichi: It makes your dad sad if you don't at least play along...
Taichi: Anyway, is 50,000 yen good?
Shuuji: I could never accept that much!
Taichi: But you've got a lot of expenses these days, don't you? Dates aren't cheap.
Shuuji: ...How did you know that?
Taichi: C'mon, you're my precious son. I can guess what's going on.
Taichi: Though... I'm no match for your mom when it comes to that kind of thing.
*Dad turns to the photo of Mom with an affectionate smile on this face.*
*...Right. This is exactly what I want to ask him about.*
Shuuji: Say, Dad.
Taichi: Yeah?
Shuuji: How... did Mom feel about that?
Taichi: About what?
Shuuji: She was good at guessing what people were thinking, right?
Taichi: Right. Like I told you before, it was almost like she could read minds.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: In exchange for her hearing impairment.
Taichi: I guess you could put it that way. Her situation must have required her to understand people well.
Shuuji: Yeah... And I get the feeling that...
Shuuji: Mom must have been happy to have that ability.
Taichi: Of course. We fell in love and got to make you thanks to her knack for understanding people!
Shuuji: Right...
*Mom's ability was magical in nature.*
*I suppose she wanted to read people's minds because of her deafness.*
*She wanted some way to connect with others. That's all.*
*Mom just wanted to live a normal life alongside everyone else.*
*And then she met Dad.*
*They loved each other, and as proof of their love, I was born.*
Shuuji: ......
*I can understand how Mom felt.*
*But since I inherited my ability, I don't have a reason for having it like Mom did.*
*I was just born with it. I was tormented by it without knowing why I had it.*
*Also... Mom never told dad about her ability.*
*And I completely understand why.*
*Just having it makes you feel guilty.*
*You learn secrets you're never meant to know. Even when the ability is helpful, I can feel grateful for it, but I'm never proud to have it.*
Taichi: ...Hey, Shuuji.
*Dad calls out to me in a solemn tone, snapping me out of my thoughts.*
Taichi: I don't know what it is that's bothering you so much.
Shuuji: Huh...?
Taichi: But know that your mom always strived to understand me...
Taichi: And there's no way I would ever feel unhappy about that.
Taichi: Who would ever be unhappy with their beloved partner working so hard for them?
Taichi: ...I'm sure it's the same for your girl.
Shuuji: Dad...
Taichi: However...
Taichi: It's true that, sometimes, I still wish she had talked to me about it.
Taichi: But that's just how things turned out.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Thank you. I'll heat up your dinner for you.
Taichi: Yeah, thanks.
Taichi: Oh, and about those ducats...
Shuuji: ...I'll take them. Thanks.
Taichi: Good. But in exchange, introduce me to her sometime soon, okay?
Shuuji: You've got me completely figured out, huh? Yeah, I will soon. Meguru would be happy to meet you too, I'm sure.
Taichi: Meguru-chan, is it? Alright, got it!
Shuuji: Alright, dinner'll be ready in a moment.
Taichi: Nice!
Taichi: Oh, right. I'll be spending the night at work for the next couple days, so take care of the house while I'm out!
Shuuji: ...You're telling me that now? After what we just talked about?
Taichi: What better time is there? I'll do my best at work, so you should do your best too!
Shuuji: ...At what?
Taichi: That I don't know. Hey, is dinner still not ready?
Shuuji: No, because you keep distracting me.
*Really, though... Thank you, Dad.*
*For the money, obviously, and for letting me have the house to myself, but most of all... for talking about Mom.*
*I've learned something important in our conversation just now.*
*Up until now, I've just been striving to read and accommodate Meguru's feelings.*
*But that alone is not enough.*
*I'm positive now that there's something more important than that...*
Meguru: ―And that's what I'm thinking.
Meguru: There must be something bothering Senpai that's holding him back.
Meguru: He's usually a total blockhead, but for the things he does pick up on, he's a lot sharper than most people... For better or worse.
Meguru: Maybe he just doesn't find me attractive enough. Nnn...
Nene: ...I highly doubt that's the case.
Meguru: I sure hope it's not. Ahaha...
Meguru: And also, I'm sorry, Nene-senpai. It must've been annoying enough that I showed up at your place out of nowhere, but now I'm just yammering on and on by myself.
Nene: Don't worry about it. I'm happy.
Meguru: Y-You are?
Nene: Yes. I'm happy you see me as friend you can talk to about these sorts of things.
Nene: The fact that I'll get my fragments back as your relationship progresses has nothing to do with it.
Meguru: Wahh... Nene-senpaaai!
Nene: Mmnn! I-It's a little bit of a problem if you hug me this tightly...
Meguru: But I'm so happy! You're just too kind. How can I not hug you?
Nene: Isn't it more like you're the one who wants to be hugged? By Hoshina-kun, that is.
Meguru: ......
Meguru: Nene-senpai, why isn't Hoshina-senpai trying to push things any further?
*And so we're back on our original topic.*
*This is the whole reason I've come over to Nene-senpai's place today, after all.*
*Our relationship is going great. Things couldn't be better, but I still feel a little uneasy.*
*Do I just lack self-confidence? I don't feel weighed down by the issue with Chi-chan anymore, though...*
Nene: ...He has a hole in his heart.
Meguru: Huh...?
Nene: It's because of the ability he was born with.
*A hole in his heart...*
*I've heard about that before.*
*It's because Senpai can sense other people's emotions...*
Nene: Hoshina-kun has been tormented by it his whole life.
Nene: ...And I think he still is.
*He's been through a lot of painful experiences, leading to the hole in his heart.*
*The hole grew so big that it tried to repair itself by absorbing other people's heart fragments.*
Meguru: B-But the hole in his heart has been getting filled up more and more lately, right?
Nene: Yes, it definitely has been.
Nene: But it hasn't been completely filled up yet.
Meguru: ...Yeah, right.
*Nene-senpai and Tsumugi-senpai are able to tell that much.*
*Their fragments are being returned to them as his heart fills.*
Nene: That being the case... Inaba-san, please don't get upset with him or pressure him too much.
Meguru: I-I would never get upset because of that!
Nene: I know. Look at this another way; the hole in his heart represents a trauma he's still dealing with. Getting rid of that is not a simple task.
Nene: Doing so often involves completely changing one's way of life and thinking.
Meguru: Yeah... I think I get that...
Meguru: I mean, it was kinda like that with me.
Meguru: I kinda see us as kindred spirits who are going through the same hardships.
Meguru: Senpai filled in my hole for me. So this time...
Nene: Inaba-san...
Meguru: I want to be the one to fill Senpai's hole now.
Meguru: I'll do anything I can for him if it'll help. I love him, and he's more important to me than I can describe.
Nene: ......
Meguru: But I'm wondering, is he just embarrassed? Or is he scared?
Meguru: I mean, it's me we're talking about! Why can't he just get on with it?! I'll always be there for him. Though, it's not like I can say any of this to him...
Nene: I-I have to say, umm... Our conversation has kinda shifted in th-that kind of direction, hasn't it?
Meguru: ...What direction do you mean?
Nene: W-Well, umm... about sex.
Meguru: ......
Meguru: Th-That's not what I meant by filling holes!
Meguru: I mean, sure, we kinda talked about that earlier, but no! And also, I'd be the one getting my hole filled, not him!
Nene: R-Right. I apologize. That was rude of me.
Meguru: ......But.
Nene: Y-Yes?
Meguru: Maybe... that's the key here.
Nene: Ah... You mean se―intercourse?
Meguru: Using a different word for it doesn't change anything! That's NOT what I'm talking about, okay?! And why does your mind keep ending up in the gutter, anyway?!
Nene: It's... It's not! That was just... a coincidence.
Meguru: Did you have to think about it?!
Nene: ...You're right. I'm very sorry. I know full well what I'm like. I'm that kind of person. The kind of person who can't walk among normal people...
Meguru: Whoa, your eyes are terrifying! I'm so sorry! I was just teasing you a little! Nene-senpai, pull yourself together!
Meguru: ...Actually, this is a good example of what I mean. Both Senpai and I are bad when it comes to talking to people. Like, knowing when you've gone too far and stuff.
Nene: ......
*That's right. He's not the only one who's a part of the problem.*
*Maybe the current situation is because we're both socially awkward.*
*I make Senpai guess what I want all the time while hardly ever trying to do the same.*
*But if I want our relationship to advance any further, I might have to try to do for him what he's been doing for me.*
Meguru: (Just like when Chi-chan suddenly disappeared... and I thought to myself that I had to do my best without her.)
Meguru: (After all, that's what allowed me to meet Senpai...)
*I'm sure right now is that sort of moment.*
*This is a pivotal moment in my life.*
Nene: Umm... I-Inaba-san?
Meguru: ...Nene-senpai.
Nene: Y-Yes, what is it?
Meguru: I'm sorry for always asking for your help.
Meguru: But can I ask you for another favor?
================================================================================
*―The next day.*
Meguru: S-Senpai!
Meguru: Can I come over to your place today after school?
*Meguru sheepishly asks me that.*
*She does so while we're taking our usual route to school.*
Shuuji: ......
*I scratch my head and think to myself for a bit.*
Meguru: I-I can't...?
Shuuji: I didn't say that.
Shuuji: I was just thinking about how you beat me to the punch.
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: Sorry for always for always making you be the one who asks.
Meguru: S-Senpai, were you also gonna ask me out somewhere today?
Shuuji: Yeah. I was going to invite you over to my place.
Meguru: I-I'll come! I'll totally come!
Shuuji: Thanks. That makes me happy.
Meguru: Yeah... Me too...
Meguru: O-Okay then, today after school it is! It's a promise!
Shuuji: Morning, guys.
Nene: Oh, good morning, Hoshina-kun.
Tsumugi: Morning.
Shuuji: Umm... Ayachi-san. I know it's sudden, but can I ask ya something?
Nene: Sure. What is it?
Shuuji: Would it be okay if I skipped club today?
Nene: ......
Nene: Would you be the only one skipping?
Shuuji: ...No, Meguru as well.
Tsumugi: Ah... Both of you, huh?
Shuuji: Yeah, well, you know... I've got something I really want to talk to her about.
Nene: ...I see.
Shuuji: Sorry that Meguru and I have to keep on bailing on you like this.
Nene: Oh, no, don't worry about it. That's just fine.
Tsumugi: Yeah, your relationship is more important.
Shuuji: I feel better hearing that from you, thanks.
Nene: You have my permission to be absent. Please let Inaba-san know for me.
Shuuji: Thanks. So then...
Nene: U-Umm...
Shuuji: Hm?
Nene: Enjoy yourself...
Shuuji: ...What do you mean?
Nene: N-Nothing!
*With my head tilted in puzzlement at Ayachi-san's final remark, I return to my seat.*
Shuuji: ......
*That's right. Today is an important day.*
*Like I told Ayachi-san, I want to have a heart-to-heart talk with Meguru.*
*I've resolved myself to tell her everything that's on my mind without hiding anything.*
*Including how I feel about the ability I was born with.*
*Therefore...*
Shuuji: (If I want to be with Meguru, then we can't leave things as they currently are.)
*If I really love Meguru...*
*If I want to truly be together with this girl who became my very first girlfriend...*
*Then I need to move past my current way of life.*
*School passed by in a flash, as I spent all day reflecting on the inner turmoil within my heart.*
Shuuji: Shall we?
Meguru: Yeah, Senpai.
*With Meguru by my side, we take the usual detour home.*
Meguru: This way...
Shuuji: ...Yeah.
*Today, we aren't going down this road on a whim. I deliberately chose to go this way.*
*Meguru is silently walking next to me, her eyes pointed down at the ground.*
*As you might expect, we're not holding anything resembling a conversation.*
*But still, we're together the whole time.*
*How many times have we walked down this alley together by now?*
*And so, after walking in comfortable silence for a while...*
*...We arrive at our destination.*
Shuuji: Well then, make yourself at home.
Meguru: Okay, Senpai...
*We then head to my bedroom, and...*
Shuuji: ...There's something I want to talk to you about, Meguru.
Meguru: M-Me too.
*It turns out I wasn't the only one with something on my mind.*
Shuuji: ...Really?
Meguru: Yeah...
Meguru: I-I guess we both have something to talk about.
*Ah... Here comes Meguru's bittersweet taste.*
*My heart starts pounding and my chest tightens up.*
*Which is why we need to have this talk.*
Shuuji: Okay... Let's get right into it.
Meguru: Right!
Shuuji: Sorry for springing this on you so quickly after coming here.
Meguru: Th-That's alright! I think I prefer it that way.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Meguru.
Meguru: Yeah?
Shuuji: I love you.
Meguru: Ah...
Shuuji: The feelings you direct my way make every day a wonderful experience for me.
Meguru: Aah... Senpai...
Shuuji: There's seriously nothing better. For a while, I was happy to indulge in them as much as I could.
Shuuji: But now... I've started to feel bad about how one-sided the sharing of feelings has been.
Meguru: ...Huh?
Meguru: Wh-What do you mean, Senpai?
Shuuji: In a way, it kinda feels like I'm using an underhanded method to take control of every situation.
Shuuji: I mean, isn't that basically what I'm doing? Nobody else can pick up on the kinds of things that I can.
Shuuji: There are moments where it simply feels unfair... like I'm taking advantage of you.
Meguru: Y-Yeah, but...
Meguru: ...I didn't know you felt that way about it.
Shuuji: Yeah... It's true that my ability is what brought us together, but I can't help but think...
Shuuji: Is it really okay for me to take things any further with us while playing dirty like this?
Meguru: B-But I―
Shuuji: I know. Really, I do.
Shuuji: I mean... I can read your feelings.
Meguru: Ah...
Shuuji: But I still get anxious thinking about that.
Shuuji: It's like I'm cursed. I've been at the whim of my ability and tormented by it my whole life.
Shuuji: And I just can't feel good about using it.
Meguru: ......
*I've finally managed to confess to her what I couldn't before.*
*It's all I can do stop myself from shivering as I await Meguru's response.*
*Having heard my confession, Meguru looks up at me and begins talking.*
Meguru: I had a feeling something like that was going on.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Meguru: I figured that you had something on your mind holding you back.
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: That there's something bothering you.
Meguru: I mean... you never make any m-moves on me, no matter what...
Shuuji: Y-Yeah...
Meguru: However! That's when I got to thinking...
Meguru: About the hole in your heart...
Shuuji: ...
Meguru: You've been suffering because of your ability your whole life.
Meguru: And that's something I feel like I can understand...
Shuuji: Meguru...
Meguru: I'm your girlfriend... and your kindred spirit.
Meguru: You filled the hole I had in my heart...
Meguru: ...So now I want to be the one to fill yours.
Meguru: And I'm willing to do anything for that.
Meguru: I mean, I... I really, really love you.
*Hearing that is enough to bring tears to my eyes.*
*Meguru, the girl I love so dearly...*
*I can feel her love for me with my entire body.*
Meguru: So, I also think that I need to take in and accept your feelings, like you did for me.
Meguru: And that I need to let you convey your feelings to me, instead of bottling them in while you accept mine.
Shuuji: ...Turns out we were thinking the same thing yet again.
Meguru: Huh?
*I end up flashing my typical wry smile without even realizing it.*
Shuuji: What a coincidence. Is this what it means to be a couple? To love each other?
*I'd like to think so.*
*Actually, I deeply want to believe that's the case.*
*Which is why I need to overcome my anxieties so I can just come out and say it already.*
*I'll never change if I don't.*
Meguru: Senpai...?
Shuuji: I've thought the very same thing.
Shuuji: ...That I need to convey my feelings to you better.
*I don't want us to have any regrets.*
*I want the happy times with Meguru to continue forever.*
Shuuji: Meguru, I want you.
Meguru: Ah!
Shuuji: I want you from the bottom of my heart. You, the one and only girl I love in the whole world.
Shuuji: Sorry if I'm laying it on a bit thick, but that's how I feel.
*I need to convey my feelings to her unfiltered.*
*Just like she has done for me.*
Shuuji: I...
Shuuji: I just...
Meguru: ~~! Senpai!
Meguru: Ah...
Shuuji: Mmph...
*Meguru pulls me into her arms and hugs me tightly like she once did before.*
*She's nervous. It clearly took her a lot of courage to do this.*
*But she still faces me head-on with a smile on her face.*
*And unlike the time before, she isn't doing this to offer me her feelings.*
Meguru: I've... I've been thinking the same thing, Senpai...
Shuuji: Meguru...?
Meguru: I want to convey my feelings to you, and I want to take in and accept yours too...
Meguru: So... Please, Senpai...
Meguru: I want you to give me all of your feelings too.
*Just as I've accepted all of Meguru, Meguru wants to accept all of me.*
*And she has wrapped me in her arms as an expression of her firm resolve.*
Shuuji: ...God, we really do think alike.
Meguru: Yeah. That's already enough to make me happy.
Meguru: So I'm sure it's gonna be alright. I'll still be happy, no matter how embarrassing this gets.
Meguru: Conveying our feelings to each other... exposing everything to each other... and sharing our happiness together.
Shuuji: Meguru...
Meguru: I want to do these things and become closer to you. Because... I'm your girlfriend, and I really, really love you.
Meguru: Maybe you can easily read what I'm thinking, but...
Meguru: You can just teach me what you're thinking in exchange.
Meguru: Please teach me, Senpai...
Shuuji: ...Your heart is beating so fast right now.
Meguru: Yeah...
Shuuji: It's the same for me. My heart is racing like crazy, and honestly... I'm aroused.
Meguru: By me, you mean?
Meguru: Wh-Which means...?
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: I want... to have sex with you.
Meguru: Okay...
Shuuji: I want to strip you naked. I want to see your breasts and pussy. I want to caress you all over and make you feel good.
Shuuji: And I want to use my impossibly aroused cock to... take your virginity, Meguru.
*I lay everything bare for Meguru.*
*I feel so exposed that I almost shiver.*
Meguru: Yes! Thank you, Senpai!
Meguru: ...But I want more than words.
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: Please... teach me directly...
*It's easy to see what she's implying.*
*Meguru is averting her eyes and her face is bright red.*
*But her tiny hands are still gripping me tight and show no signs of letting me go.*
Meguru: Umm, well, I-I...
Meguru: I told my mom that I'm sleeping over at Nene-senpai's place tonight...
*That's right...*
*Meguru has fully accepted me.*
*There is no longer any need to hold back my feelings.*
================================================================================
*The way I see it...*
*Relationships deepen whenever you learn more about one another.*
*For instance, you tend to grow attracted to people when you see something special in them you don't see in anyone else.*
*The same goes for when you begin start dating someone.*
*When two people learn that they love each other, their relationship naturally evolves into a romantic one.*
*That's just how it is.*
Meguru: Senpai! Helloha!
Shuuji: Morning, Meguru.
*Point being, now that Meguru and I have slept with each other, we've had the pleasure of exchanging our feelings in a totally new way.*
*And as a result, I feel like our relationship has grown deeper than ever before.*
Shuuji: We've really turned this detour into our own little custom, huh?
*Like usual, we're on our way to school together after meeting up in the morning. *
Meguru: Well, it's perfect since nobody's ever around this early.
Shuuji: It's perfect for what?
Meguru: It's perfect for doing this... Hahh!
*Meguru wraps her arm around mine and grabs my hand.*
*She then leans her head on me and rubs her cheek against my bicep like a cuddly kitten.*
Meguru: Ehehehe, Senpai♪
Shuuji: Hmm. I suppose this is another morning custom for us...
Meguru: Right. I can't not do this. Not after spending the whole night apart.
Meguru: Senpai, Senpai! I love you today again too♪
Shuuji: ...Haha.
*Meguru's been like this ever since our first time, when we took our relationship to the next level.*
*She's been seriously touchy-feely, refusing to leave my side and always wanting to cuddle.*
Meguru: Ehehe♪
*And as is obvious, she's been in the highest of spirits.*
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: What is it?
Shuuji: Nothing. I was just thinking about how happy you seem right now.
Meguru: Well, of course I am. I've been wanting to do this ever since I got home yesterday!
Meguru: And now it's happening! I'm super happy about that.
Shuuji: You wanted it that badly?
Meguru: This is how I express my love for you, you know?
Meguru: You can tell, can't you? Like this. Senpai, Senpai♪
Shuuji: ...Yeah. My arm is practically tingling from all the love you're sending me.
*Meguru is trying to express her feelings with her whole body.*
*"I love you." "So much that this is all I ever want to do." The feelings she's expressing run deeper than words.*
*And since she's saying that doing this makes her happy... It's not just my arm that's tingling. A tingling, sweet heat is coursing through my entire body.*
Shuuji: ...Thank you, Meguru.
Meguru: Aahh!
*I affectionately whisper my appreciation to her. In response, Meguru lets out a strangely erotic moan.*
Meguru: Y-Yeah, this part is also good. Haahh...
Shuuji: What do you mean?
Meguru: When I'm clinging to you like this, your voice comes from right next to my ear.
Shuuji: True. Especially when I've turned toward you.
Meguru: And sometimes you whisper in a low voice, right? And man...
Meguru: It totally gives me the chills! Such a sexy voice coming from right next to my ear is too much to handle!
Shuuji: I-I have a sexy voice?
*I never knew that... Nobody's ever told me that before.*
Meguru: Well, compared to otome game voice actors, it's maybe average at best.
Shuuji: Hey.
Meguru: But it's sexy to me... Wh-When we were doing it, you whispered a lot into my ear, right?
Shuuji: Y-Yeah... It's a little embarrassing to think back on though.
Meguru: Well, I've been thinking about it too. The fact that I'm yours... How jittery from happiness I was...
Meguru: And how I really love you... 
Shuuji: ......
*Yeah, I've been jittery from happiness too.*
*It's not that we've learned everything about each other, but more that we've discovered how to start that process of learning.*
*Now that we've had sex, we've essentially become better at reading each other's feelings.*
*I guess the result of that is this embarrassing morning exchange we're having―and let's not forget how cute and cuddly Meguru has become.*
Meguru: Besides, you like this too, don't you?
*With her head still resting on my arm, Meguru flashes me a mischievous smile.*
Meguru: You love it when I do this... right?
Shuuji: Who knows. What do you think?
*I play dumb and smile back at her.*
Meguru: Senpai, you do realize you've been grinning this whole time, don't you?
Shuuji: ...Well, there's your answer.
Meguru: I want to hear you say it. Come on, you've made me say all these things, so now it's your turn.
Shuuji: I didn't make you say anything. You did that all yourself.
Meguru: *stare*
Shuuji: You trying to stare the words out of me?
Meguru: I'm just transmitting my feelings to you. This way, I don't have to say them for you to understand.
Meguru: Come on, just say it! I wanna hear it from your mouth.
Shuuji: I'm just transmitting my feelings without saying them too.
Meguru: Senpai...?
Shuuji: ...I'm beyond happy. I feel happy to see you so relaxed around me. You're practically oozing with love for me, and it's crazy cute.
Meguru: Heh, hehehe~
Meguru: Senpai♪ Ehehe! Senpai, Senpai♪
*A beaming smile fills Meguru's face as she rubs her rosy cheeks on my arm.*
*She's leaning her entire body against me in the process. I can feel her entire weight on me as well as the elasticity of her soft breasts.*
*There's not a cuter sight in the world than when Meguru is happy like this.*
Meguru: Am I really that cute~?
Shuuji: You are. I love you!
Meguru: Hehehehe~
Meguru: Oh geez, Senpai. You sound like you're head over heels for me.
Meguru: Not that I'm any better, though. See what I mean? Ehehe, take this! Senpai, Senpai, can you tell?
*And so, the two of us make our way to school while flirting incessantly. And then...*
Meguru: Okay, time to let go.
*Meguru readily lets go of my arm once we reach the vicinity of the school.*
Shuuji: You always let go once we get to this point.
Meguru: Of course. I love clinging to you, but...
Tsumugi: Meguru-chan! Hoshina-kun!
Meguru: Ah, Tsumugi-senpai! Helloha!
Tsumugi: Helloha!
Shuuji: Morning, Shiiba-san.
Tsumugi: Yeah, good morning. I see you've come to school together again. Hehehe, you're so close.
Meguru: Of course we are! It's me and Senpai, after all! Right, Senpai?!
Shuuji: If anything, we've been getting closer.
Tsumugi: Ahh, it's wonderful how open you two are with each other.
Meguru: It's thanks to you. Really, thank you for everything.
Tsumugi: That's not true, but still, you're welcome.
Tsumugi: Alright, I don't want to get in the way of your time together, so I'll go on ahead.
Meguru: 'Kay. Later, Tsumugi-senpai!
*The two of us see Shiiba-san off as she makes for the entrance ahead of us.*
*Once she's out of sight, Meguru and I turn to face each other again.  *
Meguru: ...So yeah, I think it's better to keep a low profile while there are people around.
Shuuji: Says the girl who'd hug Ayachi-san in the middle of a crowded room.
Meguru: Maybe, but it would totally weird everyone out if I did that to a guy, like you.
Shuuji: Yeah, I guess so. We wouldn't want another crazy rumor to spread.
Meguru: Flirting and making out isn't something you should be doing in the open in the first place.
*Meguru is generally very sensible in this regard.*
*And honestly, I'd like to keep Meguru's cutest moments all for myself, so this works for me.*
Meguru: But instead, maybe we can...
*Meguru glances around restlessly.*
Meguru: ...Senpai, let's go over there for a moment.
Shuuji: Yes ma'am.
*Meguru drags me by the cuff of my uniform behind a corner, where no one can see us.*
Shuuji: So, instead, we'll do what?
Meguru: You know... Can I?
Shuuji: Come here, Meguru.
Meguru: Senpai!
*We embrace each other and press our lips together.*
Meguru: *kiss* Senpai... *kiss* Senpai! Mm, mmph...
Shuuji: Mhh... Yet another morning custom of ours.
Meguru: I mean, I gotta get my fill before school starts.
Meguru: *kiss* *kiss* It's okay as long as no one sees us. Mmpah, mmph...
*Her kisses express her desire to be clingy by more than just hugging.*
*Once we start, it's like the floodgates open and she has to make up for all the time we spent not being intimate.*
Meguru: Senpai... *kiss* *kiss* *smooch* Mm, mmpah, mmph...
*We quickly move past the mere pecking of our lips and instead begin passionately rubbing them together.*
Meguru: Senpai, I love you... *kiss* Mm, mmph... *kiss*
Shuuji: Me too. I really love you, Meguru... Mmph...
Meguru: I'm so happy. Om, mmpah... Senpai, I'm so happy. Mmm... All I wanna do is kiss... Mmph♪
*This is no playful embrace. This is something only two people in love do.*
*The act of conveying and seeking each other's feelings has become something we can't go without in our daily lives anymore.*
*Having made out to our hearts' content, we part and head to our respective classrooms.*
*Man, that got kind of intense. My lips are still tingling a little.*
Hideaki: Ohh?
Shuuji: Yo, good morning. What's wrong?
Hideaki: What's wrong is that you just entered the classroom with the dumbest smile on your face.
Shuuji: Oh, did I?
Wakana: You sure did. It was like you came in holding a big old sign saying, "Look at me, I'm living life to the fullest!"
Hideaki: Which is why I was like, "God, this guy's annoying!"
Shuuji: I thought you were rooting for me and Meguru?
*Huh, crazy. Was I really smiling that much?*
Wakana: We are rooting for you. There's no greater blessing than being called annoying when you're this happy.
Hideaki: She said it. Anyone's gonna think that when they see you being so happy.
Shuuji: Yeah, I get that. But anyone's gonna smile when life's this good.
Wakana: Wow, you actually said it.
Hideaki: When people change, they change a lot. Shuuji's living proof of that.
Wakana: Sure is.
Shuuji: Yeah... It's all thanks to Meguru.
Hideaki: Damn, this guy just doesn't stop.
Wakana: You've grown so powerful... So strong... Is this love's true power?
*I mean, this is still pretty damn embarrassing.*
*With a sheepish smile, I give them a slight wave and head over to my seat.*
Shuuji: Oh, good morning, Ayachi-san. Shiiba-san, thank you for earlier.
Nene: Good morning, Hoshina-kun.
Tsumugi: Didn't we get to school at around the same time? I wonder, why did you arrive at class so much later than me?
Shuuji: Don't ask questions you already know the answer to.
Nene: Inaba-san wouldn't let go of you?
Shuuji: ...Yeah. She's become pretty attached to me lately, thanks to your help.
Shuuji: We have to go to school together every morning, and when we part, it, well... it takes time.
*And really, I've become just as attached to her.*
*I definitely can't beat Meguru in terms of sweetness though.*
Tsumugi: I didn't know it was on that level. Wow...
Nene: That's amazing. I can't even picture it.
Tsumugi: Yeah, she doesn't seem too different when we're around.
Tsumugi: What is she like when you two are alone?
Shuuji: Well, um... That's a secret...
Nene, Tsumugi: ......
Tsumugi: H-Hoshina-kun has the biggest grin on his face!
Nene: Yeah. And his face also grew red in an instant... I-I suppose that answers your question.
Shuuji: I can hear you guys. Though, I suppose it's easy to guess what I meant by "a secret."
Shuuji: Oh, sorry. Got a text.
*I take out my phone and pull up the text.*
Shuuji: ......
Nene: The grin has intensified...
Tsumugi: Hey, Hoshina-kun, is that from Meguru-chan?
Shuuji: Y-Yeah, it's her...
*―Break time between the first and second periods.*
Meguru: Mmm... *kiss* *slurp* Senpai...
*Hidden behind a corner, the two of us are making out again.*
*She texted me saying that she wanted to spend some time together during our first break of the day. How could I possibly say no to that?*
Shuuji: You're like a fawning kitten.
Meguru: Is that a problem? I just wanna keep seeing for myself...
Meguru: Seeing how close we've become. Mmph, mm...
Shuuji: Mmph...
Meguru: *kiss* *kiss* Senpai. Mmm, Senpai, I love you... Mm, mmph...
*Maybe she wants to express her feelings through more than just words, or maybe she simply can't fight the urge to make out.*
*But regardless, Meguru incessantly pecks away at my lips. It's giving me the chills more than our kissing did this morning.*
Meguru: Haah... Ehehe, Senpai♪
Shuuji: Wow... Our kissing has been a lot getting more intense lately.
Meguru: Yeah. I'm not about to complain about that. Ehehe♪
*She hugs me tightly and looks up at me with her saliva-smeared lips spread into a smile. Seeing this, I just can't help myself.*
Shuuji: ...Alright.
*―The next break.*
Hideaki: Huh? You going somewhere again? Gotta take a leak or something?
Hideaki: No, wait. I know what that shit-eating grin means...
Shuuji: Don't worry about it...!
*I bail out of my classroom and head over to the second building as soon as break begins.*
Meguru: Mm... *kiss*
*After meeting up with Meguru in the empty hallway there, we lock each other in our arms and kiss again.*
Shuuji: Haah... Meguru...
Meguru: Ehehe. This time, you called me out.
Shuuji: Well... Of course I'd want a second round after how intense our kisses got last time.
*I had sent Meguru a text the moment I got back to my classroom.*
Meguru: Mmph! I'm so happy, Senpai... *kiss* *peck*
*Like I said before, Meguru has certainly grown a lot more attached to me after we had sex.*
*But really, I'm just as guilty of that as she is.*
*A strong sweetness flows out of her, conveying how joyful she is over our passionate kisses.*
Shuuji: So am I, Meguru...
Meguru: Mm, mmpah! Mmph... Hahh! *kiss* *kiss*
Meguru: Ahh, the way you're kissing me is amazing... You're, mm, mmph, licking me...
Shuuji: I can't help it. Your lips are just that delicious.
Meguru: I-It's the same for me. Mmph! *kiss* *lick*
*And naturally, we meet up during the next break as well, having yet to grow tired of kissing.*
Shuuji: Meguru...
Meguru: Senpai... Mmph!
Meguru: Haaah... Mmpah... I can't believe it. Mm... We're kissing so much.
Shuuji: I don't think I'll ever get enough... I love you too much for that.
Meguru: Yeah, totally... Mmph. Neither will I... Senpai, I love you... I wanna kiss lots and lots. *kiss*
Shuuji: Meguru, Meguru...!
Meguru: Mm, mmph?! Hahh... *kiss* *slurp* Ahh! Mmph! *slurp* *lick*
*Each one of our kissing sessions is bolder than the last.*
*We're already past the point of licking each other's lips.*
*We've now moved on to entwining our tongues. We're French kissing.*
Shuuji: I feel like I've made a new discovery...
Meguru: Fuahh... Mmph, mm, mmm! *pant* *pant* Ah, ahh! Senpai... Mmph... *kiss* Mmnn!
Shuuji: Looks like you really enjoy tongue kissing.
Shuuji: Your knees buckle whenever I slip my tongue into your mouth. How adorable... *kiss*!
Meguru: Mm, mmm! Mmmph!
*I grab her waist and pull it towards me so she won't fall, and Meguru twitches sensually in response.*
*It's an immensely satisfying reaction. Seeing that, I caress her lower back and waist repeatedly, which eventually leads to Meguru glaring up at me while clinging onto me.*
Meguru: Ahh! Oh no... I feel like I'm being totally dominated...
Shuuji: It's not like I'm trying to.
Shuuji: Your reactions when I tongue kiss you and pull you in by the waist are just too good. I can't help myself.
Meguru: Actually, how are you so good at finding my weak spots, anyway? What kinda lecher are you?
Shuuji: I-It's a pure expression of my love.
Meguru: Senpai, just FYI, you totally look like you're in super-perv Senpai mode.
Shuuji: It's hard to deny that. It's so erotic, the way you twitch... See?
Meguru: Hyahn?! H-Hey, don't pull me by my waist! It really does make me twitch...
Shuuji: You're so cute, Meguru.
Meguru: Nnngh... This sucks.
Shuuji: Being complimented sucks?
Meguru: No, but you having the upper hand does! Let me discover one of your weak spots too!
*And so, during our lunch break in the courtyard behind a tree...*
Meguru: Take this! Tickle tickle!
Shuuji: Nope. Not ticklish at all there.
Meguru: Then... Here!
Shuuji: Ngh!
Meguru: Ah! You twitched! Looks like your sides are ticklish!
Shuuji: I don't think there's a person on this planet whose sides aren't ticklish.
Meguru: Is that so? But my sides aren't ticklish.
Shuuji: Oh, really... Let's put that to the test.
Meguru: Guard!
Shuuji: Meguru-san? Aren't we being a little unfair?
Meguru: I dunno what you're talking about♪
Meguru: So, what about here? How d'ya like this? Hehe.
Shuuji: Ah, hey! Look, if you poke me there―Hyah?!
Meguru: Ahahaha! What a wonderful yelp!
Shuuji: Why you little...!
Meguru: Kyaah! Hey! Pulling my arms up is cheating! Ahaha! You big pervert! Super-perv Senpai is at it again!
*She seems to be enjoying herself. That makes two of us.*
*Goofing around like this is something I can only do with Meguru.*
Meguru: Ah!
*Suddenly, my hand slips, and I accidentally poke one of Meguru's soft breasts.*
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: S-Sorry. Did that hurt?
Meguru: No, it didn't, but...
Meguru: ...You're seriously such a perv.
Shuuji: I-I didn't want to touch you there. My hand just slipped.
Meguru: ...Oh is that so? You don't want to touch my breasts, is it? 
Shuuji: What do you want me to do?!
Meguru: *stare*
*...An intense bittersweet taste fills my mouth.*
Meguru: I want you... t-to do what a boyfriend would. U-Umm...
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: Ah!
*I put my arms around her shoulders and draw her towards me, and I then bring my face close to hers.*
Meguru: Senpai...
Shuuji: Sorry. Did it hurt?
Meguru: No, not really...
Shuuji: Okay, but still... I'm sorry.
Meguru: No, it's okay... I don't mind if it's you.
Meguru: I'll forgive you if you give me a kiss.
Shuuji: ...Can I touch you again too?
Meguru: I-If it's just a little, then... okay. I also wouldn't mind if you touched me... there again...
Shuuji: Look who's the pervert now.
Meguru: It's you who made me this way! Nn... Senpai, hurry up and kiss me...
Shuuji: Okay. Meguru... close your eyes.
*I then move in to gently place my lips on―*
Touko: Ahh, so this is how they are when they're alone. Coming to see them was worth it.
Meguru, Shuuji: ......
Touko: That which doesn't kill a couple brings them closer. This is the true essence of love♪
Nene: I-I never imagined they'd show us something so extreme...
Tsumugi: Yeah, I'm surprised... I'll get diabetes from all this sweetness.
Nene: I know I shouldn't complain because their relationship gives us so many fragments, but still...
Tsumugi: Y-Yeah. I don't know what I'd do if they ever did something like this in the clubroom...
Nene: Yes... I think I could explode from embarrassment if they ever did that...
Meguru: N-Not happening! We'd never do anything like that in the clubroom!
Shuuji: And what do you guys mean "showing us"?! You're the ones who came to peep on us!
Touko: That just shows how much of an impact it left.
Meguru: No excuses!
*Well, I'm grateful that they're trying to watch out for us and all.*
*I mean, there's no denying that that Meguru and I were only able to grow so intimate thanks to everyone in the OC.*
*At least we were able to avoid the worst-case scenario by noticing them before we actually kissed.*
*And with that little incident now behind us, school eventually ends for today.*
Meguru: I-I feel kinda weird going to club now after what happened during lunch.
Shuuji: Yeah, um, the prospect of walking to the clubroom with Ayachi-san and Shiiba-san seemed way too awkward to do.
Meguru: So that's why you came to pick me up today.
Shuuji: Pretty much. If it's gonna be embarrassing anyway, I'd rather go through it together with you.
Meguru: Though, everyone noticed when you came for me, which was kinda embarrassing on its own.
Shuuji: Oh, should we have met somewhere else instead?
Meguru: No! I was happy you came for me.
Shuuji: Phew. That's good.
*I also got to see Meguru among her classmates. It's been a while.*
*They all playfully teased her when I showed up. Meguru looked embarrassed, but I think she really enjoyed it.*
Shuuji: I guess it came true on its own, huh?
Meguru: Huh? What do you mean?
Shuuji: Remember what you came to the OC for in the first place?
Shuuji: The "please make me popular" thing. You seemed rather popular in your class just now, wouldn't you say?
Meguru: Oh, I don't know about that... I feel like they were just teasing me.
Shuuji: You don't tease people like that unless you like them.
Meguru: Yeah, I guess...
Shuuji: You even played along and acted angry when that one girl poked you with her elbow.
Shuuji: That's not the kind of thing you can do unless you're comfortable around each other. You may be more popular than you think.
Meguru: ......
Meguru: Maybe, but if so, that didn't happen on its own.
Meguru: You made it happen...
*Meguru nestles up to me, but quickly pulls away since we're in the middle of the crowded hallway.*
*That bittersweet taste fills my mouth. It's sweeter than usual this time.*
Shuuji: Ahaha... I'd be happy if that were the case.
Meguru: ...Oh yeah. By the way, were you okay in there?
Shuuji: What do you mean?
Meguru: Well, you said it can get rough when a lot of people stare at you, right?
Shuuji: ......
*I find myself puzzled for a moment.*
*What Meguru said is certainly true, but...*
Meguru: I know it's late, but I got a little worried. You got sick the last time this happened.
Meguru: So I figured that if you're not feeling well, then, um, maybe I can s-soothe you...
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: Hey, that was really embarrassing for me, so at least say something! Don't just leave me hanging!
Shuuji: Oh, sorry. That wasn't on purpose.
Shuuji: It's just that, strangely enough, I didn't notice anything like that. It didn't even cross my mind until you pointed that out.
Meguru: What do you mean by that?
Shuuji: Well, I'm sure some people had to have been looking at me out of jealousy and stuff.
*Sure, her friends were positive, but that wouldn't necessarily go for everyone there.*
*There must have been a few jealous people in her glass glaring at us.*
*Especially among the guys. I'm definitely not the only one who finds Meguru super cute. She wouldn't have won a top-ten finish in the Halloween costume contest if I was.*
*So by all means, I should've felt the stabbing pain I've always felt before whenever people glared at me.*
Shuuji: But for some reason I was completely fine. I didn't notice anyone looking at me like that.
Shuuji: And now that I think about it, I haven't noticed anything like that at all lately, not just today. I wonder why.
Meguru: Do you think...
Meguru: That's because... you have me?
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: You know, like, because you're devoting yourself to me, stuff like jealousy doesn't faze you anymore... or something.
Meguru: M-My... l-l-l-love for you is strong enough to overpower other emotions... or something?
Shuuji: Hmm...
Meguru: Hey, what's with that calm reaction?! You need to get flustered too when I say something that embarrassing!
Shuuji: Oh, er, sorry... I was just thinking about what you said.
Shuuji: You may be right about that. The only thing I've been detecting with my ability lately is the bittersweet taste coming from you.
Meguru: Ah...
*I don't know what the actual reason is.*
*But the idea of it being because I have Meguru now makes me happy.*
Shuuji: Thank you, Meguru.
Meguru: Y-You don't have to thank me. We don't really know if that's true.
Meguru: Besides... I'm with you because I want to be.
Shuuji: Ahh... That sweet taste is so strong right now.
Meguru: It is for me too. What you just said was sooo sweet.
Shuuji: Haha.
Meguru: ...Ehehehe.
Meguru: L-Let's go to the clubroom.
Shuuji: Yeah, right. They'll think we're just flirting around again if we take too long.
Meguru: Totally, haha.
*As if to gloss over the sweet, tingling feeling we're both experiencing, we share a laugh together and speed up.*
*...Though, no matter what way you slice it, we were definitely flirting.*
Tsumugi: I'm sorry about what happened during lunch, Meguru-chan.
Meguru: Oh, it's okay! I guess we should also apologize, ahaha...
*It's now a little bit later at the club.*
*Lately, there hasn't been anyone coming here to consult us. We've only been getting the occasional person requesting a tarot reading.*
*So, while I do feel bad for Ayachi-san, we other club members are just kicking back and taking it easy.*
*...Though, I've been absent a lot lately, so I'd like to find some way to chip in, if possible.*
Touko: Hmm, why the long face, Hoshina-kun? I thought you'd be happier.
Shuuji: Oh, uh, well... Man, you're always so quick to spot these things. 
Meguru: Yeah, that's Togakushi-senpai for you.
Touko: Mufufu. So Hoshina-kun, what's the problem?
Meguru: Oh, yeah. I wanna know too.
Shuuji: It's nothing all that deep... Or maybe it is, but not in the way you think.
Shuuji: I just feel kinda bad about how little I've been contributing to the club lately.
Meguru: Ohh... Y-Yeah, we have been missing a lot of days lately...
Shuuji: And I spent most of that time off with Meguru.
Meguru: Ah... H-Hey, you're not gonna tell everyone, are you?! You dummy!
Shuuji: Look, I know it's embarrassing that we skipped to play MonHun together, but that's how it is.
Meguru: Wait, what?! I thought you meant... Oh, wait. Yeah, you're right! Don't mind me!
*Naturally, we haven't told the others that we've had sex.*
*So Meguru can only agree with me. It's super cute how her face has turned red as a tomato, though.*
Touko: Hehehe♪
Shuuji: Anyway, getting back on track, that's how it is.
Touko: Okay. I know how you feel, but I don't think it's something you have to feel bad about. Don't you two agree?
Tsumugi: I don't mind at all, since you two growing closer means our fragments come back faster.
Nene: It may be not very appropriate to regard that as a club activity...
Nene: But I'm still grateful to you. Like I've said many times now, you don't need to worry about that.
Meguru: Ahaha. Thanks... Really, thanks for everything.
Shuuji: I appreciate the sentiment, but it's still hard to accept that as an excuse to do nothing.
Nene: Yes, I understand that.
Touko: Would it help you feel better a little if we had you contribute in another way?
Shuuji: Huh? W-Well... Sure, I'll help out any way I can.
Touko: You heard the man, everyone.
Touko: Then I think it's time you told us how far you two have gone♪
Shuuji: ?!
*I walked right into that one!*
Touko: You two are curious about that as well, aren't you?
Tsumugi: Huh?! O-Oh, well... I suppose I'm not NOT curious.
Nene: I-I'm not really curious at all... I'm not the least bit curious about whether they've started using toys, and if so, what kind they're using.
Shuuji: We are NOT using toys, okay?! We do it normally!
Touko: Nice. Tell us more.
Touko: Since we now know you two have at least done the deed.
Shuuji: Wha?! Oh, shit!
*I turn to Meguru to find her panicking even more than I am.*
*We had agreed that we wouldn't share this information in the clubroom, so surely...*
Meguru: Ah! Wah, aahh! U-Umm!
Touko: How was it for you, Inaba-san?
Meguru: ―――?! F-For me?!
Meguru: I-I can't say that! There's no way I could talk about that!
*That's my girl. She may be completely flustered, but her sense of virtue has prevailed. Or maybe just plain common sense.*
*Yeah, obviously she would never spill the beans.*
Shuuji: Ahem... You heard her. I won't tell you anything, either.
Touko: Aww. You two sure are tight-lipped.
Tsumugi: B-But Meguru-chan... Umm...
Nene: You've already done it several times, right?
Meguru: Huh?! N-No, just one time so far!
Shuuji: Hey! Meguru?!
Tsumugi: Ohh, really? Sorry. I thought for sure you've been doing it a lot...
Meguru: No, only the one time, just the other day! It was like we finally got to lay all our feelings bare and truly connect...
Meguru: That's what made it truly amazing...
Shuuji: Uh, Earth to Meguru! Think about what you're saying!
Nene: I-In what way was it amazing?
Meguru: Senpai was truly crazy about me... and I was crazy about him...
Meguru: It was so intense! We were both covered in sweat, and I could hear him breathing heavily right next to my ear, and I could feel his heat inside me!
Nene, Tsumugi: *gulp*!
Meguru: I could tell that he really loves me... All I could think about was how much I loved him too.
Shuuji: Meguru?! Meguru!!
Meguru: Y-Yeah, that's how it was! He would call out my name next to my ear while slamming his hips against me. And I was moaning so much...
Touko: I see... So, Inaba-san...
Meguru: Yeah...?
Touko: You realize this boyfriend you spent such a cherished moment with has collapsed and looks to be on the verge of death, right?
Meguru: ......
Meguru: ?! Ah, aaaaaaaaaahhh?!
*It's too late to come back to your senses now, Meguru!*
Shuuji: You've told them everything... What am I supposed to do with my life now? Someone put me out of my misery!
Meguru: I-I'm, I'm so sorry, Senpai! I'm so stupid, aaahhhh! I'm sorry!
Touko: Wow, though. That was one heck of a club contribution.
Tsumugi: Th-That was very informative. Really. Though, I don't know how I'm going to look you two in the eyes anymore.
Nene: But really, I guess... intercourse really is as wonderful as they say.
Meguru: Gyaaaahahaaa! Forget it all! Forget everything I said! It may have been the most unforgettable moment of my life, but still!
*...With every one of us (Togakushi-senpai aside) embarrassed beyond words, we've all decided never speak of it again.*
*Like, seriously. That was almost bad enough to destroy the OC!*
Nene: O-Okay, we're parting ways here. Goodbye, you two.
Meguru: Ah, r-right. Goodbye, then.
Touko: Today was fun. See you tomorrow.
Shuuji: Yeah, see you all later.
Tsumugi: Bye-bye.
*After leaving the school together (with some awkwardness still lingering between us), the rest of the group parts ways from us.*
*Or more like, they're seeing me and Meguru off.*
Shuuji: Phew... Well, um, let's just forget incident that ever happened. 
Meguru: R-Roger that!
Meguru: Anyway, maybe this is another new custom. They've left us to ourselves again.
Shuuji: And it's not like we needed to part ways here. You usually go the same way as them until you get to the station, right?
Meguru: Hey, what're you saying? They're just looking out for us.
Shuuji: Yeah, I know. I'm just mentioning it because I'm grateful to them.
Shuuji: Even though it's kinda embarrassing. Anyway... Meguru?
Meguru: Ah... Y-Yeah?
Shuuji: Wanna stop by my place for a while?
Meguru: ...Yeah!
Meguru: Give me a moment while I text my mom!
*And so Meguru has come over to my place as the final highlight of the day.*
Meguru: Hehehe, Senpai♪
Shuuji: Haha, it's hard to play with you clinging to me like this.
Meguru: Deal with it♪
*We decided to start off by playing some MonHun together, but Meguru has ended up practically on top of me in no time.*
*I can barely even play anymore! And I love it!*
Meguru: Alright, that's one quest down.
Shuuji: Let's leave it at that for today. I'd like to unwind a little.
Meguru: Right. Playing MonHun together is fun, but I don't like how we're looking at the screens instead of each other.
Shuuji: Oh, really? Are you saying you want me to look at you some more?
Meguru: *turns away*
Shuuji: ...Hellooo?
Meguru: Ahaha. I have no idea what you're talking about.
Shuuji: Turn around, or I'll make you!
Meguru: Kyaah! Hey, ahaha! Senpai, that tickles! Ahaha, nooo, stop it! Ahahaha!
*Our MonHun session seamlessly transitions into flirting.*
*I have to say... We've been turning into a pair of hopeless lovebirds lately. And it's wonderful.*
Meguru: ......
*Meguru suddenly stops moving.*
Shuuji: What's wrong?
Meguru: Oh, sorry! Umm...
Meguru: I just suddenly remembered you-know-what. Ahaha...
*Meguru blushes fiercely and shoots a glance over at my bed.*
*It's clear as day what she's remembering. Her embarrassment is infectious, and my face quickly grows hot as well.*
Shuuji: ...I'm not surprised, considering how much you gushed about it in the clubroom.
Meguru: I-I didn't have a choice, since they asked.
Shuuji: Er, you went into an awful lot of detail, though. Stuff nobody asked for.
Meguru: I-I didn't know how to talk my way out of it, and then once I started talking, everything came back to me...
Meguru: Aren't you the same way sometimes? Am I the only one who still thinks about it?
Shuuji: No, I think about it all the time.
Meguru: Your face is bright red, Senpai.
Shuuji: ...Especially whenever we cuddle up.
Meguru: Ah...
Meguru: S-So does that mean, right now as well?
Shuuji: Yeah. I thought about it a lot this morning too.
Meguru: ...You super perv.
Shuuji: But you're the same way, aren't you?
Meguru: Y-Yeah. That makes me a super perv as well...
Meguru: I'm still so happy about it. I can't stop thinking about it...
Shuuji: ...Yeah, me too.
*I have to admit, though, that this might be a dangerous topic to have while we're alone and cuddling right next to the bed we did it on...*
Meguru: ...Sex was amazing, wasn't it?
Shuuji: It sure was... Like you said back in the clubroom...
Shuuji: We really were both covered in sweat and crazy about each other, thinking of nothing else.
Meguru: When I think about it, it's hard to believe how into it I was...
Meguru: I even showed you my privates and didn't mind at all.
Shuuji: Yeah, I feel the same way.
Meguru: Yeah, especially with how you were panting like crazy.
Shuuji: And you were moaning like crazy.
Meguru: W-Well, duh. We were having sex!
Meguru: I mean, your big thing was... th-thrusting in and out of me so vigorously...
Shuuji: ...Sorry. I got really rough even though it was your first time. It must've hurt.
Meguru: I-It's okay! I'm a girl. Umm, that's just how it is with sex.
Meguru: Besides... I could feel with my entire body that you did that because of how much you love me...
Shuuji: ...Yeah, you did seem to enjoy it quite a bit.
Meguru: D-Don't put it like that! You make it sound like I'm some kind of slut!
Shuuji: I was happy you enjoyed it. I got rougher when I saw that you did...
Meguru: ...Y-Yeah. Umm, err, how should I put it... Thank you for getting for getting so big and hard over me.
Shuuji: And thank you for the delicious meal.
Meguru: A-Are you saying that stuff on purpose?!
Shuuji: Haha.
Meguru: ...Hehe.
Meguru: I-It really was amazing.
Shuuji: Yeah...
*The two of us can't help and think back about that precious moment.*
*I feel like the more we talk about it, the more vivid the memory becomes in our minds.*
Meguru: Um... Senpai...
Meguru: Let's... do it again sometime.
Shuuji: Y-Yeah...
*Seeing Meguru fidget around out of embarrassment, I naturally glance over at my bed.*
*We could do it again, like our first time. Right there, a few feet away from us.*
Shuuji: ......
*I loosen up my collar.*
*I've been feeling hot for a while now.*
*To put it bluntly, I'm already turned on and ready to go.*
*"Let's do it again," she said.*
*Dad won't be home for a good while...*
Shuuji: *gulp*
Meguru: ...Ah.
Meguru: S-Senpai. Right now...?
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: I-I did come over to your room, after all! I guess that's like giving my okay! That's how guys think, right?
Meguru: So, of course...
Shuuji: ...Meguru.
Meguru: Y-Yesh?! Um, well, I won't say no! It's just that it still kinda hurts, and...
Shuuji: Take this!
Meguru: Nn?!
*I poke Meguru right in the forehead.*
Meguru: ...S-Senpai?
Shuuji: Thanks, but no. We won't do it today.
Meguru: Huh? B-But...
Shuuji: Honestly, I'd love to do it. I'm a guy, after all.
Meguru: Th-Then...!
Shuuji: But I can restrain myself. I don't have a problem doing so, and it actually makes me feel a little proud.
Shuuji: I love you even more now than I did back then. I just want to treat you right.
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: It still hurts a little, right?
Meguru: ...Senpai!
Shuuji: So yeah, I'm half-saying this just to look cool, but that's really how I feel.
Meguru: ~~~! Senpai!
Shuuji: Whoa there.
*Meguru leaps into my chest and warps her arms around me.*
Meguru: Senpai, Senpai! I love you! Mmph! *kiss*
*She then begins to passionately kiss me.*
Meguru: You're the best! You really care that much about me?!
Shuuji: Yeah, of course I do. You're important to me, and I love you.
Meguru: I love you too! Senpai, I love you so much! Mmph! *kiss* I'm so happy you're the one I gave my virginity to!
*On top of her kisses, I can sense an absolutely delicious taste coming from her.*
*I'll refrain from sex today, but at least I can still do this...*
Shuuji: *lick*
Meguru: Fuaah! S-Senpai, you licked me.
Shuuji: You seemed so delicious that I couldn't resist. I'm okay not having sex today, but I want to do at least this much.
Meguru: Geez... Then I'm returning the favor!
Meguru: *peck* *kiss* Mm... Hehe♪ Senpai, Senpai... *kiss* *peck* Heh, hehehe♪
*I shower Meguru's cheeks and ears with kisses and licks, and Meguru does the same with me.*
*This is more intimate than cuddling, but much less so than sex. We're just a couple of sweethearts making out with each other.*
Meguru: Are you more sensitive here?
Shuuji: It feels nice, but I don't think I'm all that sensitive there.
Meguru: I think it's about time you tell me where your weak points are.
Shuuji: Honestly, I'm not even sure.
Meguru: Well, looks like it's on me to find them for you. Hehehe.
Shuuji: If anything, I'd say your feelings of happiness are my biggest weak points.
Meguru: Huh?
Shuuji: They're the reason I licked you even though I said I'd hold back just a moment ago.
Meguru: So then, I guess that means you're just making things harder on yourself whenever you make me happy, huh?
Meguru: Y-You're not going to stop making me feel happy because of that, are you?
Shuuji: *kiss*
Meguru: Haahn!
Shuuji: *kiss* *kiss* *lick*
Meguru: Uhehe... G-Geez, Senpaai!
Meguru: Hahmm! *kiss* *smack* Mmph... *kiss* Senpai... I'm so happy... Senpai!
*After that, we relocated to the kitchen and Meguru made dinner.*
*It seems this is something she's been wanting to do for me.*
Shuuji: Phew... Thanks a lot, that was delicious.
Meguru: You're welcome.
Shuuji: Seriously. That tasted so good!
Meguru: Ahaha... Thank you...
Meguru: Y-You're in for a surprise if something this simple is already enough to make you say that.
Shuuji: Also thanks for making my dad a share as well.
Meguru: Again, you're welcome... I've always dreamed of doing this.
Shuuji: You mean... this kind of husband and wife stuff?
Meguru: I-I never said that! But you're not wrong...
Shuuji: There won't be any strife with the mother in law, but you might find the father in law a handful... I can see me and him fighting wars over your amazing dinners.
Meguru: Oh, come on, you're making me blush with all this praise! What do I even say to that? Thank you!
*Damn, is she adorable. Seeing her happy always brings a smile to my face.*
*She's cheerful, sincere, cute, fun to play games with and she's even great at cooking.*
*I know it's a bit strange to only be thinking of this now, but Meguru is quite the catch, huh?*
Meguru: U-Umm, Senpai, by the way...
Shuuji: Hm? Wanna know when I'm gonna make you my wife?
Meguru: Oh, give it a rest! It's still too early for that! Don't get carried away just because we had sex once.
Shuuji: Too late. I already have. That's just how happy it made me.
Meguru: Uh... Y-Yeah. I guess I'm the same... I'm so crazy in love with you that I'm saying stuff like that...
Shuuji: Yeah, I know how you feel.
Meguru: ...Hehehe.
Shuuji: Anyway, what were you trying to say?
Meguru: Oh! Yeah, umm...
Meguru: ...I've been wondering about that photo.
Shuuji: Oh...
*Yeah, of course she'd be curious about a photo like that in an all-male household.*
Meguru: Is that your mother?
Shuuji: Yeah, that was my mom.
Meguru: I thought so. She kind of resembles you.
Shuuji: ...She does?
*That's kind of embarrassing. Nobody ever said that to me before.*
*That's not the kind of thing I can tell for myself...*
Meguru: Not really your face, but your general atmosphere.
Meguru: Your mom was a very pretty woman, but it's also like... she seemed very approachable, just like you.
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: Ah... D-Did I say something I shouldn't have?
Shuuji: No, sorry, you're okay. I've just never showed anyone else this photo before, so I'm not used to this kind of conversazione.
Shuuji: It's kinda embarrassing... I'm not sure how to react. 
Meguru: Umm... If you had to choose, would you say you're happy to hear that, or not?
Shuuji: I think I'd say I'm happy. It's nice to know that we look like mother and son to you.
Meguru: You really do. Though, I guess you're not nearly as sexy, considering your mom was so pretty.
Shuuji: Hey, you're seriously gonna point that out now?
Meguru: It's payback for earlier.
Meguru: But I see... This is your mom...
Meguru: What kind of person was she?
Shuuji: I don't really remember. I was still a little kid when she died.
Meguru: Oh... S-Sorry.
Shuuji: It's okay. I just don't know much more about her than you. I can only go by the impression I have from this photo.
Shuuji: That, and the stuff my dad tells me.
Meguru: ...Can you share some of that with me?
Shuuji: Sure. Dad told me that she was pretty, charming, and very sweet―the perfect woman, according to him.
Meguru: A-Are you sure he wasn't just bragging about her?
Shuuji: He definitely was. I can't see it any other way.
Meguru: Ahaha, he would even brag about her to his own son...
Shuuji: Yeah, it's clear that Dad still really loves her. So, moving on...
Shuuji: He also told me that she was deaf.
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: But he said that she was too kind and considerate to ever let that get in the way.
Shuuji: She would hand him what he needed whenever it popped into his mind, and she'd also be there whenever he was struggling with something.
Shuuji: Apparently, it was almost as if she could read minds.
Meguru: Senpai, do you mean...?
Shuuji: Yeah... Looks like my mom was a witch. I think she gathered fragments just like Ayachi-san and Shiiba-san are doing and attained a mind-reading ability.
Shuuji: It seems my mother passed some of that magic down to me, which is why I have my ability.
Meguru: ...I see. Then...
*Having come to some sort of understanding, Meguru straightens her back and faces the photo again.*
*She then presses the palms of her hands together.*
Meguru: Nice to meet you. My name is Inaba Meguru. I've been going out with your son.
Meguru: It seems he's been facing some hardships because of the magic he inherited from you...
Shuuji: ...Meguru?
Meguru: But it was thanks to your magic that we managed to hook up.
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: And now Senpai is head over heels for me. So... thank you for everything.
*This is the kind of girl Meguru is.*
*It makes me so happy see her paying her respects to my mom's photo.*
*And there's also what she said about my ability.*
*I've hated it all this time, but...*
*But Meguru confidently declared to my mom that, for her, it's nothing but a source of happiness.*
Shuuji: (Damn. I'm starting to get a little emotional...)
Meguru: Hehehe... Sorry about that, Senpai. And thank you.
Shuuji: Don't be sorry. I'll talk to her as well.
*I line up next to Meguru and press my hands together just like she did.*
*I then decisively state...*
Shuuji: Thank you, Mom.
Shuuji: As you can see, I was able to meet the most wonderful girl in the world thanks to you.
Meguru: Senpai...
Shuuji: Haha...
Meguru: ...Hehehe!
Shuuji: I love you. Nothing has ever made me happier than getting a girl like you as my girlfriend.
Meguru: I feel the same about you! I love you, Senpai. I want to be with you forever...
Shuuji: Meguru...
Meguru: Senpai... Your mom is watching, you know?
Shuuji: That's alright... I want to kiss you that badly.
Meguru: Fuaah... Senpai―
Taichi: I'm home!
Meguru, Shuuji: ?!?!
Taichi: Shuuji, what's for dinner? Hm?
Shuuji: W-W-Welcome home, Dad!
Meguru: H-H-Hello, I'm visiting today! Oh, wait, before that, it's nice to meet you! 
Taichi: Oh, um... Right. Of course.
Taichi: I just realized I forgot something at work. I'll be back in around two hours!
Shuuji: You're staying! You don't have to go that far for us!
*Oh god, of course dad was supposed to come home!*
*That fact had completely slipped my mind. That little romantic moment was going so well that I forgot everything else.*
*In the end, I convinced Dad to stay here and get to know Meguru some.*
*Meguru's face was red up to her ears, but she managed to give a very sincere greeting.*
*After that, I saw Meguru home and then came back here.*
Taichi: Wow, that girl sure was nice and earnest. We didn't talk long, but I could still tell.
Shuuji: Ah, yeah...
*I was a little worried since her looks are a little on the gaudy side, but it seems Dad was able to tell how she really is deep down.*
Taichi: *munch* *munch* She's one hell of a cook, too. It's great to have dinner made by a girl for once.
Shuuji: ...Yeah, you're right about that. Meguru might not look it, but she's quite the domestic girl.
Taichi: Yeah?
Shuuji: And that's not all. She's sincere, cheerful, cute, considerate, and very open minded.
Shuuji: And her smile when she's happy is just amazing! That's the side of her I lo―
Taichi: Hehe...
Shuuji: Oh, erm... Yeah...
Taichi: Please, go on. This is quite the rare sight.
Taichi: To think my boy Shuuji would ever talk this passionately about anything... She must be a very special girl to you. I'm happy for you, Son.
Shuuji: Y-Yeah...
Taichi: Yui, did you see that? That girl was so cute. But no, don't worry, you're still way prettier!
Taichi: So, go on. How far have you two gone? Didja nail her yet? Did the money I gave you help?
Shuuji: For chrissake, what kind of dad are you?! It's embarrassing when you ask that stuff like we're buddies!
Taichi: Well, teasing you wouldn't be any fun if you didn't get embarrassed.
Shuuji: Well, knock it off already!
Taichi: Why should I? This is a once-in-a-lifetime chance. Who knows when she'll get sick of you and dump you.
Shuuji: Don't even suggest that! She would never dump me! Our love is still passionate!
Taichi: Oh, is that so?
Shuuji: Ugh, c-crap...
Taichi: Nice. Well, keep it up, Son! Your dad's rooting for you! And I'm sure your mom is watching over you from Heaven!
Shuuji: Thanks... Okay then, I think that's enough of that...
*I'm so embarrassed I could die.*
Shuuji: ―That's what he said to me. He totally teased me.
Meguru: "Ahaha... At least that means he approves of us."
Shuuji: Well, yeah. Anyway, sorry for letting you get blindsided by my dad like that.
*I've called Meguru after getting back to my room.*
*I've apologized once already when we parted, but I want to do so again.*
Meguru: "That's totally fine. Actually, I'm glad it happened. I wanted to meet him as soon as possible anyway."
Meguru: "After all, relationships involve more than just the two people dating."
Shuuji: You sure do take these things seriously, huh?
Meguru: "Oh, right! I need to introduce you to my parents next!"
Shuuji: Uh... R-Right, of course...
*I'm getting embarrassed at just the thought of talking to her parents.*
*But since I had Meguru meet my dad, I can't say no. And I know I need to do this, anyway.*
Shuuji: You're right. Have me meet them sometime soon, okay?
Meguru: "Yeah. I can't wait. I'm so happy!"
Meguru: "I-It really is a little embarrassing, though..."
Shuuji: Yeah, it is. But I'm still looking forward to it. I'll get to meet the people who gave birth to you, as your boyfriend...
Meguru: "Yeah... I'm happy to have a boyfriend who thinks that way. Ehehe..."
*But man, getting to know each other's parents? This has become quite the old-fashioned relationship.*
*Well, except for the part where we've already had sex...*
Shuuji: Alright, let's stop here. Good night, Meguru.
Meguru: "Ah... Yeah, good night, Senpai."
Shuuji: Okay, I'm hanging up now.
Meguru: "Oh, um... Before you go, er..."
Shuuji: Hm? What is it?
Meguru: "*kiss*!"
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: "Hehehehe..."
Meguru: "I'll be dreaming of you tonight. Make sure to dream of me too! See you tomorrow!"
Shuuji: ...Haha.
*That was such a typical Meguru move. It was almost like I could taste the bittersweetness through the phone.*
Shuuji: Ahh, this really is the perfect relationship...
*We've conveyed our feelings to each other, started dating, laughed happily together, had sex and grown intimate with each other.*
*I really wouldn't be surprised if we dreamed of each other tonight.*
================================================================================
Meguru: Coming!
*It's now the weekend, and I'm visiting Meguru at her home.*
*Meguru really wanted me to, and I just can't say no to her. I wanted to visit her place again, anyway.*
Meguru: Welcome, Senpai!
*Meguru welcomes me in her regular loungewear, which I haven't seen in a while.*
*It really does give her a different feel than usual, especially with her glasses on.*
Meguru: Hehe. I like going over to your place, but having you come here is nice in its own way.
Shuuji: Yeah, I know what you mean. But are you sure you didn't want to go out on a date this weekend instead?
Meguru: I was just kinda in the mood for spending time together here.
Meguru: ...Senpai. Do you love me when I'm in this outfit too?
Shuuji: Of course. How do I put it... It's like I'm the only one except your family who gets to see you so relaxed.
Meguru: Hehehe... Yeah, thank you.
Shuuji: And the glasses make you look smarter than usual. 
Meguru: Are you saying I don't usually look smart?
Shuuji: I was just saying you give off a different impression than usual! I already know that you're actually an avid reader.
*As one can see, there are all kinds of different books lined up in the bookshelves in her room.*
*Besides, I know more than anyone that Meguru is not a girl you can judge by appearances.*
Meguru: Really? I smell a lie.
Shuuji: Well, one thing I can say for sure is that you look really cute in those glasses.
Meguru: F-Fine then. Hehehe, geez, Senpai...
Shuuji: So... You picked out this outfit specifically for my visit?
Meguru: Yeah. I wanted to flirt with you while wearing this.
Meguru: I wanted to appreciate how you're now a part of my everyday life, and that you're always there with me, at any time. Or something like that. Ahaha...
*There she goes again saying that adorable stuff.*
*I think I understand where she's coming from here.*
Shuuji: In other words, you want to make us being together as natural as wearing loungewear?
Meguru: Yeah, exactly! You get it!
Meguru: So... do you mind if I wear this?
Shuuji: I already told you that you look cute, didn't I?
Shuuji: I certainly wouldn't mind flirting with you wearing that.
Meguru: ...Okay! Then have a seat! I'll sit down next to you.
Shuuji: Alright, will do...
Meguru: Alright then, don't mind me!
*The moment I sit down, Meguru cheerfully cuddles up to me.*
*I love that she's so affectionate, but now my heart is starting to race.*
*When in her loungewear, Meguru really does appear defenseless, and she looks mega cute in those glasses...*
*And to top it off, we're alone... Wait, no. We're not actually.*
Meguru: ~♪ Hehe, Senpai!
Shuuji: B-By the way, where are your parents?
Meguru: Oh, they're out right now.
Shuuji: Oh?
Meguru: Ugh, what was with that "oh?" just now? You're emitting some serious super-perv vibes right now.
Shuuji: I-I've been emitting no such vibes!
Meguru: They're out currently, but I think they'll be back real soon. Too bad for you, super-perv Senpai!
Shuuji: I-I really wasn't thinking about that. I just asked because I've been wanting to meet them. Really.
Meguru: Be honest with me.
Shuuji: ...I may have gotten my hopes up for some sexy time.
Meguru: Hehehe. Oh, geez. You're just the cutest!
Meguru: There♪
Shuuji: Whoa...
*Meguru leans against me while laughing happily.*
*She has practically nestled up against my chest.*
Meguru: Senpai, could you hug me tight?
Shuuji: Y-Yeah, of course. Here...
Meguru: Ehehe... Senpai♪
*A little flustered, I wrap an arm around her shoulders and draw her closer towards me.*
*Following that, Meguru narrows her eyes and rubs her cheek against my chest as a sweet scent reaches my nose.*
Meguru: Does it get you in the mood when I call out to you like that? You really are a super-perv.
Shuuji: ...You did that knowing that would be the case, didn't you?
Meguru: I've been saying all along that I just wanna flirt. 
Shuuji: But you're gonna make me want to do more!
Meguru: You want to do it that badly? Super-perv Senpai at it again.
Shuuji: That's just how much I love you. You clinging to me is all it takes to get me in the mood.
Meguru: W-Well, yeah, it's the same for me, actually...
Shuuji: That only makes it worse!
Meguru: But you see, I trust you.
Meguru: Hehehe. I'm so glad I got a trustworthy older boyfriend♪
Shuuji: You only ever say stuff like that in situations like these!
Meguru: ...I can keep snuggling against you, right?
Shuuji: Yeah, I would love it if you did.
*Of course I'd want to cuddle and flirt, even if that means having to hold back my urges.*
*Especially if this is what Meguru wants.*
Meguru: Hehe... This is why I love you so much! *purr* *purr*
Shuuji: Whoa. You've turned into a cat.
Meguru: Meow, meow~
Shuuji: This calls for a chin scratching. Tickle tickle.
Meguru: Ah, hey! That tickles! You dummy!
Meguru: You know... Your fingers are kinda long. They're really attractive.
Shuuji: Y-You think?
*That sure came out of nowhere.*
*Though, I guess it's not like anyone has had a close look at my fingers before.*
Meguru: Yeah. They're completely different to mine.
Meguru: They're so big and manly, and a little rough. They're very sexy.
Shuuji: Sexy...? Can a guy's hands really be sexy?
Meguru: From a girl's perspective, yeah. Kinda like their voices, a guy's hands can be kinda sexy for girls. 
Shuuji: Come to think of it, those are both places where the difference between guys and girls is really noticeable...
*I guess it's similar to how I find Meguru's slender neck really attractive.*
Meguru: Yeah, exactly. So that's why they kinda caught my eye...
*Meguru stares at my hands in a daze while blushing slightly.*
*Kinda makes my fingertips tingle... But as embarrassing as it is, it kinda makes me happy.*
Meguru: I'm really happy that I get to have my hands held by these... Ehehe.
Shuuji: And these are the hands that also made you feel good.
Meguru: Ugh, there you go acting like a creep again. How can you say that in this situation?
Shuuji: But it's the truth...
Meguru: I see you're still as insensitive as ever.
Shuuji: Well, to me this is something to be proud of.
Meguru: Uh... W-Well, I'll let you off this time.
Shuuji: Sweet. There, tickle tickle!
Meguru: Hey! Ahahaha! I-I told you it tickles!
*Alright, the distraction worked!*
Meguru: Hey, so... you played the bass with those fingers, right?
Shuuji: Hm? I guess.
Meguru: I see... If you can play an instrument with them, it's no wonder you're so good at tickling. You must have some advanced finger techniques.
*Is it just me, or was that a really erotic way to phrase that?*
Shuuji: Well, I don't think I can play like I could back then anymore. It's been a while, and I haven't played since.
Meguru: Yeah? So it's not like riding a bike or skiing where you it always come back to you once you learn it once? 
Shuuji: You lose your muscle memory unless you play every day.
Shuuji: Also, the calluses I had been building up are long gone by now, so it would be painful to even try.
Meguru: Huh... I see...
Meguru: Hearing that really does make it feel like a waste.
Shuuji: It's fine. Instead of playing the bass, now I get to use these fingers to convey my feelings to you.
Meguru: ......
Meguru: Omm♪
Shuuji: ―――!
*Meguru suddenly takes one of my fingers into her mouth, causing a shiver to run down my spine.*
Shuuji: M-Meguru?
*Meguru squeezes her lips around my finger and suckles on it a little.*
*Her soft, moist lips and warm mouth envelop my finger, while a sweet taste spreads in my own mouth. It's becoming difficult for me to hold back.*
Meguru: Omm, mmph... *suck* Senpai, I love you.
Shuuji: ......
*Especially when she's whispering stuff like that.*
Meguru: Mmpah... Hehehe.
Shuuji: I love how you don't ever hide it when you're feeling happy.
*I can't help but say so.*
*My finger moistened with Meguru's saliva is still throbbing with her joy.*
Meguru: Well, you always make me so happy...
Meguru: Also, is it just me, or have you gotten a lot better at expressing your own feelings?
Shuuji: It's not just you. Like I said earlier, I'm aware of it myself.
Meguru: Thought so. Hehehe.
Shuuji: But that's only because we've grown so much closer.
Shuuji: Now I know what makes you happy. Like this.
*I put my arm around her waist and pull her into a hug.*
*Her waist is one of her most sensitive points―where she can feel me the best.*
Meguru: Nnn... Senpai...!
*As expected, Meguru jerks up a little and presses herself against me, almost as if by instinct.*
Meguru: Nn, nnnh! Senpai, Senpai♪
Meguru: You know I'm weak there, you pervert. Don't get full of yourself just because you found that spot. You big meanie.
*Meguru then rubs her back against me and turns her head to also rub her cheek against me.*
*Man, is she ever happy.*
*Seeing that, I proceed to express my joy and affection for her even more.*
Shuuji: Meguru, I love you...
Meguru: Fuaah... You're stroking my hair now? Oh gosh, this feels so nice...
Shuuji: Yeah, I love your hair. It's so fluffy, and the slightly unkempt style is also pretty cute.
Meguru: Yeah... I can tell that you love it by the way you're stroking it.
Meguru: You really are good at expressing your feelings with your hands...
Shuuji: Meguru, Meguru...
Meguru: Senpai... This is so intoxicating. I love you.
Meguru: And I can tell you love me too... Ehehehe.
Shuuji: I'm happy to hear that. But to be honest...
Shuuji: This isn't enough.
Meguru: ...What do you mean?
Shuuji: I'm happy that you're happy, but...
Shuuji: It's also kinda frustrating how I can't seem to express my love as well as you do.
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: I think stuff like... wouldn't it be great if I could take out my heart and show you just how rapidly it's beating?
*It's pointless to say that though.*
*This is a feeling that cannot be fully conveyed through words alone.*
*But I love her so much that I can't help but have these thoughts. I want to make her feel even happier somehow.*
Meguru: You know, maybe that's what...
Shuuji: ...Yeah?
Meguru: Maybe that's what, umm, s-sex is for.
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: I've been thinking about that for a while.
Meguru: You know how often I text and call you, right?
Shuuji: Y-Yeah. I do.
Shuuji: What about it?
Meguru: Well, that's probably because no matter how many times I tell you I love you, it still feels like it's not enough to show you how I feel.
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: That's true for sex as well. Like, yeah, I'm closer to you during it than at any other point...
Meguru: But that doesn't change that it's still you and me, two separate people.
*That's true.*
*Strictly speaking, sex isn't more than having parts of your bodies stick together, much like we're doing it now.*
*It's often described as "becoming one," but at the end of the day, we're still two separate individuals.*
Meguru: But, umm... when we're covered in sweat, rubbing our bodies together and only thinking of each other...
Meguru: It almost feels like we're merging together. The distinction between us disappears and it starts to feel like we've truly become one.
Meguru: It seems like I can tell with my whole body what you're thinking and just how much you love me.
Meguru: And that's what I think it means to become one.
Shuuji: You mean, we lose ourselves in the act because we're trying to convey what can't be conveyed any other way?
Meguru: Yeah... Even though it may all just be in our imaginations.
Meguru: But I figure, maybe that's why couples get the urge to have sex...
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: ......
Meguru: O-Or maybe not! Ahaha!
Shuuji: Ahahaha...
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: ......
*It's clear that both of us now want to do it.*
*We're both burning with the desire to convey our love to each other, and there's only one way to truly do so.*
*And after spending so much time together, neither of us have to say so out loud to know this.*
*...But with Meguru's parents coming home soon, we can't do it now.*
Meguru: I-I guess we've cuddled enough, Senpai.
Shuuji: R-Right... This has been plenty enough...
Meguru: Yeah...
*We both look away and awkwardly put some distance between us.*
*Or at least, we tried to.*
Meguru: Hyah?!
*A phone suddenly rings. Meguru jerks up within my embrace, which causes me to instinctively hold her tight.*
Shuuji: Th-That startled me...
Meguru: I'm sorry! It's mine!
Meguru: Hello... Oh, it's you, Mom...
*Oh, a call from her mom, huh? Pretty good timing, actually.*
*This is the splash of cold water we needed to snap us out of the mood.*
*Meguru hangs up while I'm still lost in thought, having finished her conversation with her Mom in no time.*
Shuuji: Oh, by the way, sorry for hugging you like that so suddenly.
Meguru: No, umm, I was actually happy. It was like you were protecting me...
Shuuji: So, what did your mom say?
Meguru: !!
Shuuji: ...Wh-What's wrong?
*Meguru freezes up at my question, which is when her phone sounds off for a second time.*
*Looks like she got a text.*
*I should let go of her, but I find myself unable to do so.*
*I unconsciously hug her tight as I peer at her phone's screen while taking in the scent of her hair and skin.*
*"Sorry for the sudden change of plans. Also, I forgot to tell you about dinner. Just make something with whatever is in the fridge. You don't have to wait for us to get back before going to bed."*
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: Umm... Does that mean... they're going to be home late?
Meguru: Umm, Senpai?
Shuuji: I have a question...
Meguru: Huh?! O-Okay!
Shuuji: You've told your parents that I'll be over today, right?
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: Meguru-san?
Meguru: No, umm... You see... I wanted to surprise them.
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: ..................
Meguru: U-Umm, Senpai?
Shuuji: ...Yeah?
Meguru: Are you going to let go now...?
Shuuji: ...That's no longer possible.
Meguru: Yeah... Right... There's no way you could, right?
Shuuji: Meguru, may I...?
Meguru: Y-Yeah... You may...
Meguru: Or more like, p-please do... I want to as well.
Meguru: Umm... I don't think it will hurt anymore. And, well...
Shuuji: Yeah?
Meguru: T-To be honest, umm... I'm already quite... w-w-wet. I-It's becoming a real problem.
Shuuji: I'm no better, actually. Look.
Meguru: Ah!
Shuuji: Right?
Meguru: R-Right... It's very hard. Yeah...
Meguru: Well, gee! I guess we don't have a choice, then!
Shuuji: Meguru!
================================================================================
*And so, with everything going great between us...*
*Our relationship is steadily developing, and we've now grown closer than ever.*
Hideaki: Dude, you've gotten way too close!
Shuuji: Too close...? What are you even talking about?
Hideaki: You aren't even trying to hide it anymore! *sob*
Shuuji: What're you tearing up for?! You're grossing me out!
Shuuji: Besides... I thought Meguru and I have been pretty good about not flirting in public.
Wakana: Sorry, Hoshina, but sadly that's not what Kaidou is talking about.
Shuuji: Huh?
Meguru: Coming in!
Meguru: Ah! Senpai, Senpai! Let's head to the clubroom together!
Shuuji: Oh, it's already this late? Alright.
Wakana: This is what he means. This right here.
Shuuji: Meguru just normally came to get me!
Hideaki: You may think this is normal, but it's still way out of reach for me... *sigh* Must be nice having girlfriend you're so close to...
Meguru: Huh? What? Did I do something wrong?
Wakana: No, just ignore this loser. He's just looking for someone to blame for his misfortunes. Only shows how great you're doing as a couple. 
Meguru: O-Okay...? I don't really get it, but thanks, Kariya-senpai.
*Every so often, we have to endure heckling from the peanut gallery. But at least there's good news as well...*
Nene: Here, take a look at this.
Shuuji: Whoa... So much has come back!
Meguru: Right? That bottle was a lot emptier before!
Nene: That's right. Some of the fragments I have collected from you, Inaba-san, but most of the fragments are ones that have returned from Hoshina-kun.
Meguru: So basically... our relationship is going great and Senpai's heart is filling back up?!
Shuuji: Wow... That's great.
Meguru: It's because of all that stuff we've done together, right?
Shuuji: Yeah. It's all thanks to you being so cute.
Meguru: Y-You can't say things like that! Save that stuff for when we're alone.
Meguru: Geez, you're making me blush...
Tsumugi: Ahaha... Don't worry, we've pretty much gotten used to it at this point.
Shuuji: What? Have we really been flirting in front of you that much?
Nene: Ah, it seems you haven't even realized it...
Tsumugi: B-But there's nothing wrong with that. It just took some getting used to.
*I thought we were keeping a lid on things. Is... Is this what Kaidou was talking about?*
*Well, regardless, I don't regret saying what I just said at all.*
*The only reason I've been able to return so many fragments is because moments like these keep occurring, allowing Meguru and I to grow closer over time.*
Shuuji: (But still...)
Meguru: U-Umm, so Tsumugi-senpai, this must mean that you've got a ton of fragments back too, right?
Tsumugi: A-About that... Sorry, I haven't gotten back any fragments back at all yet...
Meguru: Oh...
Shuuji: ...Ayachi-san, you're still missing some fragments too, right?
Nene: That is correct... Unfortunately.
Shuuji: Thought so...
Nene, Tsumugi: ......
*Neither Ayachi-san nor Shiiba-san say anything further.*
*But they don't need to for us to understand.*
Meguru: (S-Senpai, does this mean what I think?)
Shuuji: (Yeah...)
Shuuji: (I haven't returned all the fragments yet. Which can only mean there's still a hole in my heart.)
Meguru: ......
Meguru: Nngh!
*Meguru wraps her arms around my head and pulls it tight to her chest.*
Shuuji: M-Meguru?
Meguru: Nnn...
Shuuji: ......
*Seems like this is really frustrating for her.*
Touko: Sorry guys. I'm a bit late.
Touko: Oh... 
Nene: Togakushi-senpai, umm...
Touko: Oh, it's okay. I can guess for the most part.
Tsumugi: We'll explain to you later.
Touko: Okay. So yeah, Hoshina-kun, Inaba-san. Don't mind me.
Shuuji: Sorry...
Meguru: ......
*Everyone is understanding of Meguru's feelings and lets her be without commenting.*
*I stay quiet as well, immersing myself in the warmth of her bosom and listening to the beating of her heart.*
Shuuji: ......
*Despite all the love we've given each other and all the special moments we've spent together, the hole in my heart stubbornly remains.*
*I feel guilty for thinking this, but Meguru's frustration makes me a little happy.*
*With club over, we all leave the school together.*
Tsumugi: H-Hey, Meguru-chan, you know how the fragments I'm missing are from you, right?
Tsumugi: So maybe Hoshina-kun's subconscious is reluctant to let go of them. That might be why I'm not getting any back.
Meguru: Yeah... Sorry for kinda making you comfort me...
Nene: Whatever the case, try not to feel so useless.
Nene: There's no doubt all the fragments we've gotten back so far are thanks to the, umm... p-power of your love.
Meguru: Ah... Nene-senpaaai!
*Meguru has been despondent for a while now. Naturally, our two witches couldn't bear to see her like that and have attempted to console her.*
*I secretly heave a sigh while watching them in the corner of my eye.*
Shuuji: (...Just what is it that I'm still lacking?)
*Meguru loves me so much.*
*And I love her just as much. We both love each other.*
Shuuji: (So then, what is wrong with my heart?)
Touko: Lost in thought, huh?
Shuuji: Ah... Hey there, Togakushi-senpai.
Touko: Can't bear to face Inaba-san?
Shuuji: No, that's not it...
Touko: Alrighty. Well then, let your big sis here lend you an ear.
Touko: Talking to someone might help you sort out your thoughts, no matter who it is.
Shuuji: ...Thank you.
*She can be a pain in the neck with her jokes sometimes, but at the end of the day, she really is a kind girl who's looking out for everyone at the OC.*
*Meguru is still clinging to Ayachi-san while Shiiba-san is consoling her.*
*With the three of them in the corner of my eye, I walk home telling Senpai what's on my mind.*
Touko: Hmm, I see now...
Touko: It makes sense that you'd be worried about the hole in your heart, given that you were born with that magic of yours.
Shuuji: Right... I mean, I still don't really understand much about it.
Touko: Yeah, and it's not like you got it because you wanted it.
Shuuji: ...But it's true that my ability is what allowed me to start dating Meguru, so I don't hate it anymore.
Touko: That's good. There's no point in hating it, so that's for the best.
Shuuji: Right. I realize that my ability is a part of who I am, and Meguru loves me along with it.
Touko: Ohh, what an awesome thing to say. You looked really cool there.
Shuuji: Thank you... But, how do I put it...
Touko: Hm?
Shuuji: Meguru seems desperate to fill the hole in my heart... which only makes me feel worse about the situation.
*Even if I don't know what to do about it, I have no intention of denying my power anymore.*
*But I still want to find some kind of way to resolve this situation somehow.*
*Because I know that if I manage to do that, Meguru will rejoice from the bottom of her heart.*
*And the only thing I want is to give Meguru happiness.*
Touko: Let me think... A hole in your heart... Magic... Magic, huh?
Touko: Say, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Yeah...?
Touko: Magic is granted to people with wishes they want fulfilled, yeah?
Shuuji: That's what I've heard. I don't know what Ayachi-san and Shiiba-san's wishes are, though.
*But I think I can guess what my mom's wish was.*
Shuuji: Apparently, my mom was deaf...
*And she wanted a normal life alongside other people.*
*So I can understand why she would wish for magic.*
Shuuji: I think that's why she wanted to become able to read people's minds.
Touko: I see. But...
Touko: ...What about your magic?
Shuuji: Huh?
*Togakushi-senpai's words really take me by surprise. I look over at her face in puzzlement.*
*She's looking upward with a finger on her chin.*
*Togakushi-Senpai is clearly lost in thought trying to piece the puzzle together.*
Shuuji: What do you mean by that?
Touko: Well, you have magic too, right?
Shuuji: Yeah, but I just inherited it from my mom.
Touko: But from what I've heard, your magic is similar but different.
Shuuji: Well... Yeah...
Touko: So I'm wondering why you have it.
Shuuji: ......
*...I've never even thought about that.*
*Eventually, Togakushi-senpai returns her gaze back to me.*
*And then she gently says with a smile on her face...*
Touko: Maybe you have it in order to fulfill a wish too.
Shuuji: ......
*Now it's me who sinks into thought.*
*I've only ever thought of my ability as a natural part of me I was born with.*
*I've never tried giving it any meaning beyond that. I've never thought about why I have it, what it is for or how to make use of it.*
*Instead, I just considered it a burden and avoided dealing with it. I've been averting my eyes from it.*
Shuuji: (But what if I was granted it for a purpose. What if it's not just an annoying handicap?)
*Thinking back...*
*I remember the first time in my life I was truly glad I had this ability.*
*I came into contact with Meguru's feelings, fell in love with her, and experienced love together with her.*
*And among all of that, it's the fact that I got to perceive Meguru's feelings more than anyone. The fact that I got to taste that bittersweetness that I―*
Shuuji: ...Togakushi-senpai.
Touko: Hm?
Shuuji: Thank you.
Touko: Don't thank me. I was just thinking aloud a little.
Shuuji: Still.
Shuuji: Meguru, sorry!
Meguru: What?!
Meguru: Umm, what is it...?
Shuuji: I have to go now. There's somewhere I gotta go today.
Meguru: O-Okay...
Meguru: A-Alright then, Senpai. Umm... See you tomorrow!
Shuuji: Yeah, see you tomorrow.
Meguru: ......
*My chest tightens at the loneliness and sorriness I sense.*
*Even without my ability, however, the forced nature of Meguru's smile is clear as day.*
*Which is why I need to think this through carefully.*
*If there's a hint to find about filling in the hole in my heart, it's here.*
Nanao: Welcome.
Shuuji: Hello. Thanks again for the help a while back. I'm wondering, can you spare another moment for me?
Nanao: Hmm... Okay. I'll close the cafe.
Shuuji: Huh?
Nanao: You've come here looking for help with something, right? Have a seat here and wait a moment.
Shuuji: ...Thank you.
*I bow to her and then sit down at the counter.*
*I'm glad she's so quick to catch on. *
*Makes me wonder if she knew this would happen.*
*That I'd stop by here again one day with more questions about my ability.*
*I proceed to ask Souma-san about everything that's been on my mind.*
*About if my ability really is magic.*
*And if it's the same kind of magic that Ayachi-san and Shiiba-san are seeking.*
*And if so...*
*Whether that means my ability exists to fulfill some kind of wish or not.*
*The sun sets before I finish getting everything off my chest.*
Nanao: Hm...
Shuuji: ...What do you think, Souma-san?
Nanao: I figured you might come to me with those questions one day... Which is why I've given them a lot of thought myself.
*...So I guessed right.*
*I guess Souma-san has been concerned about me.*
Nanao: I suppose I'll share my thoughts with you, then.
Shuuji: I'd really appreciate it.
*I tilt the cup in my hand and have a taste of the coffee she made for me.*
*It's excellent, as always.*
*I put the cup down and give her another nod.*
*Souma-san nods in response and begins talking.*
Nanao: Jumping right to the conclusion, yes, magic is indeed a product of feelings that have accumulated for a specific purpose.
Nanao: A witch may be gathering other people's heart fragments, but those are just the ingredients. The magic is formed according to the contractor's own wish and feelings.
Nanao: So yes, it exists to fulfill their wish.
Nanao: And like I told you before, there is no doubt that the ability you possess is magical in nature.
Shuuji: ...But it's not like I got this ability because I was trying to fulfill some wish.
*I simply inherited some magic from my mom, who was a witch.*
Nanao: However, your ability definitely is magic. I can tell. All us alps can.
Shuuji: ...Right.
Nanao: And since it's magic, it also has a purpose that goes along with it.
Nanao: Both you and your mother should have different purposes.
Nanao: Your magic and hers are similar, but not the same. You possess your own magic.
Shuuji: Which means my ability must have some kind of purpose...
*A purpose different to that of Mom's. It's my own ability with its own purpose.*
*Something I want to see fulfilled through using this power...*
Nanao: Exactly.
Shuuji: But, still―
Nanao: I have a question I'd like to ask you first.
Shuuji: Ah, s-sure.
Nanao: Correct me if I'm wrong, but is it possible that you've been sensing the emotions of everyone other than Meguru less lately?
Shuuji: Um... Yeah. I have been.
*I'm not sure when I stopped noticing everyone's looks of jealousy.*
*Things were pretty rough back when that rumor about me was circulating around.*
*But the next thing I knew, I was only ever noticing Meguru's feelings.*
*My ability has been thoroughly immersed in Meguru's bittersweetness.*
Shuuji: And I highly doubt that no one else is directing any emotions at me... 
Nanao: So then...
Nanao: Doesn't that mean that a degree of directionality or selectivity has developed for your ability?
Nanao: Basically, it's becoming possible for you to control it.
Shuuji: ......
Nanao: How you absorbed the Meguru's fragments a while back is another example.
Nanao: You were present for several other occasions where fragments were collected, but that was the only time you absorbed them during the collection process.
Nanao: Don't you think the reason for that lies within you? Not that you did this intentionally, of course.
Shuuji: So I've become able to control my ability...
Nanao: ...Your magic is an extremely unusual case.
*Souma-san refills my cup with coffee before continuing in a calm voice.*
Nanao: It exists without a contract and without you having consciously made a wish.
Nanao: But nonetheless, it is still magic. So what this all comes down to is...
Nanao: What is it you really wish for? The answer to that question is the key to everything.
Shuuji: What I wish for...
*So my ability exists for the purpose of fulfilling my own wish?*
*But still...*
Nanao: The hole in your heart still hasn't closed up.
Nanao: Maybe your heart is waiting for you to find the answer to that question.
Nanao: Maybe you're subconsciously aware that such an answer exists.
Shuuji: ......
Nanao: Have a sip of coffee.
Shuuji: ...Yeah, good idea.
*I bring the coffee she has refilled to my mouth again.*
*What unfolds within my mouth is a highly aromatic bitterness and sourness. *
Shuuji: ...It's good.
Nanao: Glad to hear that.
Nanao: ...It's said that we evolved a sense of taste in order to judge whether something is dangerous or okay to eat.
Shuuji: O-Okay?
Nanao: However, humans have no need for that anymore. Instead, they only use it for enjoying the taste of food.
Nanao: People living in this day and age never even think about the original purpose of their taste buds anymore.
Shuuji: ......
Nanao: But that purpose is clear and immutable.
Nanao: You have it to protect your very life.
*I tilt my cup and drink rest of my coffee in one go.*
Shuuji: Your coffee is excellent. Thank you.
Nanao: Come again any time.
Shuuji: ......
*Upon getting back home, I press my hands together in front of Mom's photo.*
*And then I ruminate on what I just heard for a while.*
Shuuji: Mom... You wanted to "hear" how everyone else felt, didn't you...
*For that purpose, you acquired a magical ability.*
*You then met Dad and fell in love with him.*
*And eventually, I was born as a product of your and Dad's love.*
*With a part of your magic passed down to me.*
Shuuji: ...I'm also in love, Mom.
*And I possess magic just like you did.*
*But unlike you, I didn't acquire this magic for that purpose.*
Shuuji: My wish... My magic...
*The thing that I want to see fulfilled...*
*It couldn't be clearer to me what that is.*
Shuuji: (...Meguru.)
*The moment I whisper her name, I feel an incredible sense of fulfillment.*
*Stirred by that sensation, I immediately take out my phone.*
Meguru: "Oh, hi, Senpai!"
Shuuji: Hey, Meguru. Sorry to ask this out of nowhere, but...
Shuuji: ...Can we see each other now?
Meguru: Ahaha... I'm so glad you called me...
*Meguru said yes without question and came to meet me outside.*
Shuuji: I know I'm the one who asked you out here and all, but is it okay for you to be out this late?
Meguru: Yeah, it's fine. I told my parents I had something I absolutely had to talk to you about today.
Meguru: I mean, things were pretty awkward when we parted earlier...
Shuuji: ...Yeah.
Meguru: That's why I was super happy when you called me.
Meguru: So happy that the hole in my heart would have closed up on the spot if I had one. Just kidding... Ahaha...
*...As I thought, this has been weighing on her mind.*
*That's right. My problems are no longer mine alone.*
*Just like my wish...*
*I've met Meguru, we fell in love... and now we're here, together.*
Shuuji: Let's walk a little.
Shuuji: ...I've been thinking ever since we parted earlier.
*Before I knew it, we've ended up walking down this street.*
*The street we've taken countless detours down and had countless discussions on.*
*There's something very meaningful about why we've ended up here.*
Shuuji: I've been thinking about what exactly my magic is.
Meguru: Your magic...?
Shuuji: Right. Supposedly, magic forms when someone has a wish they want fulfilled.
Shuuji: But in my case, I simply inherited it from my mom.
Meguru: Which means you didn't get it because you had wished for something?
Meguru: But doesn't that mean it's just kinda there without a purpose? 
Shuuji: To tell you the truth, after we parted, I stopped by the Schwarze Katze before heading home.
Meguru: You went to see Souma-san?
Shuuji: Yeah. She told me that at the end of the day, magic is still magic.
Shuuji: My case may be highly abnormal, but I still have magic and she said it's there for fulfilling a wish of mine.
Shuuji: And the hole in my heart may exist because I'm subconsciously aware of this. 
Meguru: ......
*Meguru casts her eyes down and comes to a halt.*
*She then awkwardly looks up at me with her hands clenched in front of her chest.*
Meguru: So then... you have a wish?
Shuuji: Yeah...
Meguru: Is it not possible for me to fulfill that wish somehow? Am I not good enough?!
Meguru: I would do anything I can to help.
Shuuji: ...There's something else Souma-san said to me.
*I turn to face Meguru.*
*I take Meguru's gaze head-on, returning a stare loaded with everything I'm currently feeling.*
*I look at the one and only girl in this world I love.*
Shuuji: She asked me whether I've been able to perceive the negative feelings of everyone else lately.
Shuuji: Or if maybe, I've only been perceiving your feelings.
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: And sure enough, that really is the case. I've been sensing all of your feelings strongly, but I haven't been able to sense anyone else's negative feelings.
Shuuji: Remember how we talked about this the other day after I came to your class?
Meguru: Come to think of it... Yeah, you mentioned you were okay back then.
Meguru: That you had stopped noticing the stares.
Shuuji: Well, it turns out that really is because I have you.
Meguru: ...
Shuuji: My ability gradually became like this because of how badly I wanted to experience your feelings.
Shuuji: And so I believe the purpose of my magic was... to let me fall in love with you, Meguru. 
Meguru: S-Senpai...
Shuuji: In reality, it was never there for me to indiscriminately read everyone else's feelings.
Meguru: Senpai, Senpai, then...
Meguru: What is your wish...?
Shuuji: ...There is something I want you to have.
*Following that, I close my eyes.*
*And then I concentrate as hard as I can.*
Shuuji: (I should be able to do this.)
*I hope I can. I really want to.*
*I believe that inside me is a power capable of making this happen.*
Shuuji: (I can do it...)
*Mom and Dad loved each other, and as result of their love, I was born.*
*Which is why I'm sure that the magic I inherited is there for love.*
*And since magic is a product of focused emotions...*
Shuuji: I love you, Meguru!
Meguru: Ah...
*I give to the girl I love a gift most precious...*
*The manifestation of my feelings.*
*The scorching hot object in her hands emits a pulsating light, as if it were a beating heart.*
Shuuji: Meguru, you've given me nothing but love. And because of that, my love for you grew until it became this powerful.
Meguru: This is your love...
Shuuji: I wanted to give it to you, so I can show you just how much I love you.
Meguru: ~~~!
*Meguru tears up.*
*She gazes at the crystallized feelings in her hand and hugs it tight.*
Meguru: Yeah... I can see...
Meguru: I don't believe it. This really is magic. I can see just how much you love me.
Meguru: It's hot, pounding and sparkling... and so comforting. I'll never want to part with it.
Meguru: It's reflecting my face...
Meguru: I'd like to think that's because these are feelings we've nurtured together... Don't you think?
*Ahh... It's reaching her.*
*My love for Meguru is really reaching her. *
Meguru: It's the crystallization of all the time we've spent together and our feelings...
Meguru: And your wish was giving this to me!
Shuuji: It's still not enough to express everything I feel for you.
Shuuji: But this is my one and only wish. I just want you to know the depth of my love for you. That is all.
Meguru: Yeah... I do, Senpai... Senpai!
*Meguru hugs my feelings tight in blissful reverie.*
*I gaze at Meguru, sharing in her joy.*
Shuuji: ...Meguru, I love you.
Meguru: *sniff* Senpai!
*Meguru tears up even more.*
Meguru: I love you too!
*And then she responds with a smile brilliant enough to rival the shimmering of my crystallized feelings.*
*Following that...*
Shuuji: Nngh!
*My heart feels as if it's about to burst.*
*Meguru's smile has sent my heart racing like never before. But that's not all...*
*My chest feels hot. It's like my emotions are overflowing from my heart.*
*I've experienced this sensation before. If I'm not mistaken...*
Meguru: Wh-What is it, Senpai?
Shuuji: ...The fragments.
Meguru: Huh?
Shuuji: I'm pretty sure that the fragments in my heart have just returned.
Shuuji: All of them, I mean. I think both Ayachi-san's and Shiiba-san's have returned to them.
Meguru: ......
Meguru: D-Does that mean...
Shuuji: ...So it was you, after all.
*I clench my chest while smiling at Meguru.*
*Within my breast, my heart beats hot and vigorously with my love for Meguru.*
Shuuji: You not only fulfilled my wish, you filled the hole in my heart too.
Meguru: Mnn!
*I pull her into a tight hug.*
Meguru: S-Senpai, it's hard to breathe.
Shuuji: Sorry, but I'm not letting go! God, I love you, Meguru!
Meguru: ...Yeah, Senpai.
Meguru: I've loved you this whole time.
Meguru: But the reason I was able to fill in the hole in your heart was...
Meguru: Because you loved me too.
Meguru: Oh, whatever! Hug me tight! I don't care if it hurts!
*Meguru rubs her face against my chest.*
*Hugging her even tighter, I press her ear against my chest so she can hear the beating of my heart.*
Meguru: Senpai, your heart is beating like crazy...
Shuuji: Of course it is, when I have you in my arms!
Shuuji: Meguru, your heart fragments may have just left me, but...
Meguru: ...Yeah, of course.
Meguru: My feelings are right here... together with yours.
*Looking up at me with wet eyes, Meguru shows me the crystalline heart she has been holding tight to her chest. *
Shuuji: Haha... Right.
Meguru: Hehe... Yeah...
*We both laugh.*
*And then we softly close our eyes.*
Meguru: Mm...
*We share a kiss.*
*It's a loving and natural kiss.*
*Proof that our feelings are reaching each other.*
Meguru: Mmpah... Senpai... I love you.
Meguru: I'm happy. So happy... I love you! Mmph...
*My thoughts match the girl I love's exactly.*
*I'm getting so emotional that I'm starting to tear up too.*
Meguru: Ahh... Senpai...
Shuuji: You know, I was actually a little scared...
*I give her a wry smile as our lips part.*
Shuuji: That maybe we would have had enough and be satisfied once we fully expressed our feelings.
Meguru: That's not ever gonna happen.
*Meguru shakes her head, rubbing her teary eyes against me in the process.*
*Then she firmly returns my hug.*
Meguru: It's not enough.
Meguru: Actually, I want to share my feelings even more now.
Meguru: The more you express your feelings, the more I want to too!
Shuuji: Yeah, you're totally right.
Shuuji: I'll never have enough. Now I just want to make you even happier.
Shuuji: That's the kind of love we share...
Meguru: Well, well then, Senpai...
*Meguru looks up at me with enraptured eyes.*
Meguru: Let's... have sex.
Shuuji: Meguru...
Meguru: I'm sorry for saying something like this as a girl, but I can't wait anymore.
Meguru: I won't be able to settle down unless we do it!
Shuuji: ...Don't worry.
*I gently kiss her one more time.*
Shuuji: I feel the same.
Meguru: Ahh... Senpai...
Shuuji: Let's go.
Meguru: Yeah...
*We head off with Meguru's arm wrapped around mine.*
*I don't want to wait, though. I need to sate my growing lust as soon as possible.*
*And so, for the first time in my life...*
================================================================================
*Time flies when life is full of happiness.*
Female Underclassman: Thank you so much, Hoshina-senpai, Inaba-senpai!
*The first-year girl who had come for a consultation leaves with a smile on her face. We all see her off with a wave.*
Shuuji: ...Alright. Think that was it?
Meguru: Yeah. I think she'll be okay now.
Meguru: I wasn't sure if we'd be able to help her at first, but I guess it all turned out well.
Shuuji: The advice you gave her seemed to have helped a lot. Probably because you went through a similar problem yourself.
Meguru: We don't have to talk about that.
Meguru: Though, I might've seen myself in her a little... With the way she wanted to make up with her friend and get along with everyone again...
Shuuji: Well, that girl didn't go as far as saying "I want to be popular."
Meguru: Don't put it like I was even worse off! What is this, bullying? Seriously, you're such a closet pervert.
Shuuji: How on Earth does this make me a closet pervert?
Meguru: It just does, okay? Don't act like you don't know what I'm talking about.
Shuuji: Okay... I kind of do. Actually, I definitely do...
*Meguru is mainly talking about our sex life.*
*Though, she actually likes being bullied. She's always going, "Senpai, oh god, you keep teasing meee!"*
Tsumugi: So, um...
Shuuji: Oh, sorry. We were kinda in our own world there.
Tsumugi: It's okay, don't worry. I'm completely used to that by now.
Meguru: That just makes it more embarrassing! This is all your fault, Senpai!
Shuuji: Yeah, okay. It's always my fault.
Nene: It is great to see that you two are as close as ever.
Nene: But I don't know how to feel about you two resolving everyone's problems by yourselves...
Tsumugi: I know, right? There's nothing for us to do.
Nene: Yeah. I feel kind of left out.
Nene: But I don't think the two of us can keep up with those two.
Tsumugi: Yeah, no kidding. Hoshina-kun and Meguru-chan are both super good at picking up on everyone's worries and feelings.
Nene: Yes. It's unbelievable when you think about how they were just a year ago.
Shuuji: Were we really that dense in your eyes?
Meguru: You had your ability, so I wouldn't say you were outright dense. I think she's talking about how you were kinda out of touch with some things?
Meguru: Right, Nene-senpai? It's hard to believe how this guy used to be, huh?
Tsumugi: Err, you know you're in the same boat, right?
Meguru: No way! You were talking about me too?! I thought I was really good at picking up on things!
Nene: In your case, you were either too considerate or not at all. You were either on or off, with nothing in the middle.
Meguru: Ugh... Y-Yeah, that sounds about right... Now I'm depressed.
Tsumugi: B-But that's not the case anymore, so don't worry about it! You two are now the stars of the club!
Tsumugi: How did you two become so good at this, anyway?
Meguru: Well... I dunno. How did we? I just sorta became able to pick up on things better...
Shuuji: Well, Meguru and I were both really bad at socializing in general.
Shuuji: But now that I have Meguru, I can look back on my past self more objectively... That's probably helping a lot.
Nene: I see. Maybe you're right.
Tsumugi: Oh, so it's thanks to your relationship with Meguru-chan?
Meguru: Senpai...
Shuuji: Hahaha. Well, maybe that's just how I want to see it.
Meguru: No, I think so too! I also wanna see that way too!
Meguru: Nene-senpai, Tsumugi-senpaai! Hoshina-senpai loves me as much as ever♪
Nene: Mmph. I-I can't breathe, Inaba-san...
Tsumugi: Ahaha, at least that hasn't changed about her... Except for the added boyfriend brag.
Shuuji: Yeah, that's my Meguru, alright.
Tsumugi: Right. "Your" Meguru-chan.
Shuuji: Well, it just seemed like the right thing to say here.
Tsumugi: Right, right. Togakushi-senpai would've loved it if she heard that.
Tsumugi: I'm gonna text her and tell her you said that later today.
Shuuji: No, please don't!
*Laughs fill the clubroom as I rush to stop her.*
*This is the state of our club one year after Meguru and I have begun dating.*
*There are some differences now, but some things never change.*
Shuuji: So, what about the fragment retrieval?
Nene: I would appreciate it if you could help with that again.
Meguru: Sure! It's for you two, after all.
Meguru: I got her number, so she'll probably come if I contact her.
Shuuji: Cool. Maybe you should ask her to bring along the friend she made up with too.
Meguru: Yeah. The other girl was worried too, so she should also have fragments to get now that they've made up.
Tsumugi: ...You talked to her friend too?
Shuuji: Yeah. There are always at least two sides to these kinds of situations, so we went to see the other girl too.
Meguru: Anyway, I think there's gonna be fragments for the both of you this time.
Tsumugi: You really have thought of everything!
Nene: Thank you very much. Alright, then...
*Meguru texts the girl to have her come to the courtyard at the end of our lunch break.*
*And then, at just the right time...*
Nene: Nn!
Tsumugi: Now!
Tsumugi: Nice, got 'em all♪
Meguru: Ooh! Great job, Tsumugi-senpai, Nene-senpai!
Nene: Inaba-san, no one else can see us right now...
Meguru: Oh, right! If someone saw me, they'd think I'm some crazy girl shouting at nothing.
Nene: Yes. Hence, I would like you to remain as stoic as possible, like Hoshina-kun.
Meguru: Come to think of it, you've been pretty quiet, Senpai...
Shuuji: Oh, uh... yeah.
*It's been a while since I last saw these two in their witch outfits. Man, they look as amazing as ever in them.*
*The way Ayachi-san's "clothes" barely cover anything is crazy sexy, while Shiiba-san looks really cute in her girly outfit.*
*You can clearly see the shape of their boobs like this... Nothing will ever beat Meguru's cute boobs, though!*
Meguru: ......
Shuuji: I was just thinking how it's strange that I can still see them when they're in witch form, even though I don't have my magic anymore.
Nene: Perhaps that's because the results of your magic are still lingering.
Nene: You may have lost your ability to use magic once your wish came true, but Inaba-san still has your crystallized feelings.
Shuuji: I see. So that's why I can still see you. And Meguru can see you because she has the product of my magic.
Nene: P-Please don't look at me too much... It's embarrassing, plus I feel bad for Inaba-san...
Meguru: Hey, isn't it about time we get back? We just talked about how it would be bad if anyone else saw us!
Shuuji: Oh, whoops. Okay, let's head back to the clubroom.
*As you can see, the collection of fragments for the two witches is going smoothly.*
*It has taken a fair amount of time, but apparently both of them now only have a little more to go before they're done.*
*Having helped them all this time, Meguru and I are both looking forward to that day.*
*Though, I still don't know what their wishes are...*
*It's now after school, with our club activities finished for the day.*
*And Meguru and I are walking down this familiar street once again.*
Meguru: Grrr...
Shuuji: Um, are you upset about something?
Meguru: You were looking at Nene-senpai and Tsumugi-senpai back when they retrieved those fragments, weren't you?
Shuuji: Obviously. They were right there in front of us.
Meguru: You were gawking at them... Especially Nene-senpai with her ridiculously sexy outfit! You couldn't be more of a super perv if you tried.
Shuuji: Why are you only mad about this now?!
*We've seen them in their witch outfits countless times already!*
*I mean, sure, I may have stared at them a bit much, but it's been a while! This is just how guys are! *
Shuuji: I swear to you that you will forever be the only girl for me.
Meguru: So, can you tell me that their outfits didn't even slightly turn you on?
Shuuji: ...No, I can't.
Meguru: Thought not.
Shuuji: What do you expect?! Anyone would stare at such a revealing outfit!
Meguru: I. Don't. Care.
Shuuji: Look... I'm seriously sorry. Please cheer up, Meguru!
Meguru: No can do. I'm jealous.
Meguru: Take this♪
Shuuji: ...What?
Meguru: I'm jealous, so now I'll win you back by doing this♪ 
Shuuji: Oh, you were only playing around? Phew. Don't scare me...
Meguru: Well, I didn't know for sure! I can't tell whether you're speaking the truth when you use words alone.
Meguru: So I gotta do this instead.
Shuuji: ...And what is this telling you?
Meguru: That you really are thinking I'm the only girl for you, right?
Shuuji: Actually, I was thinking, "Man, Meguru's boobs sure are small."
Meguru: So you really were checking out their boobs! You're such a creep. You'll never change, will you?
Meguru: Now I'll never let go of you!
Shuuji: Yeah, please don't. You'll stop by my place today, right?
Meguru: Of course! Gotta keep our promise to always stay together♪
Meguru: So, Senpai, was that true? Am I really the only girl for you?
Shuuji: Do I really need to spell it out?
Meguru: I want to hear it from you. It'd make me happy if you said it clearly.
Shuuji: ...You will forever and always be the only girl for me. No one else could ever compare to you.
Meguru: Heh, hehehe...
Meguru: ...Thanks. You're also the only one for me... Ehehe... Rub, rub♪
*We proceed to walk home while cuddling with each other.*
*The two of us are always like this.*
*We still can't fully understand what the other is thinking.*
*But that's normal. We may love each other, but we're still two separate individuals.*
*This is something we're fully aware of.*
*Which is why we cling to each other and try to read and express our feelings for each other.*
*I don't think this is ever going to change with us.*
*Because at the end of the day, this is what love is all about.*
Meguru: Senpai, Senpai!
Shuuji: What's up, Meguru?
Meguru: Guess what! My love for you is still growing every day.
Shuuji: Yeah? Haha. That's wonderful. So is mine for you.
Meguru: Then I hope that never stops!
Meguru: Senpai! Let's make sure our love never stops growing!
*Like this, we'll live our lives expressing and deepening our love for each other each and every day.*
*Having been blessed with the wondrous opportunity of meeting each other, we will cherish our future together forevermore.*
================================================================================
Shuuji: Fwahhh...
Shuuji: I was hoping getting some fresh air would wake me up.
*A puff of white mist escapes from my mouth as I yawn.*
*The cold morning air pricks at my cheeks.*
*I nestle my face into my scarf, leaving only my eyes poking out.*
*November has only just begun, yet winter is already creeping up on us.*
*In the clear sky above, the sun's rays are lazy and dull, doing a poor job of brightening the morning.*
*I thought cold air was meant to wake you up, but I feel drowsier than ever this morning.*
*I slept through almost all of Sunday, and then Monday came before I knew it.*
*I take my left hand out of my pocket and then open and close it a few times.*
Shuuji: Maybe I was too relaxed after the concert.
*Farewell to finger pain, at least!*
*Or so I think, but my hand naturally curls into the shape it assumes when playing the bass.*
*I'm not planning on becoming a bassist or anything, but I can't forget the feeling I got from having achieved something.*
Shuuji: Being so passionate about something isn't all that bad.
*I've come to understand, at least a little, why Kariya loves the guitar so much.*
*Just as I'm thinking this to myself, I hear a cacophony of high-pitched squeals in front of me.*
Shuuji: Ugh... There are a lot of ravens out this morning.
*I was considering taking a shortcut down a side street, but I balk at the number of ravens occupying the path before me.*
*To be honest, the only animal I hate more than ravens are cockroaches.*
*I'm not scared of them or anything. I just don't like being around them.*
???: ......
Shuuji: ...Hm?
*Just then, a small girl cuts through the flock of ravens.*
*The black birds grow silent and lower their heads as if showing reverence to the girl.*
*She passes right by without so much as a glance shot my way.*
Shuuji: I feel like I've seen her somewhere before...
*Have I? Eh, guess it doesn't matter.*
*Anyway, those ravens didn't do anything when the girl walked through them. I should be fine too.*
*I can't let myself be afraid of a bunch of dumb birds.*
Shuuji: Gah!
Shuuji: H-Hey! Why didn't they do this to her?!
*The moment I step into the flock of ravens, they all caw and flap their wings in unison, as if shooing me away.*
*I rush my way through to the other end of the route.*
*Well, at least that woke me up.*
Shuuji: Phew. What a way to start the morning.
Tsumugi: Ah, Hoshina-kun, good morning. Did something happen?
Shuuji: Morning, Shiiba-san. Nothing major, but yeah. How'd you realize?
Tsumugi: Oh, well, there's some black thing stuck in your hair.
Shuuji: There is? Oh, it's a feather.
Tsumugi: Were you attacked by ravens or something?
Shuuji: Haha, not exactly attacked, no.
Shuuji: But black feathers are kinda cool, huh? It's like I'm a fallen angel or something... Heh.
*I spout out a lame joke in order to avoid explaining how I ran away from a few birds.*
*It's very out of character for me, though, and Shiiba-san makes a strange face in response.*
Tsumugi: Hmm... I don't think they're that cool.
Shuuji: ...Sorry, I was just trying to make a joke.
Tsumugi: Huh? O-Oh no! That's not the issue. You didn't say anything wrong. Don't worry!
Shuuji: Then what is the issue?
Tsumugi: I-I said don't worry about it.
Tsumugi: Anyway, you better be careful. You know how they say that ravens can remember people?
Tsumugi: They'll pull tricks on you and spend their whole lives stalking you. It's true.
Shuuji: Ugh, I don't want ravens ambushing me every day.
Shuuji: I always thought birds were kind of dumb. Can ravens really distinguish between different people?
Tsumugi: Yeah, because birds have such good eyes. Apparently, they can even tell men and women apart.
Shuuji: Wow, you sure know a lot about this, Shiiba-san.
Tsumugi: Huh? Not really. I just heard that from a friend.
Shuuji: I thought that was the she-devil in you speaking.
Tsumugi: The she-devil? Do you mean from Halloween?
Shuuji: Yeah. Ravens and black cats bring to mind witches, wizards and that kind of stuff, right?
Shuuji: Also, it helps that you were really cute.
*I'm overcome with embarrassment the moment those words leave my mouth.*
*Shiiba-san blushes while sulking a little.*
Tsumugi: ...Hmmm?
Shuuji: Huh? What?
Tsumugi: I knew it. You're just teasing me.
Shuuji: No, I'm not. I really meant that.
Tsumugi: Hmm... Are you sure?
Shuuji: You don't believe me?
Tsumugi: I mean, you're always hanging around girls, aren't you? Even though you say you don't have any friends.
Shuuji: Huh?! No way! Whenever I'm in class, I'm always―
*Just then, Kaidou enters the classroom.*
Hideaki: Hey, Shuuji. You're here early.
Shuuji: Perfect timing! This proves that I have male friends... Wait, what's with those?
Hideaki: Hehehe. The inner drummer in me is all fired up.
*Kaidou twirls drumsticks in both hands.*
*He then starts tapping them together in perfect rhythm.*
Hideaki: Ahhh... I wanna drum again in another concert!
Shuuji: Okay, but count me out. You'll have to find another bassist.
Hideaki: Yeah, I know. But that party got me pumped.
Hideaki: I've been fired up ever since our show.
Shuuji: Kaidou? Wait...
*I focus on my friend and sense a deep feeling of satisfaction and joy.*
*Could this be...*
Tsumugi: Nh...
*Shiiba-san's hands clench up in her pockets.*
*I'm guessing her bottle of fragments just reacted.*
Wakana: Shuuji, Kaidou! Wassup.
*And now Kariya enters the classroom.*
Shuuji: Oh, sup. Is your cold all cleared up?
Wakana: Yeah, I feel great now. Sorry for all the trouble.
*She flashes us a peace sign, showing her bandaged fingers in the process.*
Hideaki: Oh, have you been practicing all weekend?
Wakana: Ah, you noticed? I just couldn't put the guitar down.
Hideaki: Yeah, totally! The feeling you get being on stage is addictive as hell.
Wakana: Hmm... I think I'm good on live shows for now. Like, I got to achieve one of my goals.
Wakana: I just want to get better at it first.
Shuuji: Ahh...
*She's probably not aware of how her hands are positioned like they would if she were holding a guitar.*
*I can sense emotions similar to Kaidou's coming from her.*
*Could this possibly be...?*
Nene: Hoshina-kun, Shiiba-san, if I could have a moment.
Tsumugi: ...Y-Yeah.
Shuuji: This seems crazy, but do you think those two are in the right state to have fragments retrieved from them?
Nene: Crazy, but correct.
Nene: Let's retrieve some fragments from the both of them.
Hideaki: Brr, it's freezing! November's too goddamn cold.
Shuuji: Yeah, the courtyard's a ghost town this time of year.
*It's now lunch break, and I've brought Kaidou to the courtyard.*
*A bag with a sandwich in it dangles from his grip as he plays the air drums.*
Hideaki: You really wanna eat out here?
Shuuji: Hmm, maybe we should go back inside?
Hideaki: Maybe, though going back now would be a pain in the ass.
*By now, I feel like I've got a good handle on how to lead the conversation so the other person doesn't suspect anything.*
Shuuji: True. It's not SO bad, and it's nice and quiet out here.
Shuuji: Plus, you can play the air drums all you want without annoying anyone.
Hideaki: Oh, good point! Couldn't do that in class.
*We walk along until we reach a bench.*
Tsumugi: ......
*Kaidou sits down right in front of where Shiiba-san is standing.*
*She's in her witch form, which means only other witches, alps and special people like me can see her.*
*Kaidou, meanwhile, is banging his sticks against his lap.*
Hideaki: ~~♪　~~~♪
Shuuji: Could you at least not do that while we're eating? You're gonna give yourself carpal tunnel at this rate.
Hideaki: I'll be fine. I won't let a little wrist pain get in the way.
Shuuji: You shouldn't overdo your practice. I know that from everything I went through before the party.
Shuuji: And I'll feel guilty about not stopping you if you get yourself injured.
Hideaki: Hahaha, never thought you'd be worrying about me.
Hideaki: Okay, I get it. Just one last phrase, though... Hah!
*Kaidou moves into an intense section of his air drum song.*
*And as he does so...*
Tsumugi: I'm sorry, Kaidou-kun... H-Hiyah!
Hideaki: Dwah?!
*Shiiba-san bonks Kaidou with her hammer, knocking him unconscious.*
*The bonk is accompanied by a brilliant burst of white feathers, all of which are sucked up into Shiiba-san's bottle.*
Tsumugi: Phew. I still feel guilty about this, no matter how many times I do it.
Shuuji: Haha, you do kinda look like a serial killer when you hit them from behind.
Tsumugi: Geez, why do you have to tease me?
Shuuji: I'm sorry. But allowing overflowing emotions to remain unchecked isn't good for the host, right?
Shuuji: You can think of it like you're giving them a vaccine shot or something. There's nothing to feel bad about.
Shuuji: And to be honest, he was getting carried away there, so... Thanks, Shiiba-san.
Tsumugi: Huh? Oh... You care about your friends a lot, don't you?
Shuuji: Only as much as the next guy, I'd say.
*Though, it is true that I wouldn't have been too worried about Kaidou getting injured before recently.*
*You know, it's actually kinda scary how apathetic I was.*
*I hope I've become a better person since then.*
Nene: Good work, you two.
*Ayachi-san joins up with us.*
*She was keeping watch to make sure no one else came into the courtyard until now.*
Tsumugi: You too, Ayachi-san! Are you sure this was alright, though?
Tsumugi: Allowing me to collect the fragments first again, I mean.
Nene: Of course. Kariya-san will be working at the Schwarze Katze tomorrow, so it'll be more efficient for me to collect fragments from her then. Besides...
*Ayachi-san holds out her own bottle.*
Tsumugi: Whoa, crazy! You have so many fragments!
Nene: Yes. I only have a few more to collect now.
Shuuji: When did you get this many?
Nene: Haven't you realized? They returned from you, Hoshina-kun, after the party.
*I raise a hand to my chest.*
*The feeling of satisfaction I got from our show probably rivals Kaidou's and Kariya's.*
*If I didn't have the ability to sense other people's emotions, I might have decided to keep on playing my instrument like them.*
*That thought makes me feel a little bitter.*
Tsumugi: Wait, you got those from Hoshina-kun? Like, you retrieved them after the party?
Tsumugi: Wow, if you were having enough fun to release all of these fragments, then I wish you'd keep on playing the bass.
Tsumugi: You should put on another show and invite me! I'd love to watch you play again!
Shuuji: Ahh, well, I think I'm done with all that. I only ever planned on doing the one.
Tsumugi: Really? But...
Shuuji: Besides, these fragments weren't collected in the way you're thinking. That probably happened because the hole in my heart has been filled in some.
Tsumugi: What hole in your heart?
Shuuji: Oh, right. I never told you about that, huh?
*Whoops.*
*Thanks to Ayachi-san and Shiiba-san reconciling so quickly, I never got the chance to explain myself.*
*I decide to use this opportunity to do just that.*
Tsumugi: That's how it is? I thought you were just helping her out because you were friends.
Nene: If we were just friends, he wouldn't be able to see me in my witch form.
Tsumugi: Y-Yeah, now that you mention it...
Tsumugi: Last time we spoke about this, you mentioned how he witnessed your... arousal, and I didn't know how to continue the conversation.
Nene: That was the worst. The worst, the worst... The absolute worst!
Shuuji: A-Ayachi-san, calm down!
Shuuji: And Shiiba-san, I told you that was an accident.
Tsumugi: I know. You've had it rough too.
Nene: I'm sorry. It was careless of me to not explain.
Tsumugi: It's fine. I still would have thought of you as a friend, even if you never explained things.
Nene: Shiiba-san... Thank you.
*Ayachi-san looks down sadly at her nearly-filled bottle.*
Nene: Soon, the two of you won't need to help me out anymore.
Tsumugi: We're not going anywhere.
Tsumugi: We'll stay friends, even after you graduate from being a witch.
Nene: Yes... Of course.
*Ayachi-san smiles, but concealed by it is a hint of sadness lurking underneath.*
*Kaidou came to not long after that.*
*He seems to be under the impression that he fainted from excessive practice, so he finally stopped flailing his drumsticks around like a madman.*
*―After School*
*I'm heading to the clubroom as usual.*
Touko: Tada♪ Congratulations, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Huh? What's this about?
*Togakushi-senpai grabs hold of me the moment I enter the club building.*
Touko: Mufufu, you haven't forgotten your promise, have you?
Shuuji: Huh? Errm...
Touko: Oh my. You really have forgotten.
*She slouches down and peers up into my face.*
*She gets up close and personal like always, throwing me into a panic.*
Touko: I promised to give you a reward if your show went well, didn't I?
Shuuji: Ahh! Yeah, you did.
Touko: And so for all your hard work, I present to you your second prize reward: two tickets to an amusement park!
Shuuji: An amusement park? And two tickets?
Touko: Would you rather go alone?
Shuuji: ...No. Fair point.
*Going alone wouldn't be a reward. It'd be punishment.*
*I'd feel so left out that I'd probably die.*
Shuuji: Are you sure I can have these?
Touko: It's fine. I got them from a raffle at the mall.
Touko: You can consider them an early Christmas present if you want.
Shuuji: Oh, from a raffle? That's what you meant by second prize...
Shuuji: But... I don't really have any friends to take with me.
Touko: Mufufu, then why not invite someone from the OC?
Touko: There's not a girl who'd say no to going to an amusement park. And it's just the right season for it too.
Shuuji: Ahh, yeah, true.
*I haven't really hung out with the other members of the club outside of school yet.*
*This'll be a good opportunity to change that.*
Shuuji: Thank you so much.
Touko: I wish you luck in your upcoming battle, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Huh...?
*Togakushi-senpai salutes to me... for some reason.*
Meguru: Huh?! Did you just mount it?! Nene-senpai, you mounted the monster!
Nene: I've mounted it... Now I just have to mash the button, right?
Tsumugi: Wahh, ahh! You've got this, Ayachi-san!
Nene: I'm trying my best!
*It seems Shiiba-san is watching Ayachi-san and Inaba-san play MonHun.*
Tsumugi: Holy cow, Ayachi-san! You're button mashing so fast! Oh no, it's fighting back! Ah, aah?!
Meguru: Calm down, Nene-senpai! You just have to hold the R button... Ah!
Tsumugi: Aww...
Nene: I'm so sorry.
Meguru: No, no, don't worry about it. You're getting so much better at this game.
Tsumugi: Yeah, it's too bad you died, but it was so exciting just watching you play.
Tsumugi: I'm sure you'll beat it next time.
Nene: Thanks. I'll do my best.
Tsumugi: Ah. Hoshina-kun, helloha!
Shuuji: Helloha.
*We finally greet each other after they notice me.*
*But damn, the "helloha" infection sure is spreading fast. Now even I'm saying it.*
Meguru: Hey, you're not allowed to say that.
Shuuji: Huh? Do I need your permission to say "helloha"?
Tsumugi: Sorry, should I have gotten permission too?
Meguru: No, no. You're fine, Tsumugi-senpai.
Meguru: But if you want to use it too, Hoshina-senpai, then you have to help Nene-senpai rank up.
Nene: Sorry, but my rank still isn't high enough to participate in the next event quest.
Meguru: And the new equipment you can get from it is suuuper cute! Right?
Nene: ...Yes, I absolutely must get it.
*Nene is totally addicted to this thing.*
*Since I'm using a male character, my armor designs are different from the girls', even when we're using the same sets.*
*But I guess helping Ayachi-san and Inaba-san pretty up their hunters wouldn't be so bad.*
Shuuji: Okay, as long as Shiiba-san isn't feeling left out.
Tsumugi: No, it's fun just to watch.
Shuuji: You'd have more fun if you joined in.
Tsumugi: Ahaha. I don't have a 3DW, sadly.
Shuuji: Oh.
Meguru: Well then, it's time for you to go out and buy one!
Meguru: Then you can become a hunter just like Nene-senpai.
Nene: Inaba-san, you shouldn't be so pushy.
Tsumugi: Sorry. I... don't have all that much money.
*I see. So she can't join in on the fun with everyone?*
*I think about the tickets in my pocket.*
Shuuji: By the way, I ran into Togakushi-senpai a moment ago.
Shuuji: She said she won a raffle at the mall.
Meguru: Wow, really?! The one that was part of their Christmas campaign?
Shuuji: I think so?
Meguru: Nice! It looked like they had a lot of prizes aimed at couples.
Meguru: The first-place prize was a hot springs trip for a family, but the rest were all stuff like a pair of tickets to an amusement park.
Tsumugi: You know a lot about this, Meguru-chan. A hot springs trip sounds nice, though... Wish I could go.
Shuuji: Oh, too bad she only got the second-place prize.
Meguru: No, no, no! The second-place prize is way better than the first this time around.
Meguru: So, who do you think Togakushi-senpai is going with? There's gotta be a ton of people she could go with.
Nene: I don't have the slightest idea.
Tsumugi: ...I wouldn't be surprised if there was someone she wanted to take.
Shuuji: That's what she came to talk to me about.
Meguru: What?!
Shuuji: Before you misunderstand anything, she gave me both tickets. I'm not going with her.
Shuuji: She gave them to me as a reward for the party. See? Here.
*I present the tickets as proof.*
Meguru: Wh-When did this... Senpai, have you invited someone already?
Shuuji: No, that's what I was going to think about.
Shuuji: Togakushi-senpai said I should invite someone from the OC.
Tsumugi: Huh?
Nene: Ah...
Meguru: Huh... Huuuh?!
*Everyone's complexion changes in an instant.*
*There's a strange, indescribable emotion hanging in the air.*
*What is this? Well, not that it matters.*
Shuuji: It's for this Sunday, so...
Meguru: W-Wait a second! I can't do this week. I already have plans with some f-friends from my class!
Shuuji: Oh, okay. What about you two?
Nene: S-Sorry, but this is a bit too sudden.
*Damn. Lastly, I look toward Shiiba-san.*
*But the moment we lock eyes, she wildly shakes her hands in rejection.*
Tsumugi: Huh?! Waaah! I can't I can't I can't! I really really can't!
Shuuji: O-Oh, I see.
*I never thought I'd get rejected this bluntly.*
*Not by all of them.*
*Do they hate me or something?*
Tsumugi: ~~!
*The rest of the day is spent playing MonHun while waiting for potential visitors.*
*But no one is coming around, and the mood in the clubroom is incredibly awkward.*
*What the hell just happened?*
*I shake the tickets in my hand as I walk home.*
Shuuji: Well, I guess I should've expected that. Maybe I should ask Kaidou?
*Though, I'm not in the mood to spend all day at the amusement park with another dude. Not in this time of year.*
*Who else can I invite... Wait.*
*Why do I even want to go to the amusement park this badly? I don't know why I'm so eager.*
Tsumugi: H-Hoshina-kun, hold up!
Shuuji: ...Shiiba-san?
*Shiiba-san appears from behind me, panting for air.*
Shuuji: Did you run after me?
Tsumugi: Yeah... Umm, I think, maybe, there's been a misunderstanding.
Tsumugi: But it wasn't the kind of thing I could explain in front of everyone.
Shuuji: You mean about the amusement park?
Tsumugi: You looked really depressed earlier, you know?
Shuuji: I did?
Tsumugi: Y-Yeah. You looked like an abandoned puppy.
Shuuji: I looked that down?!
Tsumugi: You didn't realize?
*It's not like I can see my own face.*
Shuuji: Sorry for making you worry. I was just a little bummed that no one could come.
Tsumugi: No, it's fine. It's just that, well...
Tsumugi: You know how I can't dress like a girl, right?
Shuuji: Yeah. Your payment for you being a witch, right?
*Now I understand why she couldn't explain herself in the clubroom.*
*Inaba-san was there.*
Tsumugi: The truth is, it's not just clothes... Even just acting like a girl makes me feel sick.
Tsumugi: S-So, I didn't say no because I don't like you or anything.
Tsumugi: It's just that going to an amusement park with a guy, l-like a couple, would probably be too much for me.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Tsumugi: Errm, I said that going to an...
Shuuji: No, I heard you just fine. But what did you mean by "like a couple"?
Tsumugi: Well, I mean, you got tickets for two, right?
Shuuji: Whoa, whoa, hold on! What I intended by inviting you guys was for all of us to go together.
Shuuji: Two of the tickets are free, obviously, but I figured we could just buy the rest and all go together.
Shuuji: It would be pretty cheap to split the cost between us all, right?
Tsumugi: Huh? Fweeeeeeeh?!
*Shiiba-san's face flares up in a brilliant crimson.*
Tsumugi: Y-You didn't say that earlier! Why didn't you mention that?!
Shuuji: Everyone rejected me before I got the chance to.
Shuuji: Togakushi-senpai meant this to be a treat for the whole club, not just me... Right...?
*Wait, hold on. Her strange parting words and her salute come to mind.*
*Did I get the wrong impression here? Did she actually mean the complete opposite?*
*Then that means, Ayachi-san and Inaba-san were awkward because...*
Shuuji: Aaaaahh!! I just caused a huge misunderstanding, didn't I?
Tsumugi: Th-This is your fault, Hoshina-kun! What did you expect when you brought a pair of tickets and said you were inviting someone out?
Tsumugi: Anybody would think you meant a d-d-date!
Shuuji: Shiiba-san, you don't have to say that out loud!
Shuuji: This is embarrassing enough already! How am I meant to show up at the clubroom tomorrow?!
Tsumugi: I-I don't even know how I'm meant to talk to you tomorrow!
*I want to bash my head on a rock or something right the eff now!*
*But then a light pounding on my chest snaps me out of it.*
Tsumugi: Uh! Uh! Uh!
Shuuji: O-Ouch! Hey, Shiiba-san, what're you hitting me for?
Tsumugi: Because this is your fault! You, you really startled me!
Tsumugi: Why did you have to be so confusing?!
Shuuji: I-I'm sorry! Really, I am.
*Not that her punches actually hurt. In fact, they're rather calming.*
*It's adorable how she's only reaching my chest even though her arms are raised slightly.*
Tsumugi: You made me panic and say something weird, so I've been really worried that I might have hurt you!
Shuuji: I-I said I'm sorry.
Tsumugi: Mrr, then why are you grinning while I'm hitting you?
Shuuji: Well... It's pretty cute.
*I do NOT want her thinking I'm a masochist.*
*But now I remember the way she got mad at me when I called her cute this morning.*
Tsumugi: Fweeeh... Sh-Sheesh, you're such a playboy.
Shuuji: Do you really think that?
Tsumugi: I mean, I-I'm the only one you tease by calling me cute and stuff, right?
Tsumugi: It's weird. Ayachi-san and Inaba-san are way cuter. Or do you just say that to everyone?
Shuuji: H-Hmm, I'm not sure?
*I tend to say whatever's on my mind, so I dunno how many people I say that to.*
Tsumugi: I knew it! You do say it to everyone! And when you were asking us to the amusement park, you were talking like you'd be fine with anyone too.
Shuuji: L-Like I said, my intention was for us all to go...
???: What are you up to now, Tsumugi?
Shuuji: ...Huh?
*Is that the girl who passed me by this morning? That's a pretty condescending way for a little girl to talk.*
Tsumugi: Wah, A-Akagi?! Did you come to pick me up?
Akagi: Of course not. It just so happens that I was in the area, so I decided to come and see how you were getting on.
*What's with this girl?*
*A small girl with an oddly sophisticated way of speaking... Ah!*
Shuuji: Sorry, but have you ever been to the Schwarze Katze before?
Tsumugi: Huh? Hoshina-kun, do you know Akagi?
Shuuji: Not exactly. I just remember the... unique way she talked.
Shuuji: I had no idea you two knew each other.
Tsumugi: Yeah, we do...
Akagi: Humph, I know nothing of this child. Who is he?
*...The little girl just called me a child.*
Tsumugi: Come on, I told you about him before. This is Hoshina-kun, from the Occult Club.
Shuuji: Errm, nice to meet you. And you are...?
Akagi: Humph, I needn't give my name to a mere child.
*What is she, chuuni?!*
*This really is something else.*
Tsumugi: Geez, Akagi. I keep telling you not to act like that. It's rude.
Akagi: And I keep telling you that I don't care. Anyway, Tsumugi.
Akagi: I'll have chicken dango for dinner this evening. I saw some in the refrigerator.
Tsumugi: That's fine. Do you want it in a soup? Or would you prefer it grilled?
Akagi: Obviously I want both, you fool.
Shuuji: Do you two live together? Are you sisters or something?
Tsumugi: Yeah, we do. She's...
Akagi: Tsumugi, you need not say more!
Tsumugi: Wait, it's okay if Hoshina-kun knows.
Akagi: If I say you need not, then you need not. And you, boy. You best not pry too much either... Hm?
*Akagi suddenly leans toward me and peers at my chest.*
*Why my chest? What's so interesting about a guy's chest?*
Shuuji: I-Is something the matter?
Akagi: ...You said you had seen me at Nanao's place, did you not?
Akagi: I see. That makes sense. Kukukuku.
*She starts laughing without answering my question.*
*But suddenly, her eyes turn cold like a bird's. I'm unable to read the emotion behind them.*
Akagi: I underestimated you.
Shuuji: ...Right.
Akagi: We're leaving, Tsumugi.
Tsumugi: Huh? Hey, Akagi! Sorry, Hoshina-kun.
Tsumugi: See you tomorrow.
Shuuji: Yeah, later.
*Shiiba-san gives a curt bow and then hurries after Akagi.*
Shuuji: What the hell is up with that girl?
*Based on my recent experience with the extraordinary...*
*I think I know what that girl's deal is.*
*Though, I don't have any proof.*
*Next time I'm alone with Shiiba-san, I'll ask her.*
Shuuji: Ah!
*I'm making dinner when I suddenly remember. I haven't done anything with the tickets yet.*
*I just threw an apron on over my uniform, so they're still in my pocket.*
Taichi: Shuuuji! Papa's getting hungry.
Shuuji: Yeah, yeah. Fried pork, coming right up.
*I put down the tickets and carry over the plates.*
*But my sharp-eyed dad spots them immediately.*
Taichi: Hm? What are those? Oh, tickets to an amusement park?!
Taichi: And two of them?! Don't tell me my son's finally becoming a wife.
Shuuji: Who's becoming a wife? Anyway, do you want more than this or not?
*I pile rice high in his bowl and hand him the soy sauce.*
Shuuji: How much cabbage do you want with this?
Shuuji: Personally, I'm fine with just the juice from the pork, but you don't want things to be too salty.
Shuuji: Didn't they say you needed to lose weight during your last check up?
Taichi: ...You're pretty much acting like a housewife already.
Taichi: Oh, and you've even put chicken dango in the miso soup tonight.
Shuuji: I was just in the mood for some.
*I really hadn't planned on doing so, but I changed my mind after hearing the conversation with Shiiba-san and the little girl.*
Taichi: Seriously, though. You're going to need money if you're going on date, right?
Shuuji: I'm sorry to say, but I just got these off an upperclassman who won them in a raffle.
Shuuji: Actually, I'm worried that I won't have anyone to go with.
*I take off my apron and sit down at the dining table.*
*We both put our hands together.*
Shuuji: Thanks for the food.
Taichi: Thanks indeedy... Well if that's the case, why don't you ask someone? *munch* *munch*!
Taichi: You could just ask a friend or something.
Shuuji: ...Don't talk with your mouth full.
*He'll just be even more worried if I tell him that I've already been rejected by several girls. I'll just keep quiet about that.*
Shuuji: Going to an amusement park alone with a guy would be pretty weird.
Taichi: You have a point there. Oh, this reminds me of something.
Shuuji: If this is yet another story about a date you went on with Mom, I don't want to hear it.
Taichi: No, it's a story from when you were younger.
Shuuji: Then I definitely don't wanna hear it!
Taichi: Hahaha. You didn't realize there was a height restriction for the roller coaster, then you threw a tantrum in front of the boarding area.
Shuuji: I don't remember that! This is so embarrassing!
Taichi: Why don't you take your old dad with you?
Shuuji: That would be even worse! Do you want to torture me?!
Taichi: I think it'd make for a good time. You'd even be able to ride the roller coaster this time!
Shuuji: Why are you so obsessed with that?
Shuuji: And, like, are there any guys who'd go to an amusement park with their parents these days?
Taichi: Probably not.
*I'm exasperated, but then I catch a glimpse of my dad's face.*
Taichi: Going with a girl would be the most natural thing to do.
*He has the biggest smile on his face for some reason.*
Taichi: If you need money then you can always ask for it.
Shuuji: ...Maybe if I get the chance.
*Seriously. If there was a girl I could ask out, I wouldn't be in this situation in the first place.*
*Though, giving these back to Togakushi-senpai would be just as awkward. I'll just shut them away in my desk for now.*
*I hope they don't get left to rot in there.*
*Absorbed by such thoughts, I dig into my chicken dango.*
================================================================================
*I'm startled the moment I wake up.*
*A large raven perched outside my window peers into my room through the gap in the curtains.*
*It's a persistent one. I'm staring it straight in the eye and it's still not flying away.*
*I close the curtains and crawl out of bed.*
*I had completely forgotten about the bird as I got ready for school. But now...*
Shuuji: ...Huh? That raven's still there in the same place.
*I lock eyes with the raven again as I leave my home.*
*I can't actually be sure if it's the same raven, but it's definitely larger than the ones you normally see around, and I'm pretty sure the feathers below its beak are longer than average too.*
*It's staring right at me, not moving a muscle.*
Shuuji: This is freaky. I'm just gonna head to school.
Crow: ......
Shuuji: Gah, is that raven following me?
*Feelings its gaze on my back, I turn around. There it is again, looking right at me.*
*This is seriously creeping me out.*
*I quicken my pace.*
*Yet the raven follows behind me, all the way to school.*
Shuuji: At least it doesn't seem to have followed me into the school. Man... talk about freaky.
*What the hell was up with that raven?*
*I've never seen it, but I'm reminded of that old horror movie, "The Birds."*
*I wouldn't normally worry about such things, but what if birds start suddenly swooping down from the sky to attack me? Just imagining it is giving me the chills.*
Shuuji: Didn't Shiiba-san say that ravens can remember people's faces?
*I don't think I've done anything to piss them off, though.*
Shuuji: Could it be a case of mistaken identity?
*That'd be bad.*
Tsumugi: Morning, Hoshina-kun. Is something wrong?
Shuuji: Morning, Shiiba-san. It's nothing big. I'm probably just imagining things.
Tsumugi: I hope so. Though, yesterday you had a raven's feather stuck on your head.
Tsumugi: And now you're mumbling about a mistaken identity or something?
Shuuji: It's really no big deal.
*She's worried about me after what happened yesterday, huh?*
Shuuji: Though, there is something I wanted to ask you about.
Tsumugi: Yeah? What is it?
*I check to see if anyone else is around.*
*Ayachi-san, as well as a bunch of classmates surrounding her, are nearby. So I say quietly...*
Shuuji: Now might not be the best time, but... it's about that Akagi girl from yesterday.
*If my hunch is correct, this Akagi person is related to witches somehow.*
Tsumugi: ...Ahh.
*Shiiba-san looks uncertain of how to answer my question.*
Shuuji: Sorry, should I not be asking about her?
Tsumugi: No! That's fine... Errm, just come over here.
*She grabs onto the sleeve of my jacket and drags me off.*
*The difference in height makes me slouch down a bit, but it makes for a cute scene.*
*Like that, we make our way to the corner of the classroom.*
Tsumugi: Umm, it's probably okay for me to tell you and Ayachi-san about this. No, actually, I really should tell you.
Tsumugi: But Akagi's been strict about not letting me say anything about her.
Shuuji: She has?
Tsumugi: I think it's fine because we're friends.
Tsumugi: But things like this can lead to fighting between witches, so she's really insistent that I don't say any more than necessary.
Shuuji: ...So she really is related to witches?
Tsumugi: Oh no! I might've said too much.
Shuuji: It's fine. I had a pretty good idea that she was, anyway.
Tsumugi: Yeah... I guess you would.
Tsumugi: If you know about Ayachi-san, then it's pretty obvious what Akagi is.
Shuuji: But you still feel like you can't say it?
Tsumugi: Sorry. Do you think you could give me a bit more time?
Tsumugi: It'd be horrible if she got angry with me. Could you let me try and convince her to introduce herself?
Shuuji: Yeah, that's cool. I don't want to force it out of you.
Tsumugi: Thanks, but also, sorry.
Tsumugi: You've helped me out so much, but here I am, keeping secrets.
Shuuji: You can't help it. These instructions come from Akagi.
Shuuji: That's not gonna stop me from helping you out more, either.
Tsumugi: Awesome! I plan on going to the Schwarze Katze after school today.
*That's where Kariya's fragments will be retrieved.*
Tsumugi: Whatever Akagi says, I'd like to keep on helping the two of you out as well.
Tsumugi: I can't just be on the receiving end, after all.
Shuuji: Like I said, you really don't need to worry about that.
*I unconsciously reach out and pat her on the head.*
Tsumugi: Ah.. Fweh? Hoshina-kun?
*Am I acting overly familiar with her?*
*Her head is at the perfect height for petting.*
Shuuji: I think it's more fun having you around, anyway.
Tsumugi: Sheesh... How can you touch a girl's hair without even hesitating? You must be a playboy.
Shuuji: Hahaha, sorry, I couldn't help myself. I won't do it again.
Shuuji: I don't want to give you the wrong impression.
Tsumugi: ...Huh?
*The moment I take away my hand, Shiiba-san raises both hands to replace it, looking somewhat sad.*
Tsumugi: Oh, you stopped.
Shuuji: Huh? Did you want me to keep doing it?
Tsumugi: N-Not at all! I mean... I don't like you treating me like a kid. It's embarrassing!
Tsumugi: B-But, maybe...
Tsumugi: Maybe it made me... just a little happy. Ah, geez, what am I saying?
Tsumugi: Y-You can just forget about that! I don't want you petting me!
Shuuji: Yeah, sure.
*I tell her I'll stop, but then pat her on the head again anyway.*
Tsumugi: Mrrr... Why do you always tease me like―Ah?!
Shuuji: Hm? What is―Gah?!
*I follow Shiiba-san's eyes and spot the same raven from earlier outside the window.*
*It has a fairly distinct appearance, so I'm sure it's the same.*
Shuuji: That raven followed me all the way to class?!
Tsumugi: Fweh?! Wh-What do you mean?
Shuuji: Oh, err... I'm pretty sure it's the same one.
Shuuji: When I woke up, it was perched outside my bedroom window. Then it followed me the whole way to school, like it was observing me.
Tsumugi: I-It did?!
*I thought she'd laugh, but she's totally surprised.*
*And, for some reason, she's scowling. She looks angry.*
Tsumugi: Geez, after all I said... She's been pestering you anyway.
Shuuji: Err, Shiiba-san?
Tsumugi: Ahh, never mind! Sorry.
Shuuji: No, come on. What did you mean by that?
Tsumugi: Well...
Kanae: Okay, everyone. Take your seats. It's time for homeroom.
*Class is starting already?*
*With no other choice, Shiiba-san and I take our respective seats.*
*Well, we've agreed to meet up after school, so we can just talk about this later.*
*I glance out of the window.*
Crow: ......
*And there's the raven, staring right at me.*
*It's pretty unnerving, but judging from Shiiba-san's reaction, I have an inkling of what that bird's deal is...*
Nene: ......?
*After school, we all head to the Schwarze Katze as planned.*
Wakana: Good morning, Boss... Wait, Hoshina, Ayachi-san? And Shiiba-san too?
Shuuji: Hey, thanks for having us.
Nene: We thought it would be a good idea for us club members to get to know each other better. Right, Shiiba-san?
Tsumugi: Huh? O-Oh, yeah, that. Yeah...
*Shiiba-san's attention is more focused on outside the cafe.*
*That persistent raven is observing us yet again, making it difficult for Shiiba-san to explain anything.*
*Then again, I don't need to ask anything.*
*And, if that raven is what I think it is, there's no need to be afraid, either.*
Wakana: Hmm, I suppose I don't mind you sharing this with Ayachi-san.
Wakana: But don't let word spread too far. Especially not to Kaidou.
Shuuji: Yeah, I won't.
Nene: I'm sorry, Kariya-san.
Wakana: No, you're totally fine. Well, YOU are, at least, Ayachi-san.
Shuuji: ...Hey.
*I haven't failed to miss how her fingers have been taped up a lot more often lately.*
*She has an attitude, but she's been practicing just as hard as Kaidou.*
Nanao: Kariya-san, since we have customers, I would really appreciate it if you changed into your uniform.
Wakana: Ah, got it, Boss! Sorry!
*Souma-san waits for Kariya to disappear into the back room before coming over to us.*
Nanao: Now then. You're Shiiba Tsumugi-san.
Tsumugi: Ah, yes! And you're Souma Nanao-san, right? Ayachi-san's alp.
Nanao: Nene has told me all about you, so you don't need to be so tense.
Tsumugi: ...Huh?
Nene: This is the first time you're meeting in person, isn't it?
Tsumugi: Ayachi-san has done a lot to help me.
Tsumugi: I'm sorry it's taken me so long to come and say hello!
Nanao: No, don't worry about it. I assume you're talking about the agreement you and Nene have. I left that all up to her.
Tsumugi: D-Did you really?
Nanao: Are you dissatisfied? By nature, human emotions are a distant concept to us alps.
Nanao: Rather than say speak poorly, it is more efficient to allow you witches to discuss matters between yourselves.
Nanao: At least, that's what I think, personally.
Tsumugi: O-Oh...
*There's clearly some sort of implication behind Souma-san's words.*
Nanao: Do you not believe me?
Tsumugi: No, I do! I'm really grateful... I was just thinking how different alps can be from one another.
Nanao: Just as every person is unique, so is every alp.
*There certainly is a huge difference between that Akagi girl and Souma-san.*
*Just on appearances alone, Souma-san seems far more mature.*
Nene: Won't Kariya-san be arriving back here soon?
Nanao: ...Yes. I just heard the sound of the locker room door opening.
Tsumugi: Then we need to get ready.
Nene: Y-Yes...
*Ayachi-san still seems as reluctant as ever to change into her witch getup.*
*And yet the white light engulfs the two girls, and they emerge dressed as witches.*
Wakana: Sorry for the wait... Huh? Where did Ayachi-san and Shiiba-san go?
*They are, of course, right in front of Kariya, invisible to her.*
Shuuji: Oh, think they went to the bathroom?
Wakana: What?! Both of them together? In that toilet?
Tsumugi: Oh, right! Ayachi-san's the one collecting fragments. I didn't need to change as well!
*Unlike Ayachi-san, Shiiba-san actually likes her transformation.*
*I should be used to this by now, but I was unprepared and ended up using the same excuse I did before.*
Shuuji: E-Errm, well...
Nanao: Hey, Kariya-san, you're not looking too well. Are you feeling okay?
Wakana: Ah... Sorry. I don't think I got enough sleep last night, haha.
Wakana: But I'll be okay. Really.
Nanao: Well, we are in the service industry here. I can't have you in the cafe looking like that.
*Is Souma-san trying to cover up for me?*
Wakana: R-Right, I'm really sorry, Boss.
Nanao: Don't look so down. I have a special little charm that'll bring the life back to your face. Want me to try it out?
Wakana: Huh? You can actually do that?
Nanao: Of course. Sit down there, and cross your arms, keeping them on top of the table.
Wakana: Okay... Like this?
Nanao: Yup, you got it... Now lower your forehead into the intersection of your arms, and close your eyes.
Wakana: ...Umm, Boss?
Nanao: What?
Wakana: Doesn't this just look like I'm sleeping in class?
Nanao: Keep it up for about five minutes.
*This is clearly not a special charm!*
*However, Kariya is about to lose consciousness. She might just assume she dozed off for a second.*
Wakana: ...I'm not sure waitresses should be seen doing this.
Nanao: No, but fortunately, we don't have any customers.
Shuuji: Huh? Don't I count?
Wakana: Hehehe, the boss doesn't even consider you a customer.
Nanao: Hey, don't open your eyes... This is your classmate. That makes it different.
Nanao: Now, we have to finish the charm before any other customers come.
*She directs that last sentence at the two witches.*
*I can't help but realize how crap I am at acting compared to Souma-san.*
Tsumugi: Wow, Souma-san! You're so clever!
Nene: Yes, she's very reliable. Now then, the fragments.
*Ayachi-san takes aim.*
Nene: I'm sorry to do this again, Kariya-san, but I hope your nap helps with your lack of sleep.
Nanao: Retrieve them.
Nene: Yes, of course.
*She pulls the trigger.*
*Then Kariya falls unconscious, as if she's fallen asleep, and heart fragments dance as white feathers through the air.*
*However...*
Tsumugi: Huh?! Huuuh?!
*Just before the fragments are sucked into Ayachi-san's bottle, they change direction... towards Shiiba-san's pocket.*
*They're headed towards the pocket Shiiba-san's own bottle is likely held.*
*Souma-san grimaces as soon as she notices.*
Tsumugi: I-I-I'm sorry! I didn't mean to... Wh-What's going on?
Nanao: What are you doing, Akagi?
Tsumugi: ...Huh?
*Shiiba-san finally calms down, her mouth no longer flapping open and shut.*
Akagi: Kukuku, I could ask you the same, Nanao.
*Paying the rest of us no mind, the small girl enters the cafe and sits down at the table closest to the entrance.*
*And the raven who was just outside the window is no longer there.*
Tsumugi: A-Akagi! What are you doing? Was that you just now?!
Nene: Is this someone you two know?
Akagi: You're Nanao's witch? That black cat and I have been through a lot together.
Nene: ...Ah, so you can see witches.
*Ayachi-san comes to the correct conclusion at once.*
Tsumugi: What do you mean by "a lot"?
Nanao: Oh, nothing important. There are a lot of rules in the world of alps.
Nanao: But she didn't understand them all too well, so I just gave her a little guidance.
Akagi: ..."A little guidance"?
Akagi: I seem to recall you making me sit with my legs bending the wrong way for three hours straight.
Shuuji: B-Bending the wrong way? Th-That sounds like torture!
Tsumugi: Fweeeh, that sounds painful.
Nanao: Don't get the wrong idea. We've just occasionally sat down to discuss things in the past.
Nanao: And on the occasion she's talking about, we were both sitting normally. You know how birds bend their legs in the opposite way to humans?
Nanao: Well, Akagi's animal form is a raven.
*Ah, I knew it.*
Akagi: Heh, nothing I can do now that you've revealed my secret.
*...Was she trying to hide it?*
Akagi: I am Akagi, Tsumugi's alp!
*I knew it.*
*She puffs out her incredibly small chest with pride. I honestly don't know how to react.*
Nanao: So then, what are you doing here?
Nanao: Didn't you say you had no intention of starting a fight?
Akagi: The situation's changed.
Nanao: I've already had my fill of you breaking the rules when you formed a contract with a witch in my territory.
Nanao: I thought we had already discussed this thoroughly. With your knees bending the wrong way.
Shuuji: Errm, that sounds a bit more forceful than a normal conversation.
Tsumugi: Yeah... More like a lecture?
Nanao: No, it was a discussion.
Nanao: I was just teaching her the mutual understanding we alps have, and the things one must not do in human society. In great detail.
*That definitely sounds like a lecture!*
Nanao: And yet, here you are again.
Akagi: Heh, you're a miserable one, Nanao.
Akagi: Still bound by rules, even now that you're an alp.
Nanao: ...Say what you wish.
Shuuji: Ah...
*This is an incredibly awkward situation I found myself caught up in.*
*Shiiba-san looks really apologetic, like a mother apologizing for their child doing something naughty.*
*She looks like she's about to apologize for Akagi's behavior any moment now.*
Akagi: But this time, you were the one to break the rules, Nanao!
Nanao: ......?
*So surprised is Souma-san that she stands there with her mouth hanging open.*
*Never thought I'd see her looking like that.*
Akagi: Heh, struck speechless at how accurately I hit the mark?
Nanao: No... I actually have no idea what you're talking about.
*Ayachi-san seems to have no idea either, as she exchanges glances with me and Shiiba-san.*
*Obviously, the two of us are just as confused.*
Akagi: How shameful! Come, Tsumugi dear, we're leaving!
Akagi: You are being deceived by these people!
Tsumugi: Huh? I-I am?
Shuuji: Hold on! Sorry, could you at least explain yourself?
Akagi: Stay away from Tsumugi! Especially you, boy!
Shuuji: ...Me?
Akagi: Yes. Did you really think I wouldn't notice the schemes you're plotting?!
Akagi: You are deceiving my innocent Tsumugi in an attempt to violate her pure body!
Shuuji: WHAAAAAAT?!
*Everyone now stares at me.*
Tsumugi: H-H-H-Hold on! Wh-What are you saying, Akagi?! H-Hoshina-kun is trying to do what?
Shuuji: Y-You've got it wrong! I'm not trying to do that at all!
Akagi: What have I got wrong?! The huge number of heart fragments you've gathered is plain as day!
Akagi: Which means that this harlot isn't Nanao's only witch, does it not?
Nene: Wh―?!
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Akagi: You were secretly using another witch to search for Tsumugi, weren't you, Nanao?!
*...I'm a witch?*
*That seems to be what Akagi's getting at. Even if the gender is wrong...*
*I look around and see Souma-san, looking not at all amused.*
Nanao: How ridiculous.
Akagi: What?!
*Souma-san, not interested in continuing the conversation, wraps a shawl around the sleeping Kariya.*
Nene: Impossible, just impossible. I mean, I... If it had to be like this, I would have wanted a cute outfit like Shiiba-san's. Impossible, impossible!
*Seems like Ayachi-san's switch has been flipped, but now's not the time to be worrying about that.*
Akagi: Hey! Stop ignoring me!
Akagi: Only a witch could gather up that many heart fragments, right?! AND he can see other witches too!
Akagi: Right? Ugh, why won't anyone respond to me?! Stop ignoring me, all of you!
Tsumugi: ...Could those heart fragments be what you were talking about the other day?
Shuuji: Yeah, I think so.
*Shiiba-san is probably hesitant to speak about the hole in my heart.*
*So I decide to do the explaining.*
Akagi: Boy! What are you and Tsumugi whispering about?
Shuuji: This is a huge misunderstanding. I'm not a witch. You see...
*I explain how the hole in my heart absorbed all of Ayachi-san's heart fragments.*
Akagi: Wait, that doesn't explain how you're able to see witches.
Tsumugi: Now that you mention it, it doesn't.
Shuuji: Oh, sorry...
*I hadn't been trying to hide it, but it's not the easiest thing to open up about yourself.*
*I'm sure the witches here understand that feeling all too well.*
*But I should at least explain how I can read people's emotions.*
Akagi: This is something Tsumugi doesn't know either? You must be deceiving her!
Shuuji: No, hold on. I'll explain that now too―
Akagi: No, I tire of your explanations! And I find it hard to believe you would suddenly reveal something you have kept hidden all this time.
Tsumugi: Akagi, how about you calm down and listen to what Hoshina-kun has to say?
Akagi: Tsumugi, you mustn't allow yourself to get carried away by his male cajolery! We will finish things here at once!
Tsumugi: Huh? What do you mean by that?
Akagi: Naturally, I mean we are going to steal all of Nanao's witches' heart fragments!
Tsumugi: Whaaaat?!
Akagi: When we do, you'll have no more business here. I'll leave this area, and Nanao, bound by her rules, will not be able to follow me.
Akagi: It will be my total victory! Hah hah hah hah hah!
Tsumugi: No way! I wouldn't do that in a million years! I told you, these are my friends!
Akagi: Do not be so naive! We have every right to do this, do we not?
Akagi: Nanao violated the rules! And she treats me like a fool, so I have never liked her anyway.
Tsumugi: I'm not doing this, Akagi.
Tsumugi: Have you even thought about what would happen if we lost?
Akagi: Grr... A-All you have to do is win, Tsumugi! Go, do it! Get the preemptive strike!
Nene: *sigh* Nanao, what should we do?
Nanao: As I've told you before...
Nanao: I'm leaving this up to you. You witches can decide how to handle this.
Akagi: Oh, planning to run off and abandon your witch?
Nanao: I've yet to see a witch better than my own. And us alps have no right to order our witches in the first place.
Nanao: We form our contracts, then we wait for them to collect the heart fragments in any way they see fit. That is all.
*Souma-san then draws back behind the counter.*
Akagi: Heh, hehehe... Acting all cool and then running away, are you?
Akagi: That means this is two on one! We'll definitely win!
Akagi: Go, Tsumugi! Shall we attack at the same time? What's wrong, Tsumugi! Tsumugi?!
Tsumugi: *sigh* Fine. I guess I have no choice.
Shuuji: Shiiba-san, you're not...?
*Shiiba-san raises her hammer and then swings.*
*Right at the back of Akagi's head.*
Tsumugi: Hiyah!
Akagi: Gah?!
*There's a puff of smoke as Akagi returns to her raven form.*
*She collapses to the floor with her eyes comically spinning round and round.*
Tsumugi: I'm sorry! I'm so sorry! Ayachi-san, Hoshina-kun, I'm so, so sorry!
Tsumugi: I really don't know what else I can say.
Nene: Don't worry, I never believed that you would attack me to begin with.
Tsumugi: Thank you. But I still ended up stealing the fragments that were meant for you.
Nene: Now that they're in your bottle, there's nothing we can do about that.
Nene: I know you didn't mean to.
Tsumugi: I'm still sorry! I'm going to give Akagi a good talking to, so could you apologize to Souma-san for me?
Nene: I'm sure she won't mind at all either.
Tsumugi: Yeah, I hope so... Sorry to you too, Hoshina-kun.
Tsumugi: I'm sure the raven that was chasing you around all day was Akagi.
Shuuji: I agree with Ayachi-san. It's not your fault.
Tsumugi: Yeah, but like... Akagi's my responsibility.
*Shiiba-san gently picks up the unconscious Akagi.*
*Ayachi-san hands her a large towel.*
Nene: Please, use this.
Tsumugi: Thanks.
*Yeah, you'd stand out for sure if you were to walk around town holding a raven.*
*Girls are really thoughtful, huh?*
*Shiiba-san wraps Akagi up in the towel, then walks out of the cafe.*
*I just watch her leave without saying anything.*
*But, as I watch through the window as she trudges away, a sense of unease bubbles up within me.*
*I don't want this to make things awkward.*
Shuuji: Hey, Ayachi-san.
Nene: Please, go after them. I'll look after Kariya-san.
*Ayachi-san probably feels the same as I do.*
*I rush after Shiiba-san without even saying thanks.*
Boy: Hey, Mom! Is that a boy or a girl?
*I hear a boy cry out cheerfully as I burst out of the Schwarze Katze.*
*Is he talking about...?*
Mother: Shh, you shouldn't say things like that.
Boy: They have a girl's face, but are dressed like a boy!
Boy: C'mon, which is it? Mom, which is it?
Mother: I'm sorry.
Tsumugi: It's okay. Ahaha... *sigh*
*Yup, he's talking about Shiiba-san.*
*The way she's holding Akagi conceals the bulges that would normally prove she's a girl.*
*She kinda looks like a really cute guy.*
*Shiiba-san just can't catch a break today.*
Shuuji: Shiiba-san!
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun? Aww... Did you see that?
Shuuji: Hm? S-See what?
*I awkwardly play dumb.*
*I came here to try and cheer her up a bit. I can't be making her feel even worse.*
*She's probably figured out why I'm here, though.*
*I take her bag, still trying to hide the real reason I came running after her.*
Shuuji: I'll hold your bag. Must be hard while you're carrying Akagi.
Tsumugi: Huh? No, it's fine. Really.
Shuuji: No, I insist. You're a girl, after all.
*After saying that, I immediately lose the ability to look Shiiba-san in the eye.*
Tsumugi: Geez, Hoshina-kun. Why do you always say things like that?
Tsumugi: ...You did see that, didn't you?
Shuuji: Ugh...
*That was way too obvious, huh?*
*I couldn't think of a better way to say it, though. Playing it cool is clearly not my strong suit.*
Tsumugi: That sort of thing happens to me sometimes. It was just a little kid. He didn't know any better.
Tsumugi: But, the way you always treat me like a girl d-does make me happy, I guess.
Shuuji: Phew, I thought you were gonna call me a playboy again or something.
Tsumugi: Hehe, are you finally acknowledging it?
Shuuji: Oh, come on. I'd actually need to be popular first.
*Shiiba-san's laughter brings me a sense of relief.*
*It seems like she isn't as depressed as I thought she was.*
Tsumugi: So anyway, why'd you come chasing after me?
Shuuji: Oh... I was probably worrying over nothing, but...
Shuuji: I thought that you might find it hard to come to the OC tomorrow.
Tsumugi: Huh?
Shuuji: 'Cause you seem the most worried about what Akagi did out of all of us.
*Every time I tell Shiiba-san not to worry about this, I sense a strong apologetic feeling coming from her.*
*No matter how many times we say we forgive her, she still feels guilty.*
*Maybe that's because she sees Akagi as part of her family.*
Tsumugi: I'm sorry, Hoshina-kun. You know, Akagi didn't mean anything bad by what she did.
Tsumugi: She just comes to these conclusions from her more animalistic instincts.
Tsumugi: So sometimes she gets the wrong idea and goes a bit crazy... But she's not a bad girl.
*Shiiba-san gently strokes Akagi's head with her index finger.*
Shuuji: Maybe she comes across that way because she's so small?
Tsumugi: Yeah. She may look human, but alps really are different from us.
Tsumugi: I was really shocked by how mature Souma-san looks.
Shuuji: I had the advantage of meeting her first.
*Due to that, I kinda had the impression that all alps were cool, calm and collected.*
Tsumugi: I think it's probably for the best if I keep my distance until Akagi calms down.
Shuuji: H-Hey, Shiiba-san, you're not―
Tsumugi: Don't worry, I'll still come to school and to the OC.
Tsumugi: I can tell I'm going to worry you half to death if I don't.
Shuuji: Geez, don't scare me like that.
Tsumugi: But... I do have to give Akagi a stern talking to as well.
*Shiiba-san adjusts her grip on the towel Akagi is bundled in.*
*The resigned smile on her face makes her look the spitting image of a doting mother.*
*The relationships between alps and witches vary quite a bit, huh? I mean, Souma-san's more like a reliable big sister to Ayachi-san.*
Shuuji: Akagi promised that she'd make your wish come true, right?
Tsumugi: Yeah, of course. Where's this coming from?
Shuuji: I was just thinking about how much you care for Akagi.
Tsumugi: That's not just because she's going to grant my wish, you know?
Shuuji: Yeah, I know.
Shuuji: I gotta admit, I'm curious to know what kind of wish you want granted badly enough to go through this.
Tsumugi: Hmmm...
*Shiiba-san's eyes narrow as she evaluates me.*
Shuuji: Should I not have asked?
Tsumugi: It's not that I don't trust you, Hoshina-kun.
Tsumugi: But if I tell you, you're definitely gonna laugh at me. So I don't wanna.
Shuuji: What? I won't, I swear!
Tsumugi: You liar. You're always saying that and then making fun of me anyway.
Shuuji: No, I... I do actually, don't I?
Shuuji: But it's a wish you want badly enough to make yourself dress up as a guy, right?
*That's her price for becoming a witch, so her wish must be something worth going through that for.*
Shuuji: So I would never laugh at that.
Tsumugi: Really? Do you know how much trouble it is for me to only be able to dress up in boys' clothes?
Tsumugi: I don't think you do, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Hmm, I think you look pretty good, anyway.
Tsumugi: That's not the issue here.
Tsumugi: Would you like it if you suddenly had to go to school in a girls' uniform?
Shuuji: I'd rather die!
*At the very least, I wouldn't be able to go to school like that.*
*And even if I were to stay at home, the thought of what my dad would say is enough to give me a stomach ache.*
Tsumugi: D-Don't die on me, Hoshina-kun!
Shuuji: But that's just how horrible it would be!
Shuuji: I get your point, though. The way everyone would go on about how cute I look in girls' clothes would make me wanna die.
Tsumugi: I don't want to die, but you understand now, right?
Shuuji: Yeah. I'm sorry about everything before.
*I put my hands together and beg for forgiveness.*
Tsumugi: I suppose I can forgive you.
Tsumugi: I never thought you'd show so much remorse, though.
Shuuji: Look, I know this doesn't make up for it, but I'll tell you my secret.
*What kind of jackass tries to get at someone's secrets when they haven't finished talking about their own?*
Shuuji: You know how you asked earlier why I can see witches?
Tsumugi: Oh yeah, you were trying to explain that.
Shuuji: The thing is, Akagi isn't the first one to mistake me for a witch.
Shuuji: Apparently, Ayachi-san thought the same thing at first.
Tsumugi: She did?
*I explain how my mom used to be a witch.*
*And how the magical energy she passed on left me able to perceive other people's emotions through my senses.*
Tsumugi: Isn't that like ESP? Wait! Can you tell what I'm thinking now?
Shuuji: Nah, that would be telepathy.
Shuuji: My ability's closer to empathy.
*Telepathy is understanding what someone's thinking, while empathy is understanding what someone is feeling.*
Shuuji: I dunno if this explanation makes things any easier, but I can sort of read people's moods through sensations I pick up with my tongue and ears.
Tsumugi: ...You're surprisingly untactful, given that ability.
Shuuji: Hmm, well speaking from experience, being able to read the mood and knowing how to behave are different things.
*I have a bad habit of just saying whatever's on my mind.*
Shuuji: I can't really control my ability.
Shuuji: To be honest with you, that previously made me want to distance myself from other people as much as possible.
Tsumugi: ...Huh?
Shuuji: I was pretty good at making it at least look like everything was fine.
Shuuji: Though, I guess people told me I had eyes like a dead fish pretty often.
Tsumugi: Really? You've never seemed like that to me.
Shuuji: Yeah. I changed after joining the OC.
Shuuji: I was taking life more seriously by the time I met you.
Shuuji: So the reason I come across as such a moron is that I'm not really used to interacting with people.
*That's how much of a burden my power has been.*
Tsumugi: I'm sorry. I didn't realize you were suffering like that.
Tsumugi: You've been suffering this whole time without telling anyone about it?
Shuuji: Don't you find it creepy? I've been reading your emotions this whole time.
Tsumugi: It's not like you ever did anything bad with that power, and I am a witch and all.
Tsumugi: So if anything, I've probably been the one lacking tact here... No, I know I have.
*A bitterness manifests on the back of my tongue... Huh?*
*I think Shiiba-san feels really bad about this.*
*Personally, I think it's pretty normal to feel slightly creeped out by my power, even if you are a witch.*
Tsumugi: I know this won't make up for it, but how about I tell you my secret too?
Tsumugi: The wish that made me become a witch.
Shuuji: You sure?
Tsumugi: It's really not that big of a deal. It's sorta embarrassing how much I've been hiding it, actually.
Tsumugi: But, if possible, could you not laugh?
Shuuji: I won't.
Tsumugi: I used to be really obsessed with dressing up cute and girly.
Tsumugi: There was... this one set of clothes I really wanted.
Shuuji: ...You didn't wish for money to buy clothes or something, did you?
Tsumugi: No, I got a part time job.
*Makes sense. That wouldn't be worth becoming a witch for.*
*So, how is this connected to her becoming a witch?*
Tsumugi: But on the day I finally got paid... the clothes I wanted sold out.
*Huh? No, there's gotta be more to it than this, right?*
Tsumugi: Just as I was starting to feel depressed, Akagi appeared before me.
Shuuji: ...You what.
Tsumugi: And so I made my wish... To have one more set of those clothes back on store shelves.
Shuuji: So, uh... That's why you have to dress up as a guy?
*The cost efficiency is seriously messed up here!*
Shuuji: You're being cheated if you're paying that price for something so small.
Shuuji: This is far too cruel!
Tsumugi: I-I know! I suppose that normally it would have been a smaller cost.
Tsumugi: But typically your wish isn't granted until you've collected all the heart fragments.
Tsumugi: But I was so, so, so desperate back then.
Tsumugi: That Akagi loaned me her magic in advance.
Shuuji: Wait, does that mean...
Shuuji: You already have those clothes, and the high price is just the interest on that loan?
Tsumugi: Y-Y-Yeah, more or less.
Shuuji: ......
Tsumugi: ......
Shuuji: ............
Tsumugi: ............
Shuuji: ...Pfft!
Shuuji: Ahaha, ahahahaha! What the hell? Ahahahahahahaha!
Tsumugi: Hey! You ARE laughing!
Shuuji: I-I mean, I never thought... it would be something so pointless. Ahahahaha!
Shuuji: Like, she loaned you her magic, and the interest on that loan is forcing you to dress as a guy?
Shuuji: That means you haven't even been able to wear them yet, right?
Tsumugi: W-Well yeah, but... Geez! Sheesh! You said you wouldn't laugh!
*Still clutching Akagi, Shiiba-san starts pounding on my chest.*
Shuuji: I'm sorry. I really didn't mean to laugh! Not until I heard the full story.
Tsumugi: They never sell clothes again once a line goes out of season, you know?
Tsumugi: Which means you can't buy something once it's sold out!
Shuuji: Yeah, I know that much.
Tsumugi: And it was like, those clothes were designed JUST for me! They were everything I wanted!
Tsumugi: If you saw them, Hoshina-kun, you'd say they're cute. You definitely would!
Shuuji: Okay, okay, just calm down.
Tsumugi: Mrr... Fine then.
Shuuji: Oh, it's fine?
*I thought she'd keep on beating me up for a bit.*
Tsumugi: I mean, given your problems, I know I look like an idiot.
Shuuji: That's not true...
*I sense more bitterness from Shiiba-san.*
Shuuji: Look, I'm really sorry. I know I promised not to laugh.
Shuuji: I have no excuses.
Tsumugi: Huh? What's gotten into you?
Shuuji: Well, I could feel how worried you are about this.
Shuuji: So it made me feel kinda guilty.
Tsumugi: Huh, you could really tell that?
Shuuji: Well, my power's not that great, so it's not very precise.
Tsumugi: You just kinda got the impression, then?
Shuuji: Hmm, how can I explain this?
Shuuji: Oh, I've got it. Like, the seriousness of a feeling comes down to its temperature.
Tsumugi: Temperature? Oh right, you do feel these things with your senses.
Shuuji: Do you like cream stew, Shiiba-san?
Tsumugi: Yeah, I like it this time of year piping hot!
*This is probably the easiest way to explain the bitter regret I was feeling from Shiiba-san.*
Shuuji: So what if that very same stew was put in the freezer?
Tsumugi: ...Huh?
Shuuji: Genuine kindness feels like that piping hot stew.
Shuuji: But lies and hypocrisy feel like frozen stew is being forcibly poured into my mouth.
Shuuji: And there's nothing I can do about it. Being surrounded by people feeling like that is the worst.
Shuuji: Like, it's pure hell... Huh?
Tsumugi: Ah...
*Tears form in the corners of Shiiba-san's eyes.*
Shuuji: Wh-What's wrong? Was it something I said?
Tsumugi: No, it wasn't... I've been wondering why you had to avoid people when you're such a nice person yourself.
Tsumugi: But now I think I understand why. I'm sorry... I'm so sorry, Hoshina-kun. I'm so hopeless... I'm sorry.
Shuuji: Why are you apologizing?
Tsumugi: I mean... Sympathy is basically hypocrisy, isn't it? I must have made you taste that frozen stew loads of times, haven't I?
Tsumugi: I'm sure I've made you feel gross a ton of times without even realizing.
Shuuji: H-Hold on... That's, that's really not true.
*I grab her shoulders.*
*...She's so warm.*
Shuuji: Your emotions are always warm to me.
Tsumugi: Really?
Shuuji: Yeah, really...  Now that I think about it, I haven't once felt an emotion from you that has made me feel gross.
*I only just this realize myself.*
*Shiiba-san's emotions really do always feel warm.*
Tsumugi: That's gotta be a lie. Even I have negative thoughts sometimes.
Shuuji: Maybe, but even so. That's the honest-to-god truth.
*I find myself so panicked that it's almost humorous.*
*Now that I think about it... was there really any need to tell her everything in so much detail?*
*I've never told anyone this much before. Not even Ayachi-san.*
*Her genuine worry for me made me pour my heart out.*
Shuuji: I can't tell what you're actually thinking about, but at the very least, it's never been anything that's made me feel gross.
Tsumugi: But Hoshina-kun, you wouldn't admit it, even if it had happened, right?
Tsumugi: I wouldn't know unless you had said something, but I don't think you ever have.
Shuuji: Yeah, I guess not...
Tsumugi: The reason you decided to quit playing the bass is because you hate being surrounded by so many people, right?
Tsumugi: ...And there I was, trying to push you into doing it.
Tsumugi: Now that I know what's going on, please just explain these things to me in the future.
Tsumugi: I'm your friend. I wouldn't want to do something that hurts you without even realizing it.
Shuuji: S-Sorry... I'll be sure to speak up in future. I'm really sorry.
*The November breeze brushes my cheeks, my scarf blowing in the wind.*
*And yet, it's so warm being by this girl's side.*
*I'm being told off, but the sheer ridiculousness of the situation is making me giddy.*
*I've never felt this way about anything before.*
Akagi: ......
Akagi: (Oho, this boy... He seems like he might be useful for getting one up on Nanao.)
Akagi: (Kukukukukuku!)
================================================================================
*A long-forgotten memory resurfaces from the depths of my mind.*
*It's from a short period of time when I was skipping school.*
*By then, I had already realized that it was in my best interest to keep my power hidden.*
*Whenever I had tried to speak of it, I had been made fun of and treated as a weirdo.*
*Back then, no one seemed to care about my plight.*
*So the easiest thing for me to do was hide my true self in order to avoid standing out.*
*But one day, I caught a cold and had to stay home from school.*
*Luckily, my fever went down after a single day.*
*But for the next day, and the day after that, I continued to stay home.*
*Unbeknownst to me, parts of my heart had already begun wearing down.*
*Yet my dad didn't treat me any differently.*
*While I played hooky, he'd tell me countless stories of how much fun he had back when he was a student, laughing all the while. He never scolded me.*
*I ended up taking advantage of his kindness to avoid school.*
*But by the time I'd had five days off from school, including the weekend, the guilt I felt from skipping was too much for me to handle.*
*I decided then that I would go to school the next day.*
*I had made up my mind. However, things didn't go so simply...*
All: Hoshina-kun!
All: Let's go to school together!
Shuuji: ...Huh?
*It was after school on my last day skipping.*
*And, for some reason, a bunch of classmates had gathered in my home.*
*They were like a well-maintained bed of tulips, all with brilliant smiles spread across their faces.*
*And in the middle of them stood our teacher, grinning like a gardener proud of her hard work.*
Teacher: Hoshina-kun, everyone's here because they're worried about you.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Boy: Yeah, Hoshina! We're here because we want you to come to school with us tomorrow.
Girl: I know we don't talk too much, but we all miss you!
Girl: So come to school with us tomorrow!
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Teacher: All together now!
All: Let's go to school together!
Shuuji: Mrff?!
*At that moment, I was assailed by violent nausea, the likes of which I'd never felt before.*
*Gross, gross, gross!*
*Their warm and tender kindness. Their beaming smiles.*
*It was like I was looking at a Picasso through a fisheye lens, the contradictory nature of it all melting together.*
*Everyone had warped together into a giant monster wrenching my mouth open.*
*That thick, cold stew poured down my throat, making me want to heave.*
*This is no metaphor. Thanks to my power, it had felt as real as any actual stew.*
*The nausea was so intense that it had nearly brought on an existential crisis. And yet, I...*
Shuuji: Th-Thank you, everyone.
*I desperately forced a smile.*
*I knew.*
*I knew how much worse it would get if I turned them down. Like tasteless clay was being forced into my mouth.*
*I could hardly let myself throw up there!*
*If I had, I never would have been able to go to school again. Even more horror would have awaited me.*
*That was no metaphor either. So I...*
Shuuji: I'll come back to school tomorrow.
*Then it happened...*
*Like I was being rewarded for giving a correct answer, a delicious sweet nectar satisfied my mouth.*
Teacher: That's the way, Hoshina-kun! School is a wonderful place.
Teacher: It's not just for studying. You get to learn so many things alongside all your friends.
Shuuji: Y-Yeah.
*By doing what everyone else wanted, I received a wonderful reward.*
*But the punishment for going against their wishes would have been unbelievably awful. That's one thing I had learned.*
Boy: You should come play soccer with us tomorrow!
Shuuji: Sure... Hah... Haha.
*My sense of self had begun to fade away. My feelings and will mattered not in the face of the collective animal that was my peers.*
*Never declining and always doing what everyone else wanted makes everything so much easier.*
*Not thinking for myself makes everything so much easier.*
Girl: Yay! I'm so happy you're coming, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Ahahaha...
*Being in a dream gives me a commanding view.*
*I can see myself with eyes like a dead fish.*
*I doubt that was all it took to open the hole in my heart.*
*But events like this were what caused it to grow, little by little.*
Shuuji: ......?!
*I wake up with a start.*
*I clutch my chest, trying to hold back the nausea.*
*Fortunately, I don't actually throw up, but the discomfort from my dream lingers for a while.*
Shuuji: *pant* *pant* I thought I'd forgotten about that.
*The event certainly left an impression on me, but similar things have happened countless times since then.*
*So it shouldn't be a particularly special memory.*
*Eventually, I notice through the gap in the curtains a lone raven perched outside my window.*
Crow: ......
*The edges of its beak seem to curl upwards as it stretches its wings and takes off into the sky.*
*Was it smiling?*
Shuuji: Could that have been... Well, whatever.
*I don't even want to think about that.*
*So, just as I would any other morning, I get dressed and make myself some toast.*
*I also use some badly aging lettuce to make a salad without any crunch.*
Taichi: Hey, hey, what's up with this breakfast?
Shuuji: Something wrong?
Taichi: You're just chucking things onto the plate. Where's the love in that?
Shuuji: ...Right.
Taichi: You know, daddy loves his cabbage rolls.
Shuuji: Okay.
Taichi: ...Shuuji?
Shuuji: Cabbage rolls, right? I heard you.
*My dad stops what he's doing and stares into my eyes.*
*He walks over to me in silence and then whips out a pair of wacky Groucho glasses and puts them on me.*
Taichi: Whoa, scary!
Shuuji: ...You're the one who put them on me.
*I can't muster the energy to get mad at him anymore.*
Taichi: Hey, did something happen? You're really out of it this morning.
Taichi: Your dead fish eyes are making the Groucho glasses seem really scary.
Shuuji: ...Dead fish eyes?
Taichi: You're reminding me of how you were at your worst.
*Well, I'm certainly not at my best.*
Taichi: If you're not feeling well, you could always take the day off, you know?
Shuuji: Nah, I don't think I'm sick. I don't have a fever, at least.
Taichi: ...Yeah?
*Dad returns to his seat without pursuing the topic any further.*
Taichi: So, my work decided to hold a Christmas party this year!
Taichi: I'm in the middle of an Ultimate Party Tricks training course. That's what I bought the glasses for, hahaha.
Shuuji: ...Oh, sounds nice.
Taichi: I just love Christmas! Have you decided what you want from Santa this year, Shuuji? Wait, hold up!
Taichi: You're not gonna leave the house wearing those, are you?
*My dad reacts to me standing up from the table and shouldering my bag without taking the glasses off.*
*I can't be bothered figuring out what to do with them, so I just slide them into my pocket.*
Shuuji: 'Kay, see you later.
Taichi: Hey, Shuuji! I need those for the Ultimate Party Trick―
Taichi: ......
Hideaki: Hey, Shuuji! You're la―Wait, what the hell is wrong with you?
Wakana: Whoa, it's like you've gone back to your old self. You're in dead fish mode.
*The moment I get to class, Kaidou and Kariya repeat almost the same crap my dad said.*
Hideaki: Stay up all night playing games? Actually, this looks worse than that.
Wakana: You look like you've gone to hell and back overnight.
Shuuji: ...Do I really look that bad?
Wakana: What, you can't tell?
Hideaki: This is serious. You should take the day off, man.
Shuuji: I don't have a fever or a cough or anything.
*I put down my bag and take my seat. Now it's Shiiba-san's turn to come over to me.*
Tsumugi: H-Hoshina-kun...!
*For a brief moment, I feel a tiny bit warmer.*
*But the first thing Shiiba-san does is place her hand on my forehead.*
Shuuji: Huh? Sh-Shiiba-san?
Tsumugi: Phew... You're not running a fever. Are you feeling okay?
Shuuji: Yeah, I'm not sick.
Tsumugi: Does this have something to do with... your power?
Shuuji: Nah, not that, either.
*Guess she came to that conclusion since we spoke about it yesterday.*
*Why am I like this, though?*
Nene: Wait, you don't think...
Tsumugi: Ayachi-san, do you know what's going on?
Nene: Well... He's returned to his former self, hasn't he?
Wakana: Y-Yeah, he pretty much has.
Nene: I see. Then I believe it would be best if you avoided getting too close to him, Shiiba-san.
Tsumugi: Huh? B-But why?
Shuuji: ......?
Kanae: Okay, everyone. Take your seats... Hm? What's this?
*The teacher arrives, nobody currently surrounding me moves.*
Nene: Sensei, Hoshina-kun doesn't seem to be feeling too well. May I take him to the infirmary?
Shuuji: Huh? But I'm not sick.
Kanae: Oh, please. You look like a dead man walking. You're not fooling anyone. Ayachi, if you'd please.
*Seriously? I look so bad that my teacher won't believe me?*
Nene: Of course. Could you help me, Shiiba-san? Just avoid getting too close.
Tsumugi: O-Okay, sure!
*The two of them escort me out of the room on either side of me. I no longer have the power to refuse.*
Kanae: ...You only really need one of you to take him there. Well, whatever.
Kanae: Everyone, take your seats.
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun, are you okay? Can you walk?
Shuuji: Yeah, I'm fine... Wait, aren't we going to the infirmary?
Tsumugi: Ah, right. Are we going to the club room?
Nene: Yes. If Hoshina-kun were simply physically sick, this wouldn't be an issue.
Nene: But I think it's best that we examine him first. Just please refrain from getting too close, Shiiba-san.
Tsumugi: B-But... I've never seen him like this before.
Shuuji: Shiiba-san, I can walk on my own, really.
Shuuji: Ayachi-san, do you think this was caused by magic somehow?
Nene: That's what we need to look into. Okay, we're here.
*We arrive at the clubroom. The girls have me sit down by myself in the corner of the room.*
*They're obviously not doing it out of spite, but I still have no idea what's going on.*
Tsumugi: Ayachi-san, how are we going to examine him?
Nene: Do you currently have your fragment bottle with you?
Tsumugi: Ah, right... Akagi took it with her this morning, so no, I don't.
Nene: Is that so? Then I suppose there wasn't any need for you to be so careful.
Shuuji: What do you mean by that?
Shuuji: All those bottles do is react when you're about to collect fragments.
Nene: Indeed. Now please look at my bottle.
Tsumugi: Huh?! Wh-What's going on?!
Shuuji: Sorry, I can't really see from over here.
Tsumugi: Well... When she pointed the bottle toward you, it was like the fragments inside it lost their shine.
Tsumugi: And they were all rattling around inside... I've never seen anything like that before.
Nene: This is my first time actually observing it, too.
Nene: Since last time the accident occurred before I could take a look.
Shuuji: Last time? Accident? Do you mean...?
*The fragments in a bottle shine stronger when it's possible to collect more fragments.*
*The opposite reaction would mean...*
Nene: Yes, it's possible that the hole in your heart has been reopened, Hoshina-kun.
Nene: Did anything happen yesterday that could have led to this?
Shuuji: ...Anything is a bit broad.
Tsumugi: Oh no! I was with you right until the end yesterday, so, maybe...
Tsumugi: W-Was it my fault?!
Nene: Please calm down. There's no proof of that.
Tsumugi: But...!
Shuuji: Nah, it can't be your fault, Shiiba-san. I was happy that I had that conversation with you.
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun...
Nene: Then you have no idea what it could be?
Tsumugi: It has to be something. It'd make no sense for it to happen this suddenly otherwise.
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun, how about you go through what you did after that?
Shuuji: Hmm, well I just went home... Oh, I did see this old dream last night, though.
Nene: What dream?
Shuuji: It was nothing big, but it's possible that it's related to the hole in my heart...
Nene: Could you tell us about it, just in case?
Shuuji: Well, I'm not sure it actually is related, is the thing.
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun, do you remember our promise?
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Tsumugi: You promised to tell me if anything bad happens, or if anything makes you feel gross.
Shuuji: Oh yeah, right... I did.
*I can't argue against Shiiba-san. Not with her peering right into my eyes.*
*And so I explain the dream.*
*In my current state, I don't even realize how deep a subject it is.*
*I explain every little part of my dream, not glossing over anything.*
Tsumugi: Ahh... *sniffle*
Nene: ......
Shuuji: Well, I mean... That happened a long time ago! And that kind of thing happened all the time, so...
Tsumugi: ...You've been suffering all alone ever since you were little, haven't you?
*A heavy discomfort settles in my stomach. I almost want to get up and run away.*
*But there's something different about Shiiba-san from most people.*
Tsumugi: Can't we close up the hole in his heart somehow? We really need to find a way.
Tsumugi: He can't just revert to this state every time he has a bad dream.
Shuuji: Well, it was getting filled in gradually.
Shuuji: I find it hard to believe one little dream could have widened it so much. Not after all this time... Probably.
Tsumugi: Then what could the cause be?
Nene: Let us discuss this with Nanao.
*Ayachi-san takes out her phone.*
Akagi: Kukuku, there will be no need for that!
*A voice echoes through the room.*
*...Followed by a loud thud and the violent shaking of one of the room's windows.*
Shuuji: Wh-What the?
Nene: ...Did something black just slam into the window?
Tsumugi: Ah! Akagi, are you okay? Akagi?!
*Shiiba-san opens the window and brings inside the black raven, its eyes once again spinning comically.*
*A puff of smoke surrounds the bird, and out of it comes Akagi in her human form.*
Akagi: Oww, owwie... K-Kukuku!
Akagi: There will be no need for that!
*She then repeats what she said earlier.*
*Oh yeah, didn't I get a glimpse of her this morning?*
Nene: ...Hello, Nanao?
Akagi: I said there's no need for that!
*Akagi somehow manages to snatch Ayachi-san's phone away from her.*
Tsumugi: Akagi! You shouldn't steal people's things. Bad girl!
Akagi: Oh, shush. I'm just borrowing it.
Akagi: Nanao?
Nanao: Oh, it's you Akagi? Can I hang up?
Akagi: Wait, who even does that?!
Nanao: I thought I heard you say there was no need for this?
Akagi: Heh, I've decided that I shall allow you to listen as well.
Nanao: You're such a pain. I don't even know what's going on.
Akagi: Yesterday I heard that this Hoshina boy had a hole in his heart.
Akagi: Apparently, it had absorbed all of your witch's fragments.
Nanao: ...And what of it?
Akagi: Finally interested, are you?
*Akagi speaks in an arrogant tone.*
Akagi: I feel no pity for these humans. Only a useless alp would do so.
Akagi: For anywhere there are fragments to collect, collect them we shall.
Tsumugi: Akagi? Wh-What are you talking about?
*Akagi grins triumphantly as she thrusts out a small bottle.*
Tsumugi: Is that my fragment bottle? Wait, it seems much fuller than the last time I saw it... Huh?
Akagi: Human hearts are fragile. Particularly those with holes in them.
Akagi: With my talons, I can make one crumble away as they sleep.
Nene: ......!
Tsumugi: No... You didn't...
*Seriously? She's the one who did this to me?*
*How dare she! Or so I would normally say, but honestly, I can't muster the anger to do so.*
Akagi: Kukuku, I see no need to burden myself with rules as you do.
Akagi: Well, do you see how great I am now? All of the fragments your witch collected and sucked into her bottle have been taken by none other than me!
Nanao: ......
Akagi: Oh, do you not intend to complain?
Akagi: These fragments were inside the boy's heart, and so according to your precious rules, they did not belong to you.
Akagi: Now, Tsumugi my dear! You are one step closer to being free of your contract.
Nanao: Are you daft?
Akagi: What?!
*We can't actually hear what Souma-san is saying.*
*But we can imagine it well enough from Akagi's reaction.*
Nanao: If you don't think you're daft, then why don't you try taking that bottle over to Hoshina-kun?
Akagi: Heh, desperate not to lose, are you?
Akagi: I know not what meaning such actions holds, but very well.
Tsumugi: Ah!
*Akagi thrusts the bottle at me.*
*And when she does, the stopper pops out of the bottle and a dazzling display of feathers and white light burst out.*
Akagi: Nwah?! Wh-What trickery is this?!
Akagi: The fragments I collected are being sucked into the boy! Wh-What is happening?!
Tsumugi: So this is why you told me not to get too close, Ayachi-san.
Nene: Yes. The same thing happened to me.
*All of the fragments that were inside Shiiba-san's bottle have now been absorbed into me.*
Nanao: As you say, human hearts are fragile. Yet they have incredible powers when it comes to repairing themselves.
Nanao: Our claws and fangs can do nothing to a healthy heart.
Akagi: Nanao, you knew this would happen! You tricked me!
Nanao: You said it yourself. No one has ownership of Hoshina-kun's heart.
Nanao: No one but Hoshina-kun himself, that is.
Akagi: But he even absorbed the fragments that Tsumugi collected herself!
Nanao: I do feel bad for her, but it was your own ignorance that led to this.
Nanao: Do you even know why it is we alps cooperate with witches to collect fragments?
Nanao: At first glance, it seems inefficient.
Akagi: Hmm? Hmmm... Is it not because dividing the work between two is faster?
Nanao: You're not wrong. But is that the only reason?
Nanao: We are not capable of fully understanding the human heart, which means it is difficult to gauge the amount of power to use when collecting fragments.
Nanao: And if we go too far, as you just did, and break the heart too badly, then we'll end up back where we started.
Nanao: I do believe I mentioned this in the rules I explained to you when we had our previous territorial dispute.
Nanao: Perhaps it's true what they say about birdbrains forgetting everything after they taking three steps?
Akagi: Don't compare me to a chicken! Ravens are smart!
Nanao: At least tell me that you understand what you've done.
Nanao: If not, then I doubt you'll even gain the experience to maintain your human form.
Akagi: What! What is the meaning of that?! Nanao? Nanao?!
Akagi: Curses! How dare you hang up on me without saying anything! This is why she's such a... Hmm?
Tsumugi: ......
Nene: .........
Shuuji: ......
*Thanks to all the fragments I've absorbed, I'm back to my usual self.*
*The three of us surround Akagi.*
Akagi: Hm? Wh-What's gotten into you all? Why do you look so angry?
Akagi: Tsumugi, why are you angry too? All I did was...
Tsumugi: My gosh, you're such a dummy, Akagi!!!
Tsumugi: I'm so, so, so, so, sooooo sorry!
*After a long, heartfelt lecture, Shiiba-san is pressing down Akagi's head as they both prostrate themselves on the floor in front of me.*
Akagi: *sniff* *sniff* Why do I have to kneel on the floor with my legs bending the wrong way?
Tsumugi: Hey! Lower your head properly, Akagi!
*She's like a mother disciplining her naughty child.*
Akagi: Oww oww oww! My legs have gone numb! I can't move! If you keep pressing my head, I'm gonna―owwww!
Shuuji: H-Hey now, Shiiba-san! I think that's enough.
Shuuji: You personally have nothing to be sorry for, anyway.
Nene: Indeed. I've realized just how fortunate I am to have Nanao as my alp.
Tsumugi: Aww, I really am happy to hear that, but this all happened because I haven't been strict enough with her.
Akagi: Hey, the boy said that's enough. Can't you let go of me?
Tsumugi: Be quiet and think about what you've done!
Akagi: Owww! You know my legs aren't meant to bend this way!
Akagi: Owww, owwwwwww!
*This is never gonna end at this rate.*
Shuuji: Anyway, I'm sorry too, Shiiba-san.
Shuuji: I ended up absorbing all of the fragments you collected.
Tsumugi: O-Oh no, that's nothing! You're the one who's suffered most here.
Shuuji: I really feel a lot better now. You don't have to worry about me.
Tsumugi: Don't act like that!
Tsumugi: This whole ordeal has caused problems for Ayachi-san too.
Nene: It's still not your fault, Shiiba-san.
*Since some of the fragments that are now inside of me belonged to Ayachi-san, the ownership of them has become somewhat vague.*
*Apparently, we can't just nicely split them between the two girls.*
*Which means the whole lot has to be given to either Ayachi-san or Shiiba-san.*
*Akagi explained all that, half weeping from the amount of time she's spent prostrated on the floor.*
Nene: Please go ahead and collect them, Shiiba-san.
Tsumugi: I-I can't! I already stole the fragments you were meant to get from Kariya-san yesterday!
Nene: It's fine. I've already regained most of the fragments Hoshina-kun absorbed the first time around.
Nene: The two of you helped me retrieve those last fragments from Kariya-san too, so I'm okay with giving them up to you.
*Despite the situation she's in, Ayachi-san looks relieved.*
Shuuji: I'm sorry, Ayachi-san. I can't believe I let this happen again.
Nene: It's not your fault either, Hoshina-kun.
Nene: And at least we know now how dangerous it can be to allow someone to go around with a hole in their heart.
Tsumugi: ...Yeah, if we'd left you alone like that, Hoshina-kun, then things could have gotten really bad.
Tsumugi: Will you at least allow me to make it up to you?
Shuuji: You really don't have to.
Tsumugi: No, I insist. I'm going to help you close that hole in your heart no matter what you say.
Tsumugi: The Occult Club helps people out with their problems, right?
Nene: Yes. We don't currently have any active requests, so we have plenty of time to help you, Hoshina-kun.
Nene: I believe this would be far more constructive than us fighting over who owns the fragments inside you.
Tsumugi: Thank you, Ayachi-san.
Shuuji: B-But can we actually do that?
Shuuji: It's already been closing slowly just by participating in the club. Mending it more quickly won't be simple.
Tsumugi: It's the same as any problem we've tackled in the past.
Tsumugi: We'll see it through to the end, no matter how long it takes. I'm up to the challenge!
Shuuji: ...Shiiba-san.
*I feel warmth pouring into my chest.*
*Why are her words always so warm?*
Akagi: Kukuku. But that is a simple task, boy.
*...Conversely, this one's words are always strangely terrifying.*
Tsumugi: Akagi! Are you gonna help us?
Akagi: But of course. It's not like I haven't helped him yet because I can't.
Akagi: I only stole from the boy in the first place because I knew how easy it is to fill a heart.
Nene: That's a different story from what Nanao has said.
Akagi: Humph. Nanao doesn't know.
Akagi: This is a trivial matter.
Tsumugi: Is it?
*Shiiba-san seems doubtful.*
Nene: ...I have a bad feeling about this.
*Agreed.*
Shuuji: Well then, can you tell us what this plan of yours is?
Akagi: Of course! To mend a hole in a male heart...
Akagi: All he needs to do is mate with a female!
Tsumugi: "Mate"... Huh? Fweeeh?!
Akagi: Males are simple creatures.
Akagi: And fortunately for us, this boy here wishes to mate with Tsumugi!
Shuuji: Wh-Wh-Wh-Wha?! Why would you say that of all things?!
Tsumugi: Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Yesh! H-How could Hoshina-kun... Hyuuuh?!
Shuuji: Y-You're not believing her, are you?!
Akagi: Honestly, what are you getting so embarrassed for? You humans are strange creatures.
Tsumugi: H-How can you talk about this so calmly?! And how would that fill a hole in someone's heart, anyway?
Nene: I've never heard anything along those lines from Nanao.
Shuuji: It's strange how randomly you brought it up, too.
Akagi: Humph. That's because the only one who served to benefit from filling your hole was Nanao.
Akagi: But now Tsumugi's fragments depend on it. This is has become a most serious issue for me.
Shuuji: Yeah, but...
Akagi: All you have to do is mate with him, Tsumugi.
Akagi: Did you not say that you were up to the challenge? That you wanted to help fill his heart?
Tsumugi: A-Aww, I did... Hoshina-kun.
*Shiiba-san, with a burning red face, takes a step toward me.*
Shuuji: Yes? Sh-Shiiba-san, you're not...
Tsumugi: I did say that I wanted to help fill the hole in your heart.
Tsumugi: So... I'll do whatever it takes, okay?
Shuuji: A-Are you serious?
*I really should stop her.*
*But at the same time, I don't want to.*
Tsumugi: O-Okay, here we go, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: H-Huuuh?! Hold on...
Tsumugi: H-Hiyah!
*...Huh?*
Tsumugi: Well, I tried... How is it, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: ...Mmmrph?!
*I can't breathe!*
*I knew they were big, but the height difference between us prevented me getting the full picture until now.*
*As much as I'd love to stay like this, though, I'd rather not suffocate.*
*I frantically tap on her back.*
Tsumugi: D-Don't, Hoshina-kun. It's hard enough to hold back my embarrassment as it is, so please don't do anything.
*I'm really not concerned about your embarrassment here.*
Tsumugi: Just think of me as your mom. Doesn't that make it better?
*Look, I know you have a really mature body, but I can't freaking breathe!*
Tsumugi: There, there. Who's a good boy?
*I can't... Huh?*
Tsumugi: Hehehe, you're a good boy, Hoshina-kun. There, there.
*I start to relax as Shiiba-san strokes my head.*
*I'm shocked at how satisfied it makes me feel.*
*It's so good that I forget all about my inability to breathe.*
Tsumugi: Don't worry, I'm going to help fill up that hole in your heart.
*I never expected her to suddenly do something so lewd.*
*This is pretty damn bold. Does she realize that?*
*Her soft and warm bosom has my heart racing. Males truly are simple.*
*Who knew a girl's chest could be so relaxing?*
Tsumugi: Hehehe, now you look like a little child, even though you're so big.
Shuuji: ...D-Don't treat me like a kid.
*I can't just admit this feels good.*
Akagi: Ooh! I think some fragments returned to the bottle.
*Seriously?!*
Shuuji: Mgh?!
*Oh right, I just remembered that I can't breathe.*
Akagi: Not as many as you would've gotten if you had mated, but good job, Tsumugi!
Tsumugi: ......
Nene: This is so indecent, so indecent. I've known Hoshina-kun for several months now... but I'll never get over how indecent he is.
*Ayachi-san's eyes have gone dead cold.*
Nene: Was the reason his heart had been filling up before now because he... g-got excited by seeing me in my witch's outfit?
*I grab hold of Shiiba-san's shoulders and push us apart.*
*I should have done this from the start.*
Shuuji: H-Hold on! Could you not throw such baseless accusations at me?!
Shuuji: And Shiiba-san... Shiiba-san?
Tsumugi: ~~~......~~~~~!
*Shiiba-san's acting weird.*
*Wait, isn't this what happens before she vomits up that rainbow-colored stuff?!*
*I'm pretty sure she mentioned that even acting like a girl could set her off.*
Shuuji: Is this part of your witch's compensation?!
Tsumugi: I-I'm holding on... But move back, before you get―Mmrgl.
Akagi: That would be a disaster.
Shuuji: I don't care about that!
Tsumugi: ...Huh?
*The words spill from my mouth before I realize.*
*The main problem is that we can't have her vomiting in school!*
Shuuji: Is there any way to get over the urge?
Tsumugi: N-No... I'll throw up if I take a... single step. I won't even make it to the toilet. Uhnngh!
Akagi: No, there is a way.
Akagi: She ought to settle down if we make her even more boyish.
*There's no time to doubt her.*
*I go straight into trying it out, taking my blazer off and putting it around Shiiba-san.*
Tsumugi: Don't. I'll get your... uniform dirty! *burp*
Shuuji: Is it not working?
Tsumugi: W-Well... It does feel a little better.
Shuuji: Then keep wearing it.
*Great, it's working.*
*But it doesn't seem to be enough yet. She's still got a hand up against her mouth.*
Nene: Hoshina-kun, take that cloth and wrap it around her like a headband.
Shuuji: Right, that way she'll look like a male idol fan.
*I wrap the cloth around her head at once.*
Shuuji: So? Is that good enough?
Tsumugi: Ugh, ghh... It's gotten better, but... y-you need to step back, b-before I... Urrgh!
Shuuji: No! Look, there's... there's gotta be... Hm?
*I suddenly notice something inside my pants pocket.*
*Huh? What the hell am I doing with these?*
*Well, one thing's for sure. This isn't girly in the least.*
Tsumugi: *blech* I-I can't!
*Crap, there's no time to think! This better work!*
Akagi: ......
Nene: .........
*She now looks like a drunken old man who has had a few too many drinks and is about to throw up.*
*I feel kinda bad for doing this to her.*
Tsumugi: Urrrgh... Huh?
Shuuji: E-Errm... How is it?
Tsumugi: Ah... Yeah, I think I'm fine now...
Shuuji: Phew, that's great. Glad we settled that without you throwing up.
Tsumugi: Sorry, I was careless... I almost made a mess in the clubroom.
Shuuji: I was more worried about you, Shiiba-san.
Shuuji: I'm glad we got it sorted.
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun...?
Nene: ......
*Maybe I was acting a bit too desperate there? But they'll have to forgive me since everything worked out in the end.*
Akagi: Tsumugi, dear, wouldn't it be best to just give up and start wearing men's underwear?
Akagi: If you did, then you'd never run into issues like this.
Tsumugi: No way! I-I'm never, ever gonna wear a boy's underwear!
Shuuji: What's this about?
Tsumugi: Ah, right. My compensation thing kinda works on a points system.
Tsumugi: If I wore men's underwear, I could get away with wearing a skirt or something just fine.
Shuuji: Huh? Then wouldn't that be way easier?
Tsumugi: N-No way. Why are you saying this now too?
Shuuji: I mean, it's not like anyone would be able to tell.
Shuuji: You could get Inaba-san to help you look for a pair you'd like. At least then we wouldn't have to play this game of fashion chicken.
Tsumugi: Wh-What the heck is "fashion chicken"?
Tsumugi: And this is a really big deal for me, okay?
Tsumugi: Like, would you be okay if I told you that you had to wear a b-bra to school every day from tomorrow?
Shuuji: I'd rather die!!
*At the very least, I wouldn't be able to go to school like that.*
*And if my dad were to see me wearing one, I really might die.*
Tsumugi: You see how bad it is then?
Shuuji: Yup! That's a really big problem for a guy.
Shuuji: Just imagining it gives me the chills... Brrrr!
*I rub my arms as I feel a breeze blow past me.*
*The window's still open from back when we let Akagi in.*
Tsumugi: Ah, Hoshina-kun, I'm sorry for keeping your uniform.
Shuuji: No worries, but thanks for giving it back.
*I reach out a hand, but Shiiba-san attempts to put it on me herself.*
Tsumugi: Mmm, nnnn! Huh?
Shuuji: ...What are you doing, Shiiba-san?
Tsumugi: Y-You're too tall for me to reach.
Tsumugi: You need to crouch down a bit, o-or I won't be able to do this.
Shuuji: Ah, sorry. The way you were on your tiptoes trying to reach me was pretty cute, though.
Tsumugi: Here I am trying to show some gratitude, and you immediately start teasing me.
*There really doesn't seem to be a big enough height difference to prevent Shiiba-san from reaching my shoulders, so maybe she's just acting cute?*
*But if I were to mention how cute it is again, she'd probably start hitting me, so I'll refrain.*
Tsumugi: Okay, thank you, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Oh great. I feel nice and toasty again, Shiiba-s―
Tsumugi: Ah!
*Because I'm crouching down, our eyes lock at an equal level.*
*I've never gotten such a close look at her before, so I end up freezing in place.*
Shuuji: Th-Thanks.
Tsumugi: O-Oh no, thank you.
*Crap, what am I getting all embarrassed for?*
*To make matters worse, I start thinking how her chest felt. Why are us men so pathetic?*
*Or maybe it's just me that's pathetic?*
Tsumugi: It's all thanks to you that I didn't throw up.
Shuuji: Well, I couldn't have done it without Ayachi-san and Akagi's advice.
Nene: No, it's as Shiiba-san says.
Nene: I also think that perhaps it would be best to leave closing up the hole in your heart to Shiiba-san.
Akagi: Hoho, that way we won't have to worry about you snatching up the fragments at the end. How perfect.
Akagi: And I'll be able to get one over on Nanao, kukuku.
Tsumugi: Geez Akagi, are you still going on about that?
Tsumugi: And Ayachi-san, are you really okay with this?
Nene: I wouldn't be able to copy what you did.
Nene: But even if I did manage to hug Hoshina-kun like you did...
Nene: Regardless of how much it'd fill his heart, I wouldn't know how to feel about the ordeal.
Shuuji: A-Ahaha.
*I'm afraid of being deemed an utter pervert by Ayachi-san too.*
*Guess I shouldn't involve her any further, then.*
Nene: So, as leader of the Occult Club, I shall hand the case regarding Hoshina-kun's heart over to you, Shiiba-san.
Tsumugi: Okay. Hoshina-kun? We'll get to work on it starting tomorrow.
Shuuji: Looking forward to it, Shiiba-san.
*I leave the clubroom giddy with excitement and with a skip in my step.*
*I can't wait to see what tomorrow holds.*
================================================================================
Hideaki: I may have started this to get the ladies, but really, I just love drumming!
*Kaidou?*
Wakana: Playing with everyone was pretty fun... It was embarrassing to play up on stage, but I'm really glad I did it.
*And Kariya too... Now I get it.*
*This is the same as when I absorbed Ayachi-san's fragments.*
*Leaving no room for doubt, I begin hearing other voices belonging to people I don't know.*
*The experience prompts another dream...*
*Another dream about my past.*
*This memory is more like some piece of junk you've stuffed deep in a drawer somewhere and forgot about.*
*Just one of the many boring moments in my life.*
Shuuji: Ah, sorry.
Student: ......
*I believe this was several years ago.*
*I was walking down an aisle in my class when my bag bumped into something.*
*Pencils, pens, and erasers spilled onto the floor behind me.*
*It seems I had knocked a girl's pencil case off her desk.*
*I immediately crouched down and began picking things up.*
*But accompanying that was what felt like a burst of static inside my head―a clear indication of someone else's annoyance.*
*I almost thought I could hear the girl clicking her tongue at me. But instead...*
Student: It's fine. Don't worry about it! I'll pick it all up myself.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
*The girl was smiling.*
*Her brow was creased like she was bothered, but there was a gentle, friendly smile on her face.*
Student: Thanks. I appreciate the thought.
Shuuji: Ah, right... You do?
Student: You're so nice, Hoshina-kun. Hehehe.
*Maybe she didn't want any boys touching her stuff.*
*Her emotions were intensely unpleasant, but bafflingly, she looked at me with a smile on her face.*
*The disparity was a huge shock at the time. I had to wonder if that's how all girls are.*
*Man, why show me this dream? It's so cringeworthy.*
Guy A: Wow, Hoshina, you're so lucky, getting to talk to ○○-san right after getting to school.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Guy B: Man, ○○-san is so cute.
*Wow, I can't even remember her name in the dream.*
*Nor can I remember the names of these two guys, even though they sat near me in class.*
Guy B: Isn't it awesome how thoughtful she was for calling you kind?
Guy A: Last year, she got first place in our class's top waifu rankings.
Shuuji: Huh.
Guy A: You think so too, don'tcha, Hoshina?
Shuuji: ...Yeah.
Guy B: Man, she's got it all! I wanna make her mine.
Shuuji: ...Yeah.
*Joining in with conversations had become normal for me.*
*I had already gotten used to it by this point.*
*On the surface, at least.*
*I was perfectly okay only ever getting to know people on the surface level. I figured the only reason anyone liked anyone else was because they never knew each other's true thoughts.*
*"It's best just not to get too involved with anyone."*
*"I'm just trying to seek out painless relationships like everyone else."*
*"Girls are cute, but you can appreciate that just by looking at them."*
*"The only reason these boys want girlfriends so badly is because they don't know how they really are."*
*"They'd be disillusioned if they did."*
*Such nasty thoughts fill my head.*
Shuuji: ...Is this because the hole in my heart has been forced open?
*I'm not in as bad shape as yesterday, but I'm definitely feeling down.*
*Maybe I've been affected by Akagi's shenanigans more than I thought.*
*Actually, no. Before joining the OC, I would give up on everything before I even tried.*
*This negative outlook was my original state.*
Shuuji: It sucks feeling like this again.
*Yesterday, I actually felt positive about tackling my problem with Shiiba-san.*
*But now, the thought of doing something alone with a girl is filling me with a vague sense of anxiety.*
*Am I gonna get through this?*
*Just then, I spot Shiiba-san and Inaba-san.*
Meguru: What? Why not, Tsumugi-senpai?
Tsumugi: I just can't, sorry.
Meguru: I'm so sure about this, though. They may have been made for boys, but I think they still look cute on girls.
Meguru: I thought they'd be a great way for you to look girly.
Tsumugi: Really? You think I could look more girly by wearing accessories for boys?
Meguru: I do! You know how some male idols are real cute and feminine, right?
Meguru: Well, I saw some on TV last night, and that's what gave me the idea.
Tsumugi: Hmm... Yeah, I can see how that might work.
*Looks like Shiiba-san's still trying to get over her own problems.*
*She's been saying how she really wants to look more girly.*
Tsumugi: I'm sorry, Meguru-chan! I feel bad since you're going out of your way for me, but could you just give me some time to think it over?
Meguru: But why? I know they're for guys, but they're really cute.
Tsumugi: The thing is, I've been put in charge of a new case for the OC.
*...Huh?*
Meguru: You have? But... I don't remember anyone coming to see us.
Tsumugi: Well, they didn't really need to come and see us.
Nene: That's right. I decided to have Shiiba-san help Hoshina-kun with his worries.
Tsumugi: Ah, Ayachi-san!
Meguru: Wait, what? Senpai really has something worth worrying about?
*Oh, come on.*
Nene: Yes. It's something he can't talk to everyone about.
Meguru: ...But he told you two, right?
Tsumugi: I'm sorry. It's not that we don't trust you.
Tsumugi: But this is my responsibility, so I'd like to be able to focus on it for the time being.
*She's giving my problems priority over her own?*
Meguru: I don't really get it, but I don't think there's any changing your mind.
Meguru: Still... *sigh* I really thought these would look good on you.
Tsumugi: Haha, I'm not too sure about that...
*Despite the forced smile on Shiiba-san's face, I'm picking up on a mix of apologetic and disappointed emotions coming from her.*
*She's overcome with emotion inside but maintains a calm appearance.*
*When a girl smiles, she's not always smiling inside...*
Tsumugi: Ah, Hoshina-kun! Morning.
Shuuji: H-Hey. Morning.
*After spotting me, Shiiba-san splits away from everyone and jogs over to me.*
Tsumugi: How are you this morning? Have you been feeling okay since yesterday?
Shuuji: ...I'm fine.
Tsumugi: Great. Just because you absorbed the fragments, it doesn't mean the hole in your heart has closed.
Tsumugi: I'm kinda worried that something like yesterday will happen again... Huh?
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun, you don't look so good.
*She tiptoes up to peer into my face.*
Shuuji: I said I'm fine. There's nothing for you to worry about.
*She's so worried about me, yet I end up being blunt with her.*
Tsumugi: Ah, sorry. That's okay then... Anyway, are you ready to start today?
Shuuji: ......
Tsumugi: I thought we should start by deciding on a plan.
Shuuji: ......
Tsumugi: I'd like to talk it over later... Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: ...Are you sure you didn't want to do that with Inaba-san?
Tsumugi: Huh?
*I'm unable to hold my feelings back.*
Shuuji: You wanna look as cute as possible, don't you?
Tsumugi: Did you overhear us?
Shuuji: You have your own problems. You shouldn't be hanging around me, trying to solve mine.
Shuuji: You can't just put your life on hold to help―Ah... Sorry.
*The more I try to make excuses, the harsher my tone gets.*
*Why am I so irritable today?*
Shuuji: Sorry, I've been light-headed and anxious since yesterday. So I'm not in a great mood.
Shuuji: Could you just leave me alone for a... Shiiba-san?
*She suddenly grabs onto my blazer's sleeve.*
*And then she drags me over to Ayachi-san*
Tsumugi: Ayachi-san, would you mind if we borrowed the clubroom key?
Nene: Not at all. Here.
Shuuji: Hold on. We're going to the clubroom? Are we gonna make it back in time for homeroom?
Tsumugi: Your unstable emotions are proof that your heart has been worn down.
Tsumugi: You must still be affected by yesterday's events.
Shuuji: Yeah, but I can't ask you to do this.
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun! If you don't let me do this, I'm gonna get really mad!
*She tiptoes up and gives me the scariest scowl she can muster.*
*It's not that effective, visually, but it gets across how serious she is about this.*
Shuuji: ...Sorry.
Tsumugi: No, I'm sorry. Could you go ahead to the clubroom and wait for me?
Shuuji: Err, sure?
*We're not going together?*
Shuuji: ...I probably should've left my bag in the classroom.
*Well, I'm here. Where's Shiiba-san gone off to?*
*I've been waiting considerably longer than I expected to.*
Tsumugi: Sorry for the wait, Hoshina-kun.
*When Shiiba-san finally shows up, she's awkwardly covering her chest while trying not to draw attention to it at the same time.*
Shuuji: No, I'm the one wasting your time.
Shuuji: And I'm sorry for my behavior earlier.
Tsumugi: Don't worry about that. Could you come over here?
Shuuji: Sure.
Tsumugi: H-Here I go then. H-Hiyah!
Shuuji: Wah?! Sh-Shiiba-san?!
Tsumugi: Th-This helped heal your heart a little yesterday, so I thought it might help calm you down. How is it?
Shuuji: Just the same as yesterday... Oh, wait!
Shuuji: Isn't this gonna make you sick again?
Tsumugi: Don't worry. Remember what Akagi said?
Tsumugi: How much like a girl I can be basically boils down to a points system.
Shuuji: Yeah, but you're using up a lot of your points on your underwear... Wait, huh?
*Her chest doesn't feel like it did yesterday.*
*The softness is the same. But it feels a bit more... fleshy than before.*
Tsumugi: W-Well, I just changed my underwear.
Tsumugi: Please don't ask what I changed into.
*Sh-She's not wearing a bra?!*
*The different feeling is because of the missing piece of cloth!*
*Do you think she removed the bottom half too?*
*This is way too lewd for me.*
Tsumugi: There, there.
*She was so happy when she got to dress up as a she-devil for Halloween.*
*And she suffers so much because she has to dress like a guy.*
*Yet she rejected Inaba-san's offer of help so she could focus on my problem.*
*Even though she's risking getting sick again like yesterday.*
*And despite all that, I was being such a whiny bitch about this.*
Tsumugi: W-Well? Do you think it's filling your heart a bit?
Shuuji: ~~!
*Her soothing sends a tingle to the corners of my eyes.*
Tsumugi: Wah?! Hey, Hoshina-kun? Huh?
*I wrap my arms around her and bury my head as deep into her chest as I can.*
*I don't know or care what has happened to my unstable emotions.*
*I just know that I don't want her to see my tears.*
*But it seems like she noticed anyway.*
Tsumugi: Sheesh, you're hopeless.
*There's something different about Shiiba-san. Something other girls don't have.*
*Her smile is so genuine. I can feel nothing hiding behind it but pure warmth.*
*It's incredibly soothing.*
Tsumugi: There, there. Hehe... It's like I'm the mom here and you're my son, even though you're so much taller than me.
Shuuji: I barely remember my mom... So I dunno, maybe.
Tsumugi: Oh...
Shuuji: You're calming, though. Like I imagine a mother would be.
*Have I said too much? Maybe not. I don't sense any negative emotions coming from her.*
Tsumugi: Oh yeah? That's good.
Tsumugi: I'll be your mom for a while, then. There, there.
*I could never let anyone else see me like.*
*Yet, strangely, I don't want to budge.*
Shuuji: You're amazing, Shiiba-san... I wonder if this is what a real mom is like.
Tsumugi: Hehe, I don't know if I'd go that far.
Tsumugi: I mean, I don't think there are many moms who dress up as boys.
Shuuji: Your clothes have nothing to do with it.
Shuuji: You're still cute and really, really calming.
Tsumugi: Yeah, sure. What kind of son calls their mom cute? Either way, I'm not quite mature enough to be a mom yet.
Shuuji: Okay, then. It's not because you're like a mom.
Shuuji: I feel calm because you're just you.
Tsumugi: ......
Tsumugi: Feh... Fweeeh!
Shuuji: ...Shiiba-san?
Tsumugi: Nn! Nn! Nn!
*Shiiba-san repeatedly pounds my back.*
Shuuji: Oww! Ouch! Did I say something strange again?
Tsumugi: I can't believe how dense you are! We're so done here!
*I would have understood if she got mad from being called a mom, but I don't get why that made her mad.*
*Girls are such a mystery.*
*Being able to perceive their emotions has brought me no closer to understanding them.*
Shuuji: I'm sorry. But thank you for that.
Tsumugi: I mean, I know you are... As long as the hole in your heart has healed a bit, then I... Huh?
*Shiiba-san takes out her fragment bottle and looks at it curiously.*
Tsumugi: It doesn't look like many fragments came back.
Shuuji: No way! I feel so much better, though.
Tsumugi: Hmm...
Shuuji: I swear I'm telling the truth!
Tsumugi: Sorry. I don't doubt you.
Shuuji: But this totally makes it seem like I'm not grateful at all.
Shuuji: I don't get it. This worked great yesterday.
Tsumugi: Yeah, maybe that's the problem.
Shuuji: What do you mean?
Tsumugi: Maybe just repeating the same thing doesn't work very well?
Tsumugi: Like, the effect decreases as you get used to it.
Shuuji: I really don't feel like I've gotten used to it...
Shuuji: But yeah, maybe repeating the same action only heals the same part of me.
Tsumugi: Maybe. We'll have to keep that in mind as we make our future plans.
*So I won't get to bury my face in her chest anymore? Man...*
*Wait, what am I thinking?! Shiiba-san is trying to help me out of the kindness of her heart, here.*
*How could I let myself get such impure thoughts?*
*Though, it's hard to forget how Akagi told us to "mate."*
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun, is something wrong?
Shuuji: N-Nothing at all!
Tsumugi: Really? Well, we should probably get back before lessons start.
Tsumugi: We'll continue this after school.
Shuuji: Gotcha.
*This whole thing feels far too one-sided for my liking.*
*Is there nothing I can do for her in return, as both apology and thanks?*
Shuuji: Alrighty!
*As soon as lessons are over, I head over to Shiiba-san's desk.*
*For the record, we missed morning homeroom, but it seems Ayachi-san covered for us.*
Shuuji: Shiiba-san, can I have a moment?
Tsumugi: Yeah. We need to discuss our plans, right?
Shuuji: Yup. How about we pay the Schwarze Katze a visit?
*I've already received permission from our illustrious club president Ayachi-san to do so.*
Tsumugi: To Souma-san's place?
Shuuji: I can't think of a better place for us to talk in private.
Shuuji: There are people who don't know about witches in the OC, after all.
Tsumugi: Yeah, okay. Sounds good.
Tsumugi: I've been meaning to apologize to Souma-san again anyway.
Shuuji: You mean about Akagi?
Tsumugi: Yeah. For the whole thing with Ayachi-san's fragments.
Tsumugi: And also for how incredibly rude she was over the phone.
Shuuji: That's not really your responsibility though, is it?
Tsumugi: Yes it is!
Tsumugi: I'll graduate from being a witch one day, but Akagi has to be able to get along with other alps!
Shuuji: It's like you're her guardian or something.
*Shiiba-san seems really stubborn about this.*
*But that works in my favor right now.*
*I'm obviously not inviting her to the Schwarze Katze just so we can talk.*
Nanao: Oh, that? I don't mind.
*As soon as we enter the cafe, Shiiba-san makes her apology.*
*And just as I expected, Souma-san accepts it with a smile.*
Nanao: You two are the ones who have suffered most out of all this.
Tsumugi: Thank you for being so forgiving.
Nanao: Well, this is a cafe. So if you still feel bad...
Nanao: You could order some dessert or something. I recommend the parfaits.
Shuuji: Sure. We'll take two. That good with you, Shiiba-san?
*I accept Souma-san's offer as soon as possible*
*Everything is going just as I want.*
Tsumugi: O-Okay then.
Tsumugi: I'll, errm... I'll take the orange parfait.
Shuuji: I'll take a blueberry one.
Nanao: Two parfaits, coming right up.
*Souma-san heads behind the counter.*
Shuuji: By the way, this'll be my treat.
Tsumugi: Huh?! Fweeeh, you can't! I'll pay for myself.
Tsumugi: If I knew you were gonna do that, I would have picked something cheaper.
Shuuji: I knew you would, which is why I waited to tell you.
Shuuji: I was planning on treating you from the start.
Tsumugi: You were? But why?
Shuuji: Well, you're gonna be helping me out a lot lately.
Shuuji: I just wanted to show my thanks for all the trouble you've been going through for me lately.
Tsumugi: I've been putting you through so much more, though.
Tsumugi: And I'm doing this because I want to, so I really will pay for myself.
Shuuji: Shiiba-san, you're trying to fill the hole in my heart, aren't you?
Tsumugi: Huh? Yeah, that's why I'm here.
Shuuji: Right. And the best way to do that is to encourage me to do what I truly wish to do without giving up partway through.
Shuuji: And right now, I want to treat you to a parfait.
Tsumugi: ...You can be so pushy sometimes, Hoshina-kun.
Tsumugi: And that argument is really stretching things.
Shuuji: Is that a no?
Tsumugi: It's not a no... But are you sure?
Shuuji: Absolutely. This way I won't feel so bad about getting help from you.
Tsumugi: ...Yeah? But...
Tsumugi: Hehehe, you're a strange one, Hoshina-kun. I don't think most people would push this hard to treat someone.
Shuuji: Is this really that strange?
Tsumugi: Yup, definitely. Ehehe.
Shuuji: Hahaha, that's harsh.
*Though, now that she mentions it, maybe it's not good to pressure someone into accepting your treat like this.*
*I can tell she doesn't mind too badly, but it's worth thinking about.*
Nanao: From my experience as the owner here, I can say it's not all that strange.
Shuuji: S-Souma-san! You heard all that?
Nanao: I have great hearing. Sorry for the wait. Here you are.
Tsumugi: Wow! This is super cute!
*No girl can resist the allure of a good parfait, and Shiiba-san is no exception.*
Nanao: I recommended them for a reason. They taste even better than they look.
Tsumugi: I can't wait. Oh, but... is it really not that strange?
Nanao: It's not. I've noticed it as a difference between male animals and male humans.
Nanao: Men tend to become looser with their money around certain women.
Nanao: I believe it to be part of the human courting ritual.
Tsumugi: Courting ritual...? Fweh, fweeeeh?!
Shuuji: H-Hey, Souma-san! I'm doing this to thank her!
*Both Shiiba-san and I both blush fiercely.*
Nanao: Oh, was I wrong? Well anyway, eat up before they melt.
*However, Souma-san remains indifferent as she leaves.*
*This has served as a stark reminder that she's an alp.*
Tsumugi: ~~~!
Shuuji: Shiiba-san? E-Errm... You really should eat it before it melts, you know?
*I avoid looking her in the eye as I talk.*
*I've become overly self-conscious after Souma-san's nonsense.*
Shuuji: I'm not trying to reach your heart through your stomach. I promise.
Tsumugi: ...Through my stomach?
Shuuji: Oh, that was just a figure of speech. I couldn't think of another way of phrasing it.
Tsumugi: Hehe, I get what you mean. You're happy being with anyone as long as they're a girl.
Shuuji: I-I am?
*Shiiba-san returns to her senses and picks up her spoon.*
*But for some reason, I can sense a dejected feeling coming from her.*
Tsumugi: Ah!
Shuuji: What is it?
Tsumugi: W-Well, I know I'm late in noticing this, but... parfaits are really cute, right?
Tsumugi: They're kinda girly, so I was a bit worried... But I think I'll be fine.
*Shiiba-san really has to worry about every little thing, doesn't she?*
*The seriousness of her price is really hitting home.*
*I dig my spoon into my own parfait and scoop up a massive spoonful.*
Shuuji: Don't worry, guys like parfaits just as much as girls.
Shuuji: Ahh, this is great!
Tsumugi: Geez, why is everything you do so exaggerated? *munch*
*Shiiba-san takes her spoon up to her mouth.*
*But she doesn't give her impressions straight away. Instead, she takes another mouthful before her mouth melts into a smile.*
Tsumugi: Soooooo tasty♪
*Even Souma-san, who's sitting behind the counter reading a newspaper, smiles upon hearing this.*
Shuuji: Hahaha, you like it that much?
Tsumugi: Yeah! The orange sauce is really sour, but the ice cream is so sweet. The taste when they mix together is the best!
Shuuji: Yeah? This blueberry one's pretty good, but yours sounds great.
Tsumugi: It is! You should have a bite. It's so great!
Shuuji: ...Wanna have a spoonful of mine in return, then?
Tsumugi: Sure! I'd like to give the blueberry one a shot.
*Shiiba-san's smile is beaming.*
*But the truth is, this suggestion requires a lot of courage.*
*I wouldn't have been able to do it when I came here with Togakushi-senpai.*
Tsumugi: Wow, this is one is super tasty too♪ Maybe a more manly flavor, though.
Shuuji: Man, this orange parfait is just as good! I wonder why you don't see more citrus parfaits. More places should have them.
Tsumugi: The fresh cream with the lemon drizzle reminds you of cream cheese, doesn't it?
Tsumugi: Maybe the reason more places don't make these is that it's so hard to make. It must take a lot of effort to get right.
Shuuji: I have no idea. I've never tried making this stuff before.
Tsumugi: I've never made parfaits before either, but this is so good. Maybe I'll give it a shot.
Tsumugi: Hehehe, nothing puts a smile on my face more than eating dessert.
*Shiiba-san does indeed look delighted as she digs in.*
*...This is great.*
*Looking at her face, I truly believe I made the right choice by inviting her here.*
Tsumugi: Huh?
*Shiiba-san suddenly reaches into her pocket.*
Shuuji: Your phone buzzing?
Tsumugi: No, it's my fragment bottle... Some of the fragments have returned!
Shuuji: Huh? Does that mean my heart's been filled some more?
Tsumugi: Maybe it was 'cause the parfait was so good?
Shuuji: No, that can't be it...
*I lock eyes with Shiiba-san.*
*And my heart starts pounding heavily.*
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun? Is something wrong?
Shuuji: Oh, no... It's nothing.
*I raise a hand to my chest in a vain attempt to quell my racing heart.*
*The bottle filled some when I looked at the smile on Shiiba-san's face.*
*Maybe it was a feeling of satisfaction? But could that really be it?*
*Was that really enough to fill my heart?*
Tsumugi: Why do you the hole in your heart closed some? I know it's a good thing, but I'm just curious.
Shuuji: Wh-Who can say...
*Shiiba-san continues to eat her parfait. Captivated, I continue to eat my own too.*
*But I start to get a vague sense of understanding.*
*I've never felt like this before, and it was so spontaneous that I didn't even realize it until now.*
*I might...*
Shuuji: Wuh-oh.
*I stop my spoon right as I'm about to dig back into my parfait.*
*I was centimeters away from coming into contact with the area Shiiba-san ate from.*
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: O-Oh, I was just thinking about how it'll be hard to come up with a plan of action since we don't know how my heart is being filled.
*While I speak I move my spoon slightly to the side.*
*Now that I look, I see that Shiiba-san's been avoiding the place I ate from as she continues to enjoy her parfait.*
Tsumugi: Yeah. But the good news is that it might be easier than we expected.
Shuuji: Yeah.
*Perhaps the hole in my heart was created because I'd given up.*
*And by that, I mean... perhaps it's because I had given up on ever finding love?*
*Now that I think of it, I gave up on that because of my power, hadn't I?*
*If so...*
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun, if you keep worrying so much, your parfait is gonna melt.
Shuuji: O-Oh... Hm?
*While I was pondering, I've run out of places to put my spoon into my parfait. Other than where Shiiba-san put hers, that is.*
*Man, I'm worrying about this way too much.*
*Shiiba-san's acting perfectly normal! Get a hold of yourself man!*
Tsumugi: E-Errm... ~~~!
*Oh, never mind. Shiiba-san seems to be worrying about where to put her spoon too.*
Shuuji: Oh, what's this? Are you worried about eating from where I ate from?
*For some reason, this is so relieving that I manage to crack a joke.*
*At this point, Shiiba-san goes completely red from the neck-up.*
*She's so cute...*
Tsumugi: B-But you've been doing the same thing!
Shuuji: You noticed?
Tsumugi: I-I just thought it was good manners to avoid it.
Shuuji: But it's not like it'd be a big deal to have an indirect k-k-k-kiss...
**pssssh* The embarrassment is so bad that I can almost feel steam rising from my head.*
Shuuji: I-I-It's totally fine, y'know?
Tsumugi: Y-You don't sound fine at all! You're just making things worse for me too!
*I hear a noise behind me. I turn around to see what's going on.*
*Souma-san is holding up her newspaper to cover her face.*
*She's acting like she doesn't know what's going on here, but she totally does.*
Tsumugi: Hmm... I-Isn't this a perfectly normal thing for friends to do?
Shuuji: Y-Yeah. Exchanging bites is totally normal.
*My chest tightens a little at the word "friends," but I manage to reply.*
Tsumugi: Yeah, and I'm like the mom here, so it's nothing worth making a fuss about.
Shuuji: I'm not sure how that's relevant... A-Are you really gonna eat it?
Tsumugi: Of course. It would be rude to leave any.
*Shiiba-san's gotten really serious about this for some reason.*
*She digs her spoon right into her parfait.*
Shuuji: A-Ahh...!
Tsumugi: Y-You're making this harder by making weird sounds like that.
*Yeah, this is nothing. Just an indirect kiss... *
Tsumugi: *munch*!
Shuuji: Ah!
*She ate it?!*
*Am I the only the only one who thinks this is a big deal?!*
*I guess that means she really does only see us as friends...*
Tsumugi: Nnn... Nnnn!
*Shiiba-san's face now goes pink.*
*Then it goes scarlet, then florid red, darkening by the second.*
Shuuji: Hey, Shiiba-san, are you―
Tsumugi: GUH!!
*Is that actual steam rising from her head, or just my ability making it seem so?*
Shuuji: Hey, are you okay?
Tsumugi: ......!
*Shiiba-san suddenly reaches out and starts stealing from my parfait.*
Shuuji: Ah, what are you doing?! Now wherever I eat from, it's gonna be an i-i-indirect―
Tsumugi: Th-This is all your fault!
*Shiiba-san shoots me a resentful glare as she stuffs her cheeks with my blueberry parfait.*
Tsumugi: Because of you, I-I couldn't taste it at allll!
*With that cutting remark, she runs off to the toilet.*
Shuuji: Shiiba-san! Wait, did she get sick from that?
*Though, even if she did, I can't exactly follow her into the bathroom.*
*As I'm panicking to myself, Souma-san lowers her newspaper and calls out to me.*
Nanao: Hoshina-kun, I would prefer it if you eat your parfait before the ice cream melts.
Shuuji: Huh? Oh, um... Shiiba-san kinda had her way with my dessert...
Shuuji: There's nowhere to put my spoon without it, errm... becoming an i-indirect kiss.
Nanao: Hmm, I really don't understand human feelings.
Nanao: But if you do the same thing she did, you might understand how she feels.
Shuuji: ...How she feels?
Nanao: Shiiba-san has already gone through with your strange indirect exchanging of saliva. There's nothing to worry about.
*That's a weird way of putting it.*
*But maybe she has a point.*
*I ignore the pounding of my heart and pick up my spoon.*
*Relax, Shuuji. This is no big deal.*
*It's not like Shiiba-san put her mouth on my parfait. It was just the spoon she was using.*
*If this much worries me, then I'll never be able to share a meal with a girl, ever.*
*The ice cream on my spoon glistens under the soft cafe lights.*
*It feels slightly romantic. Man, I'm really overthinking things.*
Shuuji: *munch*!
*Ah...*
*Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh!*
*I get the sudden urge to run over to the window and shout at the sky.*
*If there was no one around, I probably would do exactly that.*
*It was only an indirect kiss... So why does it have me feeling like this? Man, I can see why alps have such a hard time understanding us humans.*
*I'm just barely able to control the urge to pound on the table.*
Shuuji: What the?! Th-That wasn't me... Who was it?
*Did that just come from the bathroom? It sounded like someone hitting the wall or something.*
*Could it have been Shiiba-san?*
Shuuji: No way... Does she actually feel the same way I do?
Nanao: Who knows. I don't understand the first thing about human emotions.
*Despite what she says, she seems to be enjoying herself.*
Tsumugi: S-Sorry for the wait.
Shuuji: It's all good. Did you hear that noise just second ago?
Tsumugi: Huh? Wh-What noise? I didn't hear anything.
Shuuji: O-Oh.
Tsumugi: ......
Shuuji: ......
*We're now both sitting down at the table again but are unable to look each other in the eye.*
*Gaaah! I'm so hot that it feels like steam is gonna come pouring out of my head at any moment now.*
*Geez. My mind has gone completely blank. I can't even say anything.*
*It makes me wonder how I ever managed to talk with her before.*
Tsumugi: ...You ate it too, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Huh?
Tsumugi: The parfait.
Shuuji: Y-Yeah, I guess I did.
*Not knowing what to do, I fumble with my spoon.*
Tsumugi: ...So you're fine with it.
Shuuji: I-I wouldn't have been able to eat it all if I weren't.
Tsumugi: Yeah, I thought you'd be fine with it.
*I'm not fine at all. I'm clearly just pretending to be.*
*I'd feel weird admitting it, and I'd like to maintain at least some amount of dignity.*
*Souma-san probably finds us humans pathetic in this regard.*
Nanao: I'd appreciate it if you could eat your parfaits before they melt.
Tsumugi: Y-Yeah, you're right.
Shuuji: Yeah, we don't want to let them go to waste.
*We force ourselves to take another bite.*
Shuuji: ~~~~~!
Tsumugi: ~~~~~~~~!
*Desperately holding back the feelings writhing within me, I continue to pretend to be okay.*
*For some reason, Shiiba-san is rocking back and forth, but I don't have the composure to pick up on how she's feeling.*
*More than anything else, I don't want Shiiba-san to know how I feel right now.*
*I don't want her to think I'm weird.*
*That's all there is to it.*
================================================================================
Shuuji: *yawn*
*I sluggishly carry breakfast over to the kitchen table.*
Taichi: You okay, Shuuji? Mornings seem rough for you lately.
Shuuji: Yeah. I haven't been getting much sleep.
Taichi: Burning the midnight oil, huh? I know how fun that can be.
Taichi: Why, when I was your age―
Shuuji: I haven't been staying up late.
*Whenever I close my eyes, all I see is Shiiba-san's smiling face.*
*Her affectionate, motherly smile from when she hugged me, and her delighted smile from when we ate parfaits.*
*Thanks to that, I've been having a hard time sleeping.*
*Even now, just thinking about her is enough to get my heart racing.*
Shuuji: Nh...
Taichi: Shuuji? What's gotten into you? You haven't touched your breakfast.
Shuuji: Hm? Oh, it's nothing.
*I bring some salad up to my mouth.*
*But I put it back down without eating it.*
Taichi: What, aren't you hungry?
Shuuji: Sorry. I just don't have an appetite.
Shuuji: It's weird. I'm not sick or anything.
Taichi: You know, nothing beats some good old cup noodles every now and again.
Taichi: Sometimes you just get in the mood for a microwave meal!
*Now my dad puts down his chopsticks as well.*
Shuuji: Didn't you want to eat cabbage rolls?
*I never did make those, did I?*
*But Dad hasn't complained at all. He never does.*
Taichi: They sell pre-cooked cabbage rolls at the supermarket now.
Taichi: Sometimes you just need to take a break and let the microwave do all the work for you.
Shuuji: Are you worried about me?
*Just the other day he was worried when he noticed my dead-fish eyes returned.*
*I really don't want to explain what's going on to him, though.*
Taichi: You look really tired to me.
Shuuji: I'm not.
Taichi: Look, I know how hard you've been working lately. But today's a Friday.
Taichi: And sometimes you have to treat yourself and take a three-day weekend.
Shuuji: That's not a very fatherly thing to say.
*And if I take today off, I won't get to see Shiiba-san for three days!*
Shuuji: A-Anyway, I'm fine! Stop making such a fuss. I just haven't been getting enough sleep.
Taichi: ...Is that all?
Shuuji: Yeah, it is. I even got my appetite back. See?
*I lift my bowl and start shoveling rice into my mouth.*
*I'll get to see Shiiba-san if I go to school.*
*That thought alone is enough to make me eat. Hell, it even makes me enjoy the food.*
*Men are such simple creatures...*
*I'm reminded of Akagi saying that. There's no way I could deny that now.*
*I finally make it to school.*
*On the way, however, my feet had grown heavy.*
*I've gotten kinda nervous.*
Shuuji: Now that I think about it, it was kinda awkward when we said goodbye yesterday...
*I didn't bore her, did I? Or make her hate me?*
*What would Shiiba-san think if I act like I did yesterday?*
*No, everything will be fine.*
*Shiiba-san is a kind girl.*
*Her kindness is why she's stuck with me this far.*
*We only have a vague idea on how to fill my heart, but...*
*She's still here helping me because she's so kind.*
*These thoughts help me calm down.*
*But I'm also worried about something else...*
*I can tell what people are feeling, but I have no idea what they're thinking.*
*Having that kind of incomplete picture would frustrate anyone, wouldn't it?*
Shuuji: Ah...!
*I happen to run into Shiiba-san in the corridor.*
*My heart almost bursts out of my chest.*
Tsumugi: Morning, Hoshina-kun!
Shuuji: M-Morning, Shiiba-san!
*I greet her out of reflex.*
*Fortunately, she seems no different from normal.*
*I can actually feel some joy coming from her. Like she's simply happy to see me.*
Tsumugi: I'll speak to you later, okay?
Shuuji: Sure.
*It was a fleeting meeting, ended by her leaving for the bathroom.*
*Shiiba-san doesn't seem to be worried about anything at all.*
*I guess that whole parfait thing was nothing for her.*
Hideaki: Oh, Shuuji! Just got here, huh?
Wakana: Listen to this, Hoshina. This guy's decided to quit playing the drums already.
Shuuji: Makes sense to me. The party's over now.
Wakana: Don't you think this guy's interests come and go way too quickly?
Hideaki: Drumming on my own freaking sucks!
Hideaki: But if a certain someone wanted to play with me, I'd change my mind.
Wakana: Not a chance.
Hideaki: That's a bit harsh, isn't it?
Shuuji: You're such a masochist that I'm sure you like it harsh.
Wakana: Ahahaha! You said it, Hoshina.
*The three of us laugh together. Kaidou included, even though we're teasing him.*
*I have no problem joking around with my friends.*
*But when I talked to Shiiba-san, I struggled to get out a simple "good morning."*
Tsumugi: ......
Shuuji: Huh?
*I suddenly notice Shiiba-san standing there, looking over at us.*
*But the moment we lock eyes, she disappears around a corner.*
Hideaki: Hm? What's up?
Shuuji: Nothing important.
*I quickly turn back to my friends.*
*Was Shiiba-san looking at me? I mean, even if she was, it was probably just 'cause we were laughing so loudly.*
*Though, a part of me is starting to get my hopes up.*
*I'm sure I'm overthinking it.*
Tsumugi: Nh!
Shuuji: ......
*Even though I know that, I find myself regularly locking eyes with her during class.*
*Each time we do, we turn away in a panic.*
*I'll then timidly look back at Shiiba-san only to find her doing the same, resulting in our eyes meeting again.*
Tsumugi: ~~!
*Currently, we're pretending to look at the blackboard.*
*There are too many people in the classroom for me to tell how Shiiba-san is feeling.*
*This is probably only happening because I keep looking at her.*
*I'm sure she's just wondering what the hell my deal is and keeps looking back.*
*But no matter how much I tell myself this, I can't stop glancing at her.*
Tsumugi: ~~!
*I'm filled with happiness if she even so much as enters the corner of my vision.*
*Tsumugi...*
*I want to try calling out to her... This is the middle of class; what the hell am I thinking? Something's seriously wrong with me.*
*I've never felt like this before, so I'm at a loss for what to do.*
*What if we weren't in the same club and she hadn't agreed to help me with my problem?*
*I might have graduated without ever asking a girl out.*
*Man, how do so many guys do this? Is the issue here that I'm just too shy?*
*It's lunchtime, and I'm in the empty courtyard.*
*I wouldn't have known what to do if I ran into Shiiba-san at the clubroom or classroom, so I came here instead.*
*...Even though she darted out of class as soon as lunch started.*
Hideaki: Oh, it's nice out today. Sure beats the last time we were out here.
*I dragged Kaidou along with me, though I feel bad about it.*
*Thank goodness the weather is warm.*
Shuuji: It's as empty as always.
Hideaki: Haha, feels kinda weird with just us two guys being here.
*Kaidou starts eating his lunch.*
*I go to do the same, but I end up putting my sandwich down instead.*
Hideaki: Not gonna eat that?
Shuuji: Nah. I'm not feeling hungry.
Hideaki: For real? Can I buy it off you?
Shuuji: You want them?
Hideaki: I'm so hungry I could eat a horse. Wait, you're not gonna eat any?
*He frowns as I attempt to hand him all three of my sandwiches.*
Hideaki: You gotta eat at least one, or else you ain't gonna make it through class.
Hideaki: Y'know, you haven't been looking too good these past few days. You catch a cold or something?
Shuuji: No...
Shuuji: Heh, maybe I'm lovesick.
*I say how I really feel, but try to pass it off as a joke.*
*I just can't bring myself to lie to anyone.*
*Kaidou just looks at me for a moment before speaking in an almost disinterested tone.*
Hideaki: Oh, that's the problem?
Shuuji: Huh? You're not surprised? I was kinda hoping for a laugh there.
Shuuji: This is so embarrassing!
Hideaki: Nah, I figured this would happen eventually.
Hideaki: I am surprised it's taken so long though, what with you being in a club full of hot girls.
Shuuji: Oh yeah, I remember you saying something like that before.
Hideaki: You find this hard to talk about and don't exactly want people to take you seriously.
Hideaki: That's why you said that as a joke, right?
*Right. What is this guy, a psychic?!*
Hideaki: Well, I know how you feel.
Shuuji: Huh...? Oh yeah! There's a girl you like too!
Hideaki: Hey, isn't the whole reason you came to me with this because you remembered that?
Shuuji: S-Sorry, I hadn't forgotten.
Shuuji: But I thought you were the best person for me to talk to, regardless of that.
Hideaki: Geh, gross.
Shuuji: ...You're not gonna let me talk about this, then?
Hideaki: No, I will. It's just that, until now, you were such a loner that I never thought you'd talk about this stuff.
Hideaki: I'm surprised you brought this subject up, even as a joke.
Shuuji: Yeah, I get you.
Hideaki: I'm not gonna ask who the girl is.
Hideaki: If you were more confident, you could just bring it up in conversation and brush it off as a joke if you got rejected.
Hideaki: But you probably don't want word to spread about you being rejected, right?
Shuuji: Ugh, yeah... I don't even want to think about being rejected.
Hideaki: I get you. I'm the same.
Shuuji: Bullshit!
Hideaki: Do you want me to keep talking to you?
Shuuji: Sorry, just surprised... Though, I guess you never even told me your girl's name.
Hideaki: Nope. I realized I have pretty much no chance.
Hideaki: It can be real tiring to like someone when you know you have no chance.
Shuuji: Yeah, I can imagine...
Hideaki: Plus, some girls love the fact that a guy likes them, even if they have no interest in that guy at all.
Hideaki: So they'll pretend to act like they're interested, just to keep getting attention.
Shuuji: Hmm... That sounds like hell.
Shuuji: But this girl isn't like that at all.
Hideaki: Oh yeah?
Shuuji: Wh-What?
Hideaki: You really do like this girl, huh?
Shuuji: ...Th-That a problem?
Hideaki: Nah, it's a good thing. Really.
Hideaki: So, you gonna ask her out?
Shuuji: I haven't thought about that yet. Honestly, it's hard enough just saying hi to her.
Hideaki: I see.
*Kaidou takes a bite of his sandwich.*
Shuuji: I was able to talk to her fine until yesterday, but now I'm worried about things getting awkward, so I just can't do it.
Hideaki: Really, dude?
Hideaki: I know you're not absolutely desperate for a girlfriend, right?
Shuuji: Err, no... I'm not.
Hideaki: So maybe you should just ask her out as a joke, like how I said earlier.
Shuuji: No way! She hates guys like that.
Hideaki: Look man, the way you ask a girl out doesn't matter in the end.
Hideaki: All that matters is finding out if she feels the same way as you.
Shuuji: But I haven't built up the courage yet.
Hideaki: You don't even have the confidence to talk to this girl? Even though you say you were just fine until yesterday?
Hideaki: Then the more time you let pass, the less she might think of you.
Shuuji: Ugh, give me a break... I'm already worrying about that.
Hideaki: Speaking from experience, I can say that the easiest time to ask someone out is before you fall too hard for them.
Hideaki: So you need to just say it, even if you have to do it jokingly.
Shuuji: I don't know...
Hideaki: Shuuji.
Hideaki: Even if you get rejected by this girl, you still have your friends. It's gonna be fine. So just go out there and ask her out.
Shuuji: Kaidou...?
Hideaki: You need to stop thinking about this so hard. Dating's meant to be fun, you know?
Hideaki: So just relax and take it easy. This doesn't have to be so heavy.
*I slowly digest the point Kaidou's trying to get across.*
*I'm sure he's right. Thinking about this too much is just making this harder.*
Shuuji: Thanks, Kaidou. I feel a lot better now.
Shuuji: I'll think about asking her out... Or at least, when a good time would be.
Shuuji: You think that's good enough for now?
Hideaki: Yeah. I'll keep my fingers crossed for you. Don't forget to eat properly in the meantime.
Shuuji: ...I won't.
*First Dad, and now Kaidou, huh?*
*First things first, I gotta talk to her.*
*I'll just call out to her casually like it's no big deal. I mean, we were able to chat just fine until recently.*
*I ponder my approach until school lets out.*
*I still haven't said a word to Shiiba-san since this morning.*
Shuuji: I-I'll be fine. It's just another day at the club...
*I take some deep breaths in front of the clubroom.*
*I try my best not to think about how weird it is for me to come separate from my classmates.*
*Alright.*
Nene: Huh, this many fragments returned in such a short span of time?
Tsumugi: I'm surprised too... Ah!
*Despite all my self-motivation, I still opened the door slowly, which resulted in them not noticing me at first.*
*Ayachi-san and Shiiba-san are already inside the clubroom.*
*At least Shiiba-san and I won't have to wait for the others by ourselves.*
Nene: Hoshina-kun, great timing.
Tsumugi: I-I was reporting what happened yesterday to Ayachi-san.
Shuuji: O-Oh, good.
*The way she's looking at the floor instead of at me is worrying, but at least we're talking somewhat normally.*
Shuuji: It's all thanks to you, Shiiba-san.
Tsumugi: Oh no, I-I didn't do anything.
Tsumugi: At least half of it was y-your own doing, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: You don't have to be modest. Y-You got good results.
*Shiiba-san is blushing in embarrassment.*
*She's probably in a similar state to me. Neither one of us is able to look the other in the eye.*
*Just being near her is enough to fluster me.*
Nene: Umm, I'm curious as to how you've filled in the hole in his heart... Did you two, by any chance, umm...
Nene: Y-You didn't actually "mate," did you?
Tsumugi: F-Fweeeeh! Wh-Wh-Why would you say that, Ayachi-san?!
Shuuji: Y-Yeah! Y-You sound like Akagi!
Nene: It's just the two of you seem different, so I thought something might have happened.
Shuuji: W-Well...
*I glance over at Shiiba-san, who is doing the same with me.*
Tsumugi: Sorry, I just had a bit of an awkward moment, and that awkwardness spread over to Hoshina-kun. Right?
Shuuji: Huh? I thought I was the one spreading it to you.
Tsumugi: Fweeeh? Y-You did?!
Nene: In any case, I take it your strange behavior has nothing to do with to the hole in his heart?
Tsumugi: P-Probably not... Actually, I'm not really sure why things have been going so well.
Tsumugi: All we did yesterday was eat parfaits together, then the fragments started coming back.
Nene: You had parfaits together?
Shuuji: Ah, right! We went to the cafe in order to come up with a plan, but we ended up barely getting anywhere with that.
Tsumugi: Yeah, that's been bothering me too.
Tsumugi: And for some reason, I hesitated to speak to you this morning...
Shuuji: ...You too?
Tsumugi: Huh?
Shuuji: Oh, nothing.
*Wait... Has she been thinking of me too?*
*I'm not getting my hopes up over nothing, am I?*
Nene: I see. You've already...
Tsumugi: Ayachi-san, did you say something?
Nene: No. Anyway, I believe it'd be best to continue this topic elsewhere.
Nene: Inaba-san and Togakushi-senpai will probably be here before long.
Shuuji: Yeah, you're right.
Tsumugi: Th-Then... th-the two of us will handle things ourselves.
*I'm so happy.*
*Too bad I'm still too embarrassed to show it. And also to look her in the eye.*
*I just feel lucky to have the chance to be alone together.*
*I'm almost grateful for the hole in my heart, and also to Akagi for reopening it.*
Meguru: Huh? Where are you two going?
Touko: Oh dear. I finally got a chance to visit, and you're leaving already?
*We run into Inaba-san and Togakushi-senpai as we're leaving.*
Shuuji: Do you need us for something?
Touko: Oh, didn't I tell you before? I love getting in the way of my underclassmen's club activities.
Shuuji: Weren't you talking about the student council, then?
Touko: I'm a former member of the OC too. Is that a problem?
Tsumugi: Nh?!
*Togakushi-senpai is acting as normal, which means she's getting up close and personal and gazing at me with upturned eyes, making it seem like she's flirting.*
*Worried that her massive boobs will touch me, I lean away from her some.*
Shuuji: W-Well...
Tsumugi: H-Hoshina-kun!
*Shiiba-san suddenly grabs my sleeve and drags me away.*
Tsumugi: We have to hurry, or we won't have time to talk again.
Touko: Oh my. Was I getting in the way?
Tsumugi: I-I'm sorry. It's just that I have to do Hoshina-kun's consultation now.
Meguru: Is this the thing you talked about yesterday?
Shuuji: Sorry, I might not be able to be in the clubroom much.
Meguru: That's okay. You seemed off a few days ago, Senpai.
Shuuji: Huh, you could tell?
Meguru: Tsumugi-senpai said hello to you, and then you started getting all sulky.
Meguru: I was shocked because I've never seen you like that before. I couldn't bring myself to say anything.
Shuuji: Ugh, it was that bad?
Meguru: You should be grateful to Tsumugi-senpai, you know? It's incredible how well she treated you.
Tsumugi: Haha, that's because I knew I was the cause.
Touko: Hmm, so Inaba-san couldn't even talk to Hoshina-kun when he was like that, but you were totally fine?
Touko: Mufufu, I get the feeling something exciting is about to happen.
Tsumugi: Fweeeeh! Wh-What do you mean by that?
Touko: Nothing bad, I assure you. You have my support. And Inaba-san's too, right?
Meguru: Hmm, I feel like she'll be wasted on Senpai, but I am her friend, so of course!
Tsumugi: M-Meguru-chan! N-N-Not you too...
Shuuji: C-Come on, you two. You're embarrassing her.
*Now it's my turn to pull Shiiba-san by the sleeve and rescue her.*
Meguru: Wow, since when was Senpai so chivalrous?!
Touko: It seems like we're third wheels here.
Shuuji: I'm telling you, it's not like that.
Touko: Hehehe, if you say so.
Shuuji: H-Hey!
*The two of them disappear into the clubroom.*
*An awkward atmosphere is left hanging over me and Shiiba-san.*
Tsumugi: E-Errm, I'm sorry, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: No, I'm sorry. You shouldn't have to go through all this just because you're helping me.
Tsumugi: It doesn't bother me. Does it bother you?
Shuuji: No way! Not in the slightest...
*Our eyes meet.*
*But this time, we both smile. We can't help but laugh at how ridiculous we're both apologizing to each other and denying any inconvenience.*
Tsumugi: Hehe, we're being so silly. Come on, let's get going.
Shuuji: Haha, yeah.
Tsumugi: Are you sure you're not bothered by this, though?
Shuuji: Not at all.
*It's kind of pleasing for me, in a way.*
Tsumugi: Now that I think about it, maybe we should have been more forceful in our denial.
Tsumugi: If there's a girl you l-like in the OC, then... they might get the wrong idea.
Shuuji: ~~!
Tsumugi: What? Do you actually like one of our clubmates?
Shuuji: N-No. Don't be ridiculous.
Tsumugi: Then, is there anyone in our class?
Shuuji: Nh?! ~~!!
Tsumugi: ...Hoshina-kun?
*My visible shock has her totally suspicious.*
*The people who are in both my class and club are reaaally limited.*
Tsumugi: You're not hitting on girls all over the place, are you?
Shuuji: Wh-Why would you think that?!
Tsumugi: Because in class, you're always having so much fun with Kariya-san, and in the clubroom, you're always doing something with Meguru-chan or Ayachi-san.
Tsumugi: And you seem like you get along really well with Togakushi-senpai too.
Shuuji: You really do still think I'm a playboy, don't you?
Tsumugi: I get the feeling that you're more popular than you think.
Shuuji: No way! That can't be!
Shuuji: You know I can tell how other people feel, right? I'd be able to tell if a girl liked me.
Tsumugi: Huh?! Really?
Shuuji: M-Maybe. I don't think anyone actually does like me, though.
Shuuji: I just have the feeling it would be easy to tell if they did. Probably.
Tsumugi: ......
Shuuji: Shiiba-san?
Tsumugi: I don't think you'd be able to tell at all.
Shuuji: You don't know that...
*Though, even if other girls did like me, there's only one girl I like.*
*...Imagine how much of a badass I'd be if I actually said that out loud.*
*I know Kaidou advised me to ask her out casually, but I can't do that.*
*That's just not who I am.*
Shuuji: Well, let's put that aside. We're here to discuss how to fill up the hole in my heart.
Tsumugi: If just eating a parfait with me helped, maybe you should ask other girls to do the same?
Shuuji: Huh? Did you not like it?
Tsumugi: No, I did, but I feel bad... I mean, wouldn't you prefer it that way?
Tsumugi: It looks to me like you'd have more fun with everyone together instead of just me.
Shuuji: No, but...
*That really hits where it hurts.*
*My heart filled up because I was with Shiiba-san. And even if that wasn't true, I'd still want it to be her.*
Shuuji: Filling up my heart previously took several months. You saw how surprised Ayachi-san was, right?
Tsumugi: ...Yeah, I did.
Shuuji: I went to eat parfaits with Togakushi-senpai once, but that didn't fill my heart.
Shuuji: I watched a movie with Inaba-san and Ayachi-san, but that didn't change anything, either.
Shuuji: So, you... Huh?
*Shiiba-san's face has turned grim.*
Tsumugi: So you are running around with all these different girls.
Shuuji: What? W-Wait a moment, Shiiba-san!
Tsumugi: This isn't your way home, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Why are you so angry? Did I do something wrong?
Tsumugi: I wouldn't know if you had!
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Tsumugi: This is the first I've heard about you watching a movie with Ayachi-san, or eating parfaits with Togakushi-senpai.
Tsumugi: I don't get why you're so gloomy if you're doing all that... And it's not like I care, either!
Shuuji: Shiiba-san?
*Is she jealous?*
Shuuji: Look. You really are the only one who's been able to fill the hole in my heart.
Tsumugi: Y-You don't know that. I'm sure another girl could do it just as well.
Shuuji: I do know that. I-It has to be you, Shiiba-san.
Tsumugi: You don't sound very confident.
Shuuji: No, I didn't stutter cause of that... Ah, I've got it!
Shuuji: Let's walk home holding hands.
Tsumugi: Huh? Fweeh?! Wh-Wh-Where did that come from?!
Shuuji: I've never done this before, nor is it something I'd want to do with anyone else.
Shuuji: So if it fills up my heart some more, you'll know I'm not lying. Right?
Tsumugi: B-But that's... embarrassing.
*My face is on fire right now.*
*Seems like I can still muster some lines like these, even if I can't ask her out.*
Shuuji: You promised to help me fill the hole in my heart, didn't you?
Tsumugi: B-B-But... this is so sudden, and it doesn't make any sense.
Shuuji: It really hurts to see you distrust me so much.
Shuuji: Holding hands would have done wonders for my heart...
*I put on a sulky act.*
*Trying to take the edge off the conversation is my way of escaping from it.*
Tsumugi: Uuugh, ahhh... Wh-Why do you even want to h-hold hands with me in the first place?
Shuuji: T-To prove that I meant what I said.
Shuuji: That it has to be you and no one else.
*If we were just friends...*
*If I were to do this with a guy, nothing would happen.*
*I can't put those thoughts into words, but I think Shiiba-san has an inkling as to why...*
*Why she's the only one who fills the hole in my heart.*
Tsumugi: Y-You won't do anything strange?
Shuuji: You'll be holding my hand, I won't be able to.
*I walk up to Shiiba-san and timidly take the hand she offers me.*
Tsumugi: ...Nh?!
Shuuji: ~~?!
*My mind goes completely blank the moment our hands touch.*
*People say they feel like their heart is about to leap out of their chest, but that metaphor is nothing compared to what I'm feeling now.*
*It's like someone's pounding out a drum solo in my chest.*
*Thanks to my nerves, it takes no time at all for my palm to get sweaty.*
*Crap! This has got to gross her out.*
Tsumugi: ~~~~~!
*But Shiiba-san goes bright red from ear to ear as she stares at the ground in silence.*
*I can tell how nervous she is from the way she's holding my hand.*
*Despite that, I sense no negative emotions coming from her.*
*There's a bittersweet taste crawling along my tongue. Like the sweetness from a sour orange, combined with coffee.*
*The taste is peculiar but not unpleasant at all.*
*If I were to give a name to this feeling, what would it be?*
*We wait in silence for the traffic light to change color, then remain in silence as we cross the road.*
Tsumugi: ......
Shuuji: ......
*There's no conversation between us.*
*I'm left only sweating, unable to say anything. But neither of us attempts to let go of the other's hand.*
*We finally approach the road where we have to split.*
*It's just a short walk after this corner.*
Tsumugi: ......
Shuuji: ......
*I have no idea what I should say.*
*Nothing's coming to mind. It's like I've forgotten every word I know.*
*Just then, Shiiba-san squeezes her hand slightly.*
Tsumugi: H-Hey, do you think you could walk a bit slower?
Tsumugi: You walk really quickly.
Shuuji: S-Sure. Sorry.
*I just barely manage to stutter out that simple reply.*
*There are less than ten meters to go now until we reach the intersection.*
*Are those going to be the only words I can muster?*
Tsumugi: Hehe.
*For some reason, Shiiba-san giggles to herself.*
Tsumugi: You're not used to walking with girls at all.
Shuuji: Ugh, my pride...
Tsumugi: I think this counts as proof.
Tsumugi: I can tell you're not playing about with tons of girls.
Shuuji: I told you so.
*Is that what Shiiba-san's been worrying about?*
*She really is different from everyone else.*
*The fun you have with friends is completely different from the exaltation you feel when you're with the girl you like.*
*It's almost enough to make me say, "Farewell, other friends! May life treat you well!"*
*I'm sure Shiiba-san would prefer if we didn't spend this time in silence.*
*Yet in just a few steps, we'll have to part.*
*I walk as slowly as I can, as if to stop us ever getting there.*
*But even then, this time comes to an end eventually.*
Tsumugi: Ah... Isn't your house that way, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: ...Yeah.
Tsumugi: ......
Shuuji: ......
*I know what I have to do, but I hesitate to let go of her hand and say goodbye.*
*Tomorrow's the start of the weekend. There's no school.*
*I won't get to see Shiiba-san for two whole days.*
*If I'm going to say something, now's my only chance. But I honestly never expected to feel like this.*
*I start to form words I never thought I'd be able to say.*
*I'm scared.*
*She doesn't seem to dislike any of this, but there's a nagging doubt.*
*Her emotions aren't all sweet. There's a bitterness too.*
*At the end of the day, I can only read her emotions, not her mind.*
Tsumugi: O-Okay then, we should...
Shuuji: Ah, w-wait.
Tsumugi: What is it?
Shuuji: Oh, well... You see...
*I know what I want to say. That's the first step out of the way.*
*But my mouth just isn't working.*
Boy: Ahh! Look, Mom, look! It's the people from the other day.
*Wait, is that the mom and kid from the other day? The one that said Shiiba-san looked like a dude?*
*Son of a... Why now, of all times?*
Boy: That one is a girl after all!
Tsumugi: ...Huh?
Boy: She's holding hands with a guy! Just like Mommy and Daddy!
Mother: H-Hey! Hehehe, I do apologize.
Shuuji: I-It's fine.
*We watch the two of them walk into the distance.*
Tsumugi: I guess I look like a girl when I'm holding hands with you, even in these clothes.
Shuuji: Shiiba-san!
*Her name bounces out of my mouth.*
*Just gotta go with the flow.*
Tsumugi: Y-Yes?
Shuuji: I still have those tickets to the amusement park that Togakushi-senpai gave me.
Shuuji: Would you like to go together sometime this weekend?
Tsumugi: ......!
Shuuji: I want to go with you... What do you say?
*Silence descends on us once more.*
*I'm unable to raise my face.*
*All I can do is wait for her reply.*
*What will that reply be...?*
================================================================================
Taichi: Man, you know that Christmas party we were organizing at work? Some of the young guys were really against it!
Shuuji: ......
Taichi: Hahaha, so now we're just having a normal end-of-year party.
Taichi: Too bad I won't get a chance to show off all those party tricks I've been practicing... Shuuji?
Shuuji: ......
Taichi: Hey, Shuuji? Listen to your dad when he's speaking.
Shuuji: ......
Taichi: ...Shuuji? Hey, Earth to Shuuji!
*I suddenly notice dad shaking me by the shoulders.*
Shuuji: O-Oh, you want seconds? Sorry, I only bought pre-made stuff for breakfast this morning, and we're out.
Taichi: No, I just thought you were sleeping with your eyes open. You look even worse this morning.
Taichi: What happened to you over the weekend? Didn't you get any rest?
Shuuji: ...The weekend?
Taichi: Yes! You've been shut up in your room the whole time. Did you catch a cold and try and sleep it off or something?
Shuuji: No, not really...
*That's not it at all.*
*After school last Friday, I had finally mustered the courage to speak to Shiiba-san. I invited her to the amusement park, but then...*
Tsumugi: I-I'm sorry!
*She bowed her head and ran away as fast as she could.*
*Basically, I'm despondent because Shiiba-san rejected me.*
Shuuji: I do feel a bit chilly, though.
Taichi: Take the day off. I'll call your school and let them know you're not coming.
Taichi: You're making your dad worried here.
Shuuji: ...Sorry. Yeah, let's do that.
*I decide to just do as he says.*
*For the past two days, I've been shut up inside my room barely able to sleep, and with absolutely no appetite.*
*Kaidou did say that it's best to ask someone out before you fall for them too hard.*
*I guess he was right.*
*But still, I never expected it to hurt this badly.*
Taichi: Go back to your room. I'll clean things up here.
Shuuji: I'm really sorry.
Taichi: Don't worry about it. I'll make sure not to work overtime today, for once.
*I'm even worrying my dad now. How pathetic.*
*But I honestly don't have the will to see anyone else right now.*
*I change back into my pajamas and crawl into bed.*
Shuuji: I ended up taking that three-day weekend anyway...
*On Friday, the thought of not seeing Shiiba-san for three straight days was torturous.*
*But today, I wouldn't even know what to say if I did see her.*
Shuuji: *cough* *cough* Huh? I might actually have a cold.
*My vision fades as I cough.*
*Just then, something hits against my window.*
*It sounds like someone's knocking against it, but I'm on the second floor. It can't possibly be anyone.*
*Now that I think about it, I might have forgotten to lock my windows. Oh well.*
Crow: Hey, how dare you ignore me?!
Shuuji: Wha?!
*My window suddenly opens, and a raven shoots through it into my room.*
*Oh god. It's her again!*
Shuuji: ...What do you want, Akagi?
Akagi: I flew all the way here. The least you could do is say hello to me.
Akagi: Your progress in restoring Tsumugi's fragments has slowed, so I decided to pay you a visit.
Shuuji: We already got some of them back.
Akagi: Not enough.
*I'd say our pace has been pretty quick, but I'm not in the mood to argue.*
Akagi: I've already told you how to fix this! Why have you and Tsumugi not mated yet?
Shuuji: *splutter* *cough* Y-You were serious about that?!
Akagi: You're choking without even consuming anything? Good grief. For a male, you truly are pathetic.
Akagi: Tsumugi has nothing to lose, so I tried persuading her to come here and mate with you.
Akagi: But she refused and barraged me with pillows.
*Of course she did.*
Akagi: So, with no other options, I came to see you, boy.
*I'm so grateful I could cry.*
Shuuji: ...Shiiba-san wouldn't like it, anyway.
Shuuji: She has no intention of "mating" with me, so there's no point in forcing her too.
Akagi: There is a point, though. We can retrieve the fragments.
*She's still too much of an animal to understand, huh?*
Shuuji: Anyway, I thought Shiiba-san couldn't do anything too girly.
Shuuji: Even if we were to try doing it, it would be a disaster thanks to your contract's "compensation."
Akagi: It is true that if she were to kiss, she would likely vomit.
*That would probably be her first kiss, too.*
Akagi: But mating has nothing to do with being male or female. It is an animalistic action.
Shuuji: Not for humans. That's why Shiiba-san is against it.
Shuuji: ...She doesn't wanna do it with me anyway.
Akagi: Good grief. You humans are the only ones who try to find deeper meaning in the act of reproduction.
Akagi: Well, when the time comes, I'll deal with it.
Akagi: There are loopholes in the rules. Ones Nanao isn't aware of.
Shuuji: This isn't sounding too wholesome... *cough* *cough*
*Crap, my cough is getting worse.*
*And if that wasn't bad enough, I'm shivering despite being wrapped in my blanket.*
Shuuji: Close the window for me.
Akagi: How long do you plan on staying in bed for?
*That's why I told you to... Huh?*
*I try to speak, but my throat is so dry that I can't get the words out.*
Akagi: But then again, Tsumugi has also spent the past two days lounging around in her room.
Shuuji: Oh no... Is she... sick too?
*I barely manage to squeak that question out.*
Akagi: If she was, then I would have nursed her back to health.
Akagi: I can't have my witch being sick now, can I?
Akagi: I believe she went to school this morning, though.
*Oh, that's good...*
Akagi: Hm? Wait, boy. Are you sick?
Shuuji: Yeah, seems so.
*The moment I say this, Akagi raises a hand to her mouth and backs off.*
Akagi: Why didn't you tell me sooner?! What if you're contagious?
Shuuji: ...You're not going to nurse me back to health?
Akagi: Of course not. If I get sick, then I might pass it onto Tsumugi.
Akagi: Humans always die so easily after getting sick.
Shuuji: Right...
*I guess Akagi cares about Shiiba-san too.*
*I'm kinda glad to know that.*
Akagi: Hm? What is it, boy?
Shuuji: ......
*I think I've got a full-blown fever.*
*My head is spinning, and I can't think straight.*
Akagi: Hey, use your words. You're not actually going to die on me, are you?
Shuuji: ......
Akagi: I can't have that. I wouldn't be able to recollect the fragments if you do.
Akagi: Hey, can you hear me? Boy? Boy?!
*...............*
*............*
*.........*
*......*
*...?*
Tsumugi: Hey, Akagi! You left the window open?
Akagi: What else could I do?
Akagi: I had to use it to unlock the front door for you, otherwise you wouldn't have been able to come in.
Tsumugi: I know, but you didn't have to leave it open the whole time.
*Is that Shiiba-san?*
Akagi: Of course I did. We need fresh air in here if you want to avoid getting sick too.
Tsumugi: Ah, good point.
Akagi: I'm getting out of here now. You be careful, Tsumugi.
Tsumugi: I will. Thanks for letting me know.
Akagi: Humph. I'm only worried about the fragments.
Tsumugi: You seem too concerned for it to be just that.
*Oh, right. Akagi came to visit me before I lost consciousness.*
Tsumugi: Ah, sorry! Did we wake you, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Is this... a dream?
Tsumugi: Huh?
Shuuji: Why else would... Shiiba-san be in my room?
Shuuji: And my mind feels hazy.
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun... Sorry, one moment.
*Shiiba-san places her hand on my forehead. It's cool and pleasant.*
Tsumugi: Whoa! You're burning up. We have to cool you down. Where do you keep all your medicine?
Shuuji: Your hand will do... This is only a dream anyway.
Tsumugi: Come on, Hoshina-kun, pull yourself together. Where do you keep your cold packs and medicine?
Shuuji: The cupboard... above the fridge...
Tsumugi: Got it. Just wait here while I have a look.
*She lightly strokes my bangs before leaving.*
*Aah, I'm so lonely... I know how hard it'd be to face her, but I want to see her anyway...*
Shuuji: *pant* *pant*
*Crap, I can't keep my eyes open...*
*......*
Shuuji: Gah, cold!
Tsumugi: Sorry for waking you. I went ahead and used one of your ice packs.
Tsumugi: I was hoping you'd be able to sleep through it. Well, now that you're awake, you may as well take your medicine.
Shuuji: ...Huh, Shiiba-san? What are you doing here?
Tsumugi: Huh? Did you actually think you were dreaming?
Shuuji: Dreaming? Right, I'm dreaming...
Tsumugi: R-Right... Well, anyway, take your medicine.
*I fumble the pills she hands me and drop them onto the floor.*
Tsumugi: Ah, sorry. I'll help you take them. Could you sit up a bit?
Shuuji: No... I can't...
Tsumugi: Okay, then. I'll help you sit up a bit... Heave-ho!
*She wraps her slender arms around my back, almost hugging me, and helps me get into position.*
Tsumugi: Okay, open your mouth.
Shuuji: ...It's bitter.
Tsumugi: Hehehe, here's some water. Drink slowly, now.
*The taste of medicine spreads through my mouth.*
*I'm so thirsty that I end up gulping down the water all at once.*
Tsumugi: Ah, no! Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: *cough*! *cough*!
Tsumugi: Oh dear. Hold still. I'll wipe you down.
*Fortunately, most of the water I spilled landed on the sheets, so she only has to wipe my mouth and hands.*
*I suddenly realize how close our faces are.*
*Shiiba-san is so close that I can almost count the number of eyelashes she has.*
Tsumugi: Okay, all done... Hm, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Will you marry me?
Tsumugi: Fweh?! Geez. Come on, now. I know you have a cold, but I'll still get angry if you tease me.
Shuuji: ...Right.
Shuuji: You already rejected me when I asked you out... Of course you wouldn't marry me...
Tsumugi: Ah...
Shuuji: I can't believe I'm even getting rejected in my dreams. This sucks.
Tsumugi: U-Umm, I don't think I exactly rejected you.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
*Shiiba-san's face is so red that it almost seems like she has a fever as well.*
Tsumugi: Have you forgotten what I said before?
Tsumugi: I can't go on dates. But then you went and invited me to the exact same place again.
Shuuji: So, if it had been a different place... you would have said yes?
Tsumugi: That's not the point.
Tsumugi: You know I can't dress up like a girl, don't you?
Shuuji: Sorry, but I can't really think straight right now... I remember you being fine when we had parfaits together.
Shuuji: So I thought you'd be able to go to the amusement park if you dressed like a guy.
Tsumugi: W-Well yeah... That'd be fine if we were just going as friends.
Tsumugi: B-But you invited me on a date, right?
Shuuji: ...Is that what the problem was?
Tsumugi: I think if I planned carefully, and dressed up really manly... I could probably go.
Tsumugi: But this would have been my first date ever.
Shuuji: Same... for me.
Tsumugi: So, do you understand where I'm coming from? Even guys want their first dates to be perfect, right?
Tsumugi: It's something you'll never, ever forget...
Tsumugi: So I can't go dressed like a guy.
Shuuji: What if the guy came to the date dressed up like a girl?
Tsumugi: Pfft, hehehe. Sorry. I just imagined us going to the amusement park, with me dressed as a guy and you dressed as a girl.
Shuuji: H-Haha... This isn't a laughing matter... *pant* *pant*
Tsumugi: I'm just joking. But if I were to go on a date, I'd want to look like a girl.
Tsumugi: I'd want the guy to think I'm... c-cute, after all.
Shuuji: *pant* *pant* Urgh!
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun, are you okay? Are you going to be sick?
*She quickly starts stroking my back.*
Shuuji: I-I'm fi―Uurgh?!
Tsumugi: Hold on a second... Is the trash can okay? It's the only thing we can use here.
Tsumugi: I'll clean it up after, so you don't need to worry.
Shuuji: This might be a dream, but I don't want to... Not in front of you... Blehhh!
*A vile smell assails my nostrils.*
*I'm unable to stop myself from throwing up.*
*How gross... But Shiiba-san doesn't complain or look put off. She just keeps rubbing my back.*
*Her pure kindness is such a relief.*
Tsumugi: Are you okay now? That was only stomach acid. Have you been eating properly?
Shuuji: I don't have an appetite... And I'm sorry...
Shuuji: That you had to see that...
Tsumugi: Oh, come on, Hoshina-kun. You came to my rescue when I was about to throw up the other day.
Tsumugi: Now we're even. Besides, the patient shouldn't be worrying about that.
*Her smile is so genuine.*
Shuuji: You sure you won't marry me... Shiiba-san?
Tsumugi: What good is answering when you'll forget all this by the time you wake up? Since you think this is a dream.
*Oh yeah. This is a dream.*
Tsumugi: Now, get some rest and remember to take your medicine.
Shuuji: Hey, what do I have to do... to get you to marry me? What do I have to do to get you to like me back?
Tsumugi: Y-You're persistent. You can't just skip straight to marriage... Wait, like you back?
Shuuji: Because of my stupid power, I really hate two-faced people.
Shuuji: But you're so warm... when you're smiling, when you're angry, whenever...
Shuuji: There's no one else like you.
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: You know, you have no idea how many times I wished I didn't have this power. But I probably do... so I could find a girl like you.
Shuuji: No, I'm sure that's why I was given this power.
Shuuji: But I don't really know how to get along with girls... I always go silent or make them angry.
Shuuji: You must hate that.
Shuuji: But... If I'm going to get married, there's no one I'd rather marry than you, Shiiba-san.
Tsumugi: W-Well... I don't hate you at all.
Shuuji: ...Yeah, I should have thought things over more before asking you out.
Shuuji: I'm meant to be able to tell how other people are feeling, but I hate how I don't know anything...
*I cover my face with both hands, even though this is a dream.*
Tsumugi: Errm... Hoshina-kun, you're a nice person. I really do think that.
Tsumugi: I was... h-happy when you asked me out.
Tsumugi: I didn't know what to do, so I just kinda ran away.
Shuuji: You're supposed to go out on a date with me.
Tsumugi: ...Fweh?
Shuuji: If I can make it so that you can wear girly clothing, will you marry me?
Tsumugi: W-Weren't we talking about a date?!
Shuuji: Who cares? This is just a dream.
Tsumugi: Sh-Sheesh. Fine then. If you can actually do that, I'll go out on a date with you.
Shuuji: Really?!
Tsumugi: But only after you've gotten better!
Tsumugi: If you want a date, then you better get over this cold quickly.
Shuuji: Great...
*I'm satisfied.*
*What a wonderful dream...*
*I lie back down. Shiiba-san adjusts my sheets around me.*
*I once again drift off to sleep, surrounded by warmth.*
*.........*
*......*
*...*
Shuuji: Mmm... Whoa! It's night already?
*I must have slept for ages.*
*I'm not in tip-top shape, but I am feeling much better.*
Shuuji: Guess that was just a dream.
*I raise a hand to my forehead, but there's no ice pack there.*
*And I look over at the trash can, but it's perfectly clean.*
Shuuji: Shiiba-san was at school, so she couldn't have come over while it was still bright―
Tsumugi: Ah, Hoshina-kun, you're awake.
Shuuji: Sh-Shiiba-san?! What?!
*An object I was gripping in my hand falls to the floor.*
*It's the ice pack from before, now melted. I must have removed it from my forehead without realizing.*
*Does that mean Shiiba-san cleaned the trash can for me?*
Tsumugi: I guess you really don't remember. Can I turn the lights on?
Shuuji: Y-Yeah, sure.
*Flips the light switch, bringing illumination to the room.*
*In that instant, I feel like a criminal who has had all of their crimes brought to light.*
*Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What should I do?*
*I don't remember everything, but I do know I said some stuff I definitely shouldn't have...*
Tsumugi: Do you have your appetite back yet?
Tsumugi: I made some porridge for you. Sorry for using your kitchen without permission.
Shuuji: Yeah... I am kinda hungry.
*Shiiba-san is holding a delicious-looking bowl of rice porridge with egg on the side.*
Tsumugi: Great, then can you sit up?
*I somehow manage to raise my upper half and reach out for the bowl.*
Tsumugi: *blow* *blow*
Shuuji: E-Errm, what are you doing?
Tsumugi: Okay Hoshina-kun. Say "aah."
Shuuji: I-I-It's fine. I can feed myself.
Tsumugi: No. Do you remember how you spilled your water when taking your medicine?
Tsumugi: Do that now and you'll burn yourself.
*Ugh, so it really wasn't a dream.*
Shuuji: B-But it's embarrassing.
Tsumugi: It's a bit late for that, isn't it? Or have you finally come back to your senses?
Tsumugi: The stuff you said earlier was far more embarrassing than this.
*She giggles. It seems she doesn't mind.*
Shuuji: Did I say anything weird?
Tsumugi: Yeah. It was like the fever was making you delirious.
Tsumugi: But if you don't remember, we can just pretend none of that ever happened.
Shuuji: ...I get the feeling I asked you to marry me.
*She drops the spoon back into the porridge.*
*I don't want to pretend this didn't happen.*
Tsumugi: Y-You do remember...
Shuuji: You said you'd go on a date with me if you were able to dress like a girl.
Tsumugi: Y-You have to recover from your cold, Hoshina-kun. Wh-Which means you need to eat too. Here.
*She plunges the spoon into my mouth.*
Tsumugi: ...Ah!
Shuuji: What is it?
Tsumugi: Nothing. I'm just surprised I did that.
Tsumugi: Does it taste good?
Shuuji: Y-Yeah.
*My face is going red for reasons aside from the fever.*
Shuuji: You're a pretty good cook.
Tsumugi: My mom and dad are always busy with work, so I've had to learn how to cook for myself.
Shuuji: Yeah? That's the same as me.
Tsumugi: Is it? Then I guess that means you're the one who usually uses the kitchen I just borrowed.
*She serves me another spoonful of porridge.*
Shuuji: ...Hey.
Tsumugi: Just a moment. *blow* *blow*
Shuuji: Is it really impossible for you to just go on a date right now?
Tsumugi: ...Do we have to talk about that?
Shuuji: We haven't decided how to fill the hole in my heart yet, right?
Shuuji: And we have to do that if you're to complete your witch's contract.
Tsumugi: Yeah, but... does that have anything to do with going on a date?
Shuuji: It does.
Shuuji: Going on a date with you is the best way to fill my heart.
Tsumugi: A-Are you sure you're not exaggerating?
Shuuji: I mean, the only time we've gotten anywhere in restoring your fragments is when we've been alone, right?
Tsumugi: Well... I guess so.
*Shiiba-san takes out her bottle and shows it to me.*
*There's clearly more in it than there was the other day.*
Tsumugi: B-But, does it have to be now?
Tsumugi: I have to complete my witch's contract in order to dress in girls' clothing again.
Tsumugi: But to complete my witch's contract, we have to fill in the hole in your heart, so, errm...
Shuuji: It's a catch-22.
Shuuji: You're plenty cute as you are right now, Shiiba-san. I-I'd be happy to go on a date with you.
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun...
Shuuji: I-I've said this before, but I'm not teasing you...
Shuuji: And I don't go around saying these things to just anyone.
Shuuji: It doesn't even have to be to the amusement park... I'd just like to go somewhere with you.
Tsumugi: ......
Shuuji: Would you please?
Tsumugi: U-Umm, Hoshina-kun... I-I-I also really―
Taichi: Shuuji, I'm home! I bought some pudding and canned peaches with me!
Shuuji: Gah, it's my dad!
Tsumugi: Y-Y-Y-Y-Your dad came home?!
Taichi: There's nothing better for a cold! Your mom and dad used to use them all the time.
*My dad's booming voice is getting closer by the second.*
Tsumugi: I-I-I have to greet him!
Shuuji: Hold on! Shiiba-san, calm down!
*We were in the middle of something, dammit.*
Taichi: Wh-What's this?!
Taichi: Shuuji, my boy! Have you brought a girl home?!
Tsumugi: Whaaat?! No, he didn't bring me here! It's more like I forced my way in!
Taichi: E-Even better! Tonight, we celebrate!
Taichi: Shuuji, come down! It's time to partyyy!!
Shuuji: Looks like we're not gonna be able to finish that conversation.
*I'm getting a headache just thinking about how this is about to pan out.*
Akagi: Boy, there's a way for you to go on that rendezvous you so wish for.
Shuuji: Whoa! How long have you been here?!
*Akagi sits perched on my window sill. I have no idea when she got there.*
*She's striking a rather triumphant pose, too.*
*Has she been watching things from outside my window this whole time?*
Shuuji: Hm, wait. What did you just say?
Akagi: What you need is for Tsumugi to be able to dress as a female for a period, correct?
Akagi: That is but a simple task.
Shuuji: What do you mean? Can she actually do that?
Shuuji: If so, why haven't you mentioned it before?
Akagi: Kukuku, as I said this morning, there are certain loopholes in the rules.
Akagi: But of course, such loopholes come at a high price.
Akagi: This will be a transaction, boy. Whether or not it'll be successful depends on you.
Shuuji: ......
================================================================================
*It's the next day, and I somehow feel 100\% again. I'm able to get up just fine.*
*Going to school won't be a problem.*
Taichi: Ooooh, awesome, Shuuji! You made the cabbage rolls I wanted! And first thing in the morning too!
Shuuji: Be quiet. I only made them 'cause I did nothing over the weekend.
Shuuji: Besides, I woke up early today since I slept all day yesterday. I had plenty of time.
*I also did this in the hope that he'll be too busy chowing down on his favorite food to ask any questions about Shiiba-san.*
*And maybe to make up for worrying him so much.*
Taichi: Can't you make these for me more often?
Shuuji: They're pretty annoying to make, you know?
Taichi: But your cabbage rolls are my favorite, Shuuji.
Taichi: You're the only one who can reproduce your mother's cooking so perfectly!
Shuuji: Yeah, and how many times do I have to tell you these aren't like Mom's?
*This is the other reason they're annoying to make.*
Taichi: Hehehe. But Shuuji, my dear, after that porridge, you're about to learn what it's like to never forget the taste of―
Shuuji: If you're gonna start with that, I won't make you any more cabbage rolls.
Taichi: Haha, well I don't want that.
Taichi: Cabbage rolls are the source of my life power. I can't lose them. Mmm, delicious!
*Normal parents would probably be more persistent with their questioning.*
*Yet my dad relents right away.*
*The degree to which he understands my personality is more than a little uncomfortable.*
Shuuji: Just so you know, there's nothing going on between me and Shiiba-san.
Taichi: I know, I know.
Taichi: So, I think I might go out and crack open a cold one with the boys tonight.
Shuuji: You have that Christmas party coming up. Go easy on your coworkers.
Taichi: Didn't I tell you that our Christmas party got turned into an end-of-year party?
Shuuji: Did you? Weren't you gonna take part in a talent show?
Taichi: Yeah, I was thinking of doing the Yasugibushi.
Shuuji: Oh wow. I didn't know you could do that.
Taichi: You actually know what the Yasugibushi is?
Shuuji: Kinda? It's some kind of Japanese folk song, right?
Taichi: Close enough, yeah. It was popular with men in the Showa era.
Taichi: There's a dance called the "Loach Scoop" to go along with it.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: ...The what?
Taichi: You should see your dad loach scooping! You'd never believe how many people asked me to do it for them.
Shuuji: ...Really?
*He's gotta be full of shit.*
Taichi: Of course. The last time I did it was when one of my old bosses came back to manage my department again.
Taichi: We threw him a welcome-back party. You should have seen the smile on your old man's face back then.
Taichi: But anyway, he came to me and said, "I'd like to see the old Hoshina Yasugibushi again."
Taichi: He was half joking, but I told him then and there that I'd love to if I got the chance.
Shuuji: W-Wow.
*What exactly is my dad's position at his company?*
*He seems to get along with his bosses and subordinates, so I guess I don't need to worry, but still.*
Shuuji: Right, I better head out now.
Taichi: Wait a second. I need to have a serious talk with you.
Shuuji: Huh? What is it?
*It's unusual to hear my dad being so serious.*
*I unconsciously straighten myself into a perfect sitting posture.*
Taichi: The truth is, I forgot to ask Santa to get you a present this year.
Shuuji: ...What?
*All the tension leaves me at once.*
Taichi: Basically, you're not getting a Christmas present this year!
Taichi: So I thought I'd give you some money, as an apology.
Shuuji: You're telling me to buy something I'd like, right? You could just say so... Huh?!
*I thought he'd just toss me a 1,000-yen bill as per usual, but no. It's 10,000 yen.*
*Three 10,000-yen bills, to be exact!*
Shuuji: H-Hold on a second! This is way too much.
Taichi: Most kids your age work a part-time job, but you spend that time doing housework for us, right?
Taichi: And I have the feeling this Christmas might be an expensive one for you.
Taichi: Go for it, Shuuji, my son.
*Dad gives me a thumbs up with a massive smile on his face.*
*I'm pretty sure he's telling me to ask Shiiba-san out on a date and use this money for it.*
Shuuji: This is still too much. I wouldn't feel right accepting this much.
Taichi: What I gave you earlier for making breakfast doesn't cover the costs of you getting up earlier and making cabbage rolls for me.
Taichi: You can think of it as payment for your work rather than an allowance if you want.
Shuuji: Dad, I don't cook for you with the intention of being paid.
Taichi: Listen. One day you'll go to work, and someone else will probably end up doing the housework for you.
Taichi: You'll be so grateful that you won't be able to express it with money alone.
*This is a ridiculous amount of cash for a student to get.*
*Yet he handed it to me like it was nothing. I don't even know how to use it.*
*Though, it doesn't seem as bad when I think of it as pay.*
Shuuji: Thank you. I don't know how, but I'll return the favor someday.
Taichi: Just go out there and be happy, Son.
Taichi: Your dad likes seeing a smile on your face more than he does cabbage rolls.
*That's the comparison he's gonna go for?*
*It is like him, though.*
Hideaki: Oh, Shuuji. You all good now?
Wakana: Morning, Hoshina! Good to see you're still alive.
Shuuji: Sorry about yesterday. I'm all better now.
Hideaki: You were spending a lot of time in the infirmary before. I'm surprised you haven't taken more time off.
Wakana: You shoulda seen this guy crying about how he had to eat lunch all by himself while you were gone.
Shuuji: Really? I thought you would've made good use of the alone time, Kaidou.
Hideaki: Why've you gotta make it sound like I was jerking off?
Hideaki: I only did that a little.
Wakana: Eww, massive pervert alert.
Shuuji: Ahaha...
*While I laugh at my friend's self-deprecating joke, I find my eyes being drawn to Shiiba-san.*
*As my eyes naturally do whenever I'm in the same room as her these days.*
Tsumugi: ~~!
*Our eyes meet. It seems Shiiba-san was looking at me too.*
*I build up the courage to give her a little wave.*
Tsumugi: ......
*But Shiiba-san just gives me a strained smile before returning to her desk.*
*Huh? Everything went so well when she nursed me yesterday. What's going on?*
Wakana: What is it, Hoshina? You're looking kinda down.
Shuuji: Huh? Am I?
*I wanted to talk to Shiiba-san a little―mainly about the whole date thing.*
*Would these guys mind if I left them and went to talk to her?*
Hideaki: Haha, so that's what's going on.
Shuuji: Kaidou?
Wakana: What's with that smug look?
Hideaki: Now, now, Wakana-chan. We're not Shuuji's only friends. I'm sure he wants to go and talk to his fellow clubmates.
*Is... Is Kaidou being considerate?*
Shuuji: You figured that out easily.
Hideaki: Can't really compete with the beauties from the OC now, can I?
Wakana: That's what it is? I'm against discrimination.
Shuuji: Haha, sorry.
*I did talk to Kaidou about there being a girl I like.*
*It seems he figured out that it was someone from my club.*
*Well, given how rare this kindness is coming from him, I should take advantage of it while I can.*
Shuuji: Morning, Shiiba-san. Thanks for yesterday.
Tsumugi: O-Oh, it was nothing, really. Are you sure you're feeling okay?
Tsumugi: Your fever was really bad, so I don't think you should push yourself.
Shuuji: Haha, I'm fine. Really. All thanks to you.
Shuuji: S-So, about the conversation we had yesterday. The one that got cut off.
Tsumugi: Y-Yeah, about the amusement park?
*Looks like that's what's making Shiiba-san awkward.*
Tsumugi: Sorry, but I'd like some more time to think it over.
Shuuji: Oh, okay. That's fine...
*I was sure she was going to say yes this time.*
Tsumugi: I really am happy that you asked me, okay?
Tsumugi: But there's still a lot I have to consider.
Shuuji: No, I totally get it.
*There's a lot I have to think about myself.*
Shuuji: I'll wait for your answer in the meantime.
Tsumugi: Okay, thank you. I'll give you my answer as soon as I can.
Shuuji: I appreciate it.
Shuuji: I might collapse from the stress if I have to wait too long.
Tsumugi: Geez, that's not funny.
Shuuji: Haha, that's just how fast my heart's racing.
Tsumugi: Y-Yeah, I've... been thinking about going to the amusement park with you too.
*Shiiba-san raises a hand in front of her chest as if to trying to calm her heart.*
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Tsumugi: Ah! Errm, anyway... I'll give you an answer before too long. Please just give me a little time.
Shuuji: Gotcha.
*I know she's not just stringing me along or stalling while she explores other options.*
*Is taking time to decide really important, though?*
*I think momentum might be more important. I probably couldn't have asked her out without it.*
*When you have time to cool off, you have time to think. You'll probably overthink things, which makes it harder to take action.*
*Maybe I should make her give me an answer right now...*
*Man, this line of thinking isn't right.*
*You can't force these things.*
*All I can do is wait for Shiiba-san to sort out her feelings.*
Shuuji: I know I said I'd wait, but...
*It's now lunchtime, and I'm considering asking Shiiba-san to eat with me.*
*Maybe I could just be like, "Wanna eat in the clubroom together?" That doesn't sound too unnatural.*
*But we're not dating, so it'd be weird for just the two of us to have lunch together.*
*Seems like I'm growing impatient.*
Tsumugi: ......
Shuuji: Ah!
*While I'm wondering what to do, see Shiiba-san grabs her lunch and leaves the room.*
*She was looking at her phone just before, so maybe she was texting someone.*
Shuuji: Ahh... I should have said something sooner.
Hideaki: You're far too pure, man.
*Kaidou sidles up to me and opens his sandwich.*
Shuuji: Ugh, don't tell me you've figured out who it is?
Hideaki: Not gonna lie, it's totally obvious.
Shuuji: Of course it is. *sigh*
Hideaki: Are you able to talk to her yet?
Shuuji: Yeah, everything's fine when we're actually talking.
Shuuji: But it's like there's this wall between us, and it's stopping us getting any closer.
Hideaki: Ahh. That's enough to make a man wanna risk everything and go all out.
Hideaki: I know the feeling.
*I can tell he's basing this on his own feelings for his unrequited love.*
*For some reason, just hearing those words from him lightens my mood.*
Hideaki: Look, you shouldn't be too cautious...
Hideaki: But at the same time, there are a lot of guys who blow it through overconfidence. You need to be careful.
Shuuji: You're telling me to make sure of what I'm doing when the time comes and not take any chances?
Hideaki: Well, a man can't just hide in his shell forever either. You need to know when to act.
*Basically, I've gotta go on the attack, but I can't overdo it.*
Shuuji: This is so hard.
Hideaki: It is. That's why so many guys suck at this. You want a breadstick?
Shuuji: Oh? Yeah, thanks.
*I'm finally eating normally again. It's wonderful to be able to enjoy food.*
*And I'm so lucky to have such good friends.*
*Nothing is more reassuring when you're in trouble.*
*After that, I say bye to Kaidou and head to the clubroom.*
*The members of the OC are my friends too, and I've probably made them worried, so I really should pop my head in.*
Shuuji: I doubt everyone will be there though. I'll make sure to see anyone who's not after school.
*Oh, there are voices coming from inside.*
*So at least two people are in there. Excellent.*
Shuuji: Hey, everyone...
Tsumugi: Blaaaarrrg!
*I almost bump into Shiiba-san, who looks like she's about to throw up.*
Touko: Oh my. It seems like this doesn't work.
Meguru: Hmm, looks like you can't go too heavy on the girly stuff, even with some men's accessories.
Shuuji: Good to see you, Inaba-san, Togakushi-senpai.
Shuuji: You're not trying to push Shiiba-san to her limits with the girly stuff again, are you?
Nene: It seems they are.
Shuuji: You're getting involved in this too, Ayachi-san?!
Nene: No, I just happened to be here.
*Ayachi-san is reading a book with her lunch box beside her.*
*Guess she probably ate lunch here.*
Shuuji: Are you okay, Shiiba-san?
Tsumugi: *pant* *pant* Yeah, as long as... I take this off.
Meguru: So even Senpai came here, huh?
Touko: Everyone from the OC is here!
Shuuji: Did you arrange this?
Touko: No. I wanted to see if anyone was here, so I decided to drop on by.
Meguru: I told Tsumugi-senpai that I wanted to discuss the fashion stuff again.
*So Inaba-san was the one texting Shiiba-san earlier most likely.*
*Well, whatever the reason, it seems like all the members of the OC have come to the clubroom.*
*A happy coincidence, I must say.*
Touko: Oh yeah, Hoshina-kun, is your cold all better now?
Meguru: I thought they said idiots couldn't catch colds.
Shuuji: Hahaha. Very funny.
Meguru: I kid, I kid. I was worried too, you know? You haven't looked very well lately.
Meguru: Not as worried as Tsumugi-senpai, though.
Tsumugi: What?! Y-You think?
Shuuji: Well, she did come to see me while I was sick. And that was even during school hours, I'm pretty sure...
Tsumugi: H-Hey, Hoshina-kun, that's not―
Touko: Wow, she even left school early to see you?
Meguru: That's intense!
Tsumugi: W-W-Well, I heard... that he suddenly passed out.
Tsumugi: And something about humans dying easily...
*So Akagi went and called her after all.*
*I thought she was bad news, but it looks like she has a good side to her.*
*Though... I'm still not entirely sure how much I should trust that "transaction" of hers she spoke of.*
Tsumugi: Anyway, I... I was worried, okay?
Shuuji: Yeah, thank you.
Shuuji: If you hadn't come, over I might still be asleep now.
Tsumugi: I'm glad to hear that but, well, what matters most is that you're better.
Meguru: I think I have a pretty good idea why Tsumugi-senpai wants to dress like a girl so badly.
Tsumugi: Fweeh! N-Nothing's been decided yet, okay?
*She did say that she wants to dress like a girl for her first date.*
Shuuji: Is this the reason you said you wanted to think things over?
Tsumugi: Yeah. I mean... I've already given up on being able to dress totally like a girl.
Tsumugi: But if I'm going to an amusement park, then I-I'd at least like to look a little more girly than usual.
Shuuji: Shiiba-san...
*So she really does want to go on this date.*
*Which is why she's been working so hard to try and get over this barrier.*
Touko: Amusement park? Would this be with the tickets I gave Hoshina-kun as a reward?
Tsumugi: Ah! W-Well, errm...
*Shiiba-san looks around, unsure of what to say.*
*I guess I should just let the cat out of the bag.*
Shuuji: Yeah. I asked Shiiba-san to go with me.
Tsumugi: Fweeeeh! Wh-Why'd you tell them?!
Meguru: Super-perv Senpai just up and admitted it!
Nene: Is that so?
*Ayachi-san has put down her book. She must have been listening to the conversation.*
*But wait, how did that make me a pervert?*
Shuuji: I'm still waiting for her answer, actually.
Tsumugi: ...Th-That's just because I'm still trying to fix this problem.
Touko: Yeah, totally.
Touko: Though, I'm pretty sure those tickets expire this week. You two do realize that, don't you?
Tsumugi: Huh?! Is that true, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Wait, does it say that on the tickets? I totally didn't notice.
Touko: Sheesh, Hoshina-kun, you need to pay more attention.
Shuuji: I'm sorry...
*I can't believe I never noticed. Do tickets won in raffles normally have such a strict time limit?*
Touko: Do you think you'll be able to make it in time, Shiiba-san?
Tsumugi: Aah... I think this week would be asking for too much...
Touko: There you have it, Hoshina-kun. So why not go to the amusement park with little old me?
Shuuji: What?! Why would I do that?
Tsumugi: Y-Y-Yeah! That's right, Togakushi-senpai!
Touko: Oh my. You don't want to go with me?
Touko: Then you could go with Inaba-san or Ayachi-san.
Meguru: Huh?! Why me?!
*What's Togakushi-senpai up to, here?*
*Having been put on the spot, Inaba-san is at a loss for words.*
Nene: I wouldn't mind. We did go and see a film together before.
Tsumugi: A-Ayachi-san?
Nene: Though, that would depend on Shiiba-san since she was the one he asked first.
Touko: Yeah. We can't let these tickets go to waste.
*Is she pushing Shiiba-san into making a decision?*
Touko: What do you say, Shiiba-san?
Tsumugi: Aaaahh... Th-This isn't fair...
Tsumugi: There are so many other things I... I wanted to get ready first.
Shuuji: Shiiba-san?
Tsumugi: I-I can't give you an answer right now! I-I'm soowwyyyy!!
*Shiba-san bolts out of the room.*
Shuuji: H-Hey, where are you―Wha?!
Girl: Kyah!
*Another student walks through the door just as I set off after Shiiba-san.*
Shuuji: Sorry. Are you okay?
Girl: ...I'm fine.
Meguru: Have you come here for a consultation?
*I can't think of another reason for coming here.*
*Our visitor has a strangely lethargic look on her face.*
Touko: Are you Atsuma-san from the class next door?
Shuuji: You know each other?
Touko: Yeah, we used to have home economics together.
Atsuma: Yes... I didn't expect the Student Council president to be here too.
Atsuma: Is it true that you help people who come here with problems?
Nene: Yes. We do so all the time.
Nene: But first, Hoshina-kun, please go after Shiiba-san.
Shuuji: Are you sure?
Nene: Of course. You two have your own consultation to deal with.
*She's right.*
*I admit, I'm curious about what this new girl has come here for, but with Ayachi-san and Togakushi-senpai here, there's nothing to worry about.*
*And Inaba-san might help too, I guess.*
Shuuji: Okay, thanks.
Nene: Good luck.
Shuuji: I've found her... Hey, Shiiba-san!
*She's almost at our classroom by the time I catch up to her.*
Tsumugi: H-Hoshina-kun! You came after me?
Shuuji: Is that a problem?
Tsumugi: No, it isn't. I'm sorry for running away.
Shuuji: It's fine. I didn't expect that turn of events.
*I've got this chance thanks to Togakushi-senpai's and Ayachi-san's support.*
*And Inaba-san's support too, I suppose.*
*But I can't keep relying on everyone else for help.*
Shuuji: About the date... If you can't sort everything out in time, then we don't need to go this week.
Tsumugi: Huh? But won't the tickets expire?
Shuuji: I told you already. We don't have to go to the amusement park.
Shuuji: I just want to go somewhere with you.
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun...
Shuuji: And I don't plan on going with anyone else if you can't come.
Shuuji: I wanted to make sure you knew that.
*As I say this, I pat Shiiba-san on the head.*
*Is this overkill?*
Tsumugi: Hehe, you haven't patted me on the head in forever.
Shuuji: Yeah? I guess not.
Shuuji: I think I kinda got used to doing it without realizing.
Tsumugi: Yeah... It's strange, though.
Tsumugi: The more my heart races, the harder it is for me to be around a certain someone.
Shuuji: Huh? You mean...
*Shiiba-san places both of her hands on top of the one I'm patting her on the head with.*
*Her bright red face is now hidden behind her elbows.*
Tsumugi: ...Could you give me one more day?
Tsumugi: I'll give you an answer tomorrow.
Shuuji: Sure thing.
*At long last, Shiiba-san smiles.*
*Tomorrow, huh? There's no way I'm sleeping tonight.*
================================================================================
Shuuji: *yawn* I knew I wouldn't get any sleep last night.
*I'm starting to think it's okay to get my hopes up.*
*But at the same, time I can't help but be anxious.*
*I've never gone on a date before. Hell, I never even asked anyone out before.*
*But there's no turning back now.*
*Being rejected here would really sting. The last time she did, I collapsed and fell ill.*
*That's why I'm so nervous.*
Shuuji: My thoughts are such a mess.
*I wish I was a more proactive guy.*
*At least then the hole in my heart would be filled by now.*
Tsumugi: M-Morning, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Huh? Sh-Shiiba-san?!
*Well, this is a surprise.*
*Shiiba-san is standing where our two paths to school link up.*
Shuuji: Were you waiting for me?
Tsumugi: Yeah. I want to tell you my answer straight away... Before I wimp out.
Shuuji: *gulp*
*I knew this was coming, but I'm still unable to say anything.*
*My heart's about to explode from nervousness. I'm waiting for her reply frozen stiff.*
Tsumugi: It's a yes.
Shuuji: ......
Tsumugi: Errm, I mean, yes, I will go to the amusement park with you.
Shuuji: ......
Tsumugi: H-Huh? Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Ha...
Shuuji: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
*After holding my breath for what felt like ages, breath escapes me like a leaky balloon.*
Shuuji: Pheeww! Thank you, Shiiba-san! I thought the nerves were gonna kill me there.
Tsumugi: Geez, you're so over-the-top.
Shuuji: I mean, I already collapsed when you said no last time.
Tsumugi: I've told you that's not funny. A-Anyway...
Tsumugi: I'm l-lookinn fowadd to this weekend! H-Huh?
Shuuji: Hahaha, looks like you were nervous too.
*The two of us start walking to school side by side.*
*Should I try to hold hands? Or is it too soon for that?*
*You know what? I'm just happy I get to walk to school with her.*
*I can save the rest for later.*
Tsumugi: Geez, Hoshina-kun. How long do you plan on grinning for?
Shuuji: Oh, um, well...
Shuuji: I just can't stop thinking about the date, ahaha.
Tsumugi: Hey, what's so funny about it? Hehehe.
Shuuji: You're laughing too!
Tsumugi: Yeah, but, ehehe... You must be contagious. Now you've got me grinning too.
Tsumugi: Don't look. It's embarrassing.
Shuuji: Aww, but you look so cute when you're grinning.
Tsumugi: Yeah, yeah. And you look so handsome when you're grinning.
Shuuji: Pfft, what the heck? Haha.
Tsumugi: Ehehehe.
*This is just a single date she's agreed to, so it's not like we're going out yet.*
*But I'm still so happy.*
*I actually found a girl who accepts me.*
*The world seems so much brighter and more beautiful as a result.*
*The clear, late autumn sky, the familiar streets we pass by, and everything else that meets my eye appears so wonderful.*
Tsumugi: *sigh* I wish I'd said yes sooner.
Tsumugi: Everything feels a million times better now after I've been worrying about it for so long.
Tsumugi: I'm so happy.
Tsumugi: And my heart's still pounding, but not in a scary way.
Shuuji: I feel the same.
*Shiiba-san nudges my arm with her shoulder.*
*The wall I felt between us has now completely vanished.*
Shuuji: I'm happy you gave me an answer so soon.
Tsumugi: I didn't want to make you wait any longer.
Tsumugi: And if I had said no, you might have gotten sick again, right?
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Tsumugi: And I promised to fill the hole in your heart, and those tickets are about to expire.
Tsumugi: All that kinda gave me the determination to just do it instead of spending forever worrying.
Shuuji: R-Right. Yeah.
*That's not exactly the response I expected.*
*But it does make me realize something.*
*Both the hole in my heart and my fever were problems of my own making, brought on by a lack of self-care.*
*But despite everything Shiiba-san has done for me, I've barely done anything for her in return.*
*It's not right. Not when she's bringing me so much happiness.*
Shuuji: (Is there nothing I can give her return?)
*I'd be a pathetic excuse for a man if I didn't return the favor somehow.*
*The first thing that comes to mind is the "transaction" Akagi spoke of the other day.*
Akagi: Tsumugi cannot dress as a female due to the compensation for her witch powers.
Akagi: The loophole in the rules is that, for a short period of time, someone else may take on the compensation instead of the witch.
Akagi: However, as I have already said, this will come at a high price.
Akagi: If, for example, the witch was to be freed of her compensation for two hours, the person shouldering that for them would have to spend twenty hours paying it off.
Shuuji: ...Ten times the amount?
Akagi: All you have to do is pay it, boy.
Shuuji: Hold on! Would I have to wear girls' clothing?
Akagi: It's hard to say. The compensation one has to pay depends on the person.
Akagi: Us alps have no way of telling beforehand.
Akagi: But if you like Tsumugi, you should be prepared to do at least this, no?
Shuuji: ......
*Of course, I refused her offer.*
*Shiiba-san would have definitely gotten mad if I had made that decision without consulting her.*
*I'd need to take on a compensation of my own for ten times the amount of time she'd be free from hers.*
*Shiiba-san is far too kind to agree to that. I knew that full well.*
Shuuji: If I'm going to do something for her, it has to be something she'll be delighted with.
*I don't have a clue on what girls like.*
*Guess I should just ask her.*
Shuuji: Shiiba-san, can I have a moment?
Tsumugi: Sure. What's up?
Shuuji: Is there anything you'd like from me?
Tsumugi: Huh? This is sudden.
Shuuji: W-Well, you've done a lot to help everyone who has come to the OC with problems.
Shuuji: And now you're helping me fill in my heart. So I was thinking that if there's anything you'd like, I could get or do it for you.
*I'm not really communicating my thoughts well, but Shiiba-san seems to get it and considers it seriously.*
Tsumugi: Hmm, I'm not sure... Ah, I've got it!
Shuuji: You've thought of something?!
Tsumugi: E-Ehehe... It's nothing big, though.
Tsumugi: I'd like it if you'd lend me your pencil, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Huh? Did you forget your pencil case today or something?
Tsumugi: N-No, I didn't, but... could you, please?
Shuuji: Well, okay...
*I'm not sure where she's going with this.*
*But I take out a pencil and hand it to her.*
Tsumugi: Thank you. You can use this pencil in exchange.
Shuuji: Huh? You're giving me your pencil?
Tsumugi: Yeah. I can't let you go without something to write with.
Shuuji: Yeah, I guess... Why do you want to swap, though?
Tsumugi: Don't you worry about that! Look, the next class is starting.
*I really don't get this.*
*Class starts back up again with me still dumbfounded and using someone else's pencil.*
Kanae: And so, for this question...
Tsumugi: Ehehe~♪
*Shiiba-san smiles to herself, staring not at the blackboard, but at my pencil.*
*What the heck?*
*Just looking at one of my things is enough to make her happy?*
*Huh... I wonder if that'd work for me too.*
*I have her pencil in my hands right now.*
Shuuji: Heh... Hehe.
*Crap. I can't be acting like this in class.*
*Sure enough, though, I'm ecstatic just having borrowed something from Shiiba-san.*
*My chest feels so full.*
*I wonder if she feels the same?*
Tsumugi: ......!
Shuuji: Ah!
*It's the middle of class, but our eyes meet.*
*It's not like the previous, accidental times. There's now a warm, vibrant connection between the two of us.*
*I'm so happy I think I might die.*
*I can't stop grinning. Shiiba-san's smiling too, looking a bit shy.*
*Waaaaaaaaah! If this wasn't the middle of a lesson I'd be screaming in joy.*
*Calm down.*
*Here I was, wanting to do something for her, and in the end I'm the one that's overjoyed.*
*That kind of defeats the purpose.*
Tsumugi: Huh? You want me to ask for something more difficult?
*After that lesson, I ask Shiiba-san to ask me for something more than borrowing a pencil.*
*I can tell she's thinking "What on Earth for?" but I press on anyway.*
Shuuji: Anything you like, anything you can think of.
Tsumugi: Okay. I just have a normal packed lunch today, but I've always been curious about the buns from the school shop.
Shuuji: Buns?
Tsumugi: I've never actually been to the school shop before, so it'd be kinda awkward if I went now.
Tsumugi: I'd love it if you could go buy some for me.
Tsumugi: I'd like a strawberry bun.
Shuuji: Cool. I'll buy something for myself while I'm there.
Shuuji: But is that the hardest thing you can think of?
Tsumugi: Errm, did you want something even harder?
Tsumugi: I dunno...
Shuuji: Of course she's not gonna be able to ask me for something up front...
*I grumble to myself on the way back.*
*In the end, Shiiba-san simply upped the request to two strawberry buns.*
*Is she planning on eating both of them straight after lunch?*
*Maybe she's a heavy eater.*
Tsumugi: Welcome back, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Oh, Shiiba-san? Did you come to meet me?
Shuuji: Doesn't look like you've started eating yet.
Tsumugi: No. I wanted to wait for you, since you were buying something for me.
Tsumugi: And, here... Thank you, Hoshina-kun.
*She hands me a carton of milk that she must have just bought from a vending machine.*
Shuuji: Huh? Wh-What's this?
Tsumugi: It's my thanks for the bun.
Shuuji: You shouldn't have. Let me give you the money for it.
Tsumugi: It's fine. It's not like you were planning on having me pay you back for the buns, were you?
Tsumugi: So I thought we could trade.
Shuuji: Well yeah, but I wanted to do something for you.
*It's not like we have to be even.*
Tsumugi: Hmm, then maybe this next request will work?
Tsumugi: The wind's a bit cold, but it's still a nice day out. Right, Hoshina-kun?
*Shiiba-san smiles as she inserts a straw into her milk carton.*
*Her next request was that we eat lunch together.*
Tsumugi: Okay, this is yours.
*She returns one of the strawberry buns to me.*
Shuuji: Huh? Were you always planning on doing this?
Tsumugi: Y-Yeah. They look really tasty, so I wanted to eat them with you.
Tsumugi: ...Should I not have?
Shuuji: No, it's fine.
*I'm thrilled that she wants to eat lunch with me. But at the same time, things aren't exactly going as I expected.*
Shuuji: I wanted to do something for you, but you ended up making it so we'd always do things together.
Tsumugi: Should I not have?
Shuuji: Nah, I was already thinking of asking you to lunch.
Tsumugi: Really? I actually wanted to ask you from the start.
Tsumugi: I even came up with all these different plans while working out the best way to ask you.
Tsumugi: But I didn't have the courage.
Tsumugi: Not until you asked me what I wanted. That gave me the last push. Ehehe.
*Aw crap.*
*I'm falling for her even more.*
*My feelings grow with every moment we spend together and each new thing I learn about her.*
*Shiiba-san agreeing to go on a date with me was a turning point.*
*With a beaming smile of satisfaction on my face, I take a bite out of my bun.*
Tsumugi: Wow, Hoshina-kun, these are wonderful♪
Shuuji: Yeah, they're great.
*And seeing you smile makes them even better.*
*It seems like love makes you enjoy the same things as your partner.*
*I've never had these buns before. I think I might just buy myself another tomorrow.*
*For the rest of the school day, I'm left feeling like I haven't really done anything for Shiiba-san.*
Meguru: How's this? It's definitely boyish, but it has a girlish charm to it too!
Tsumugi: Yeah, this is great Meguru-chan! I'm sure that―Ugh, urgh, bleeehh!
Meguru: Ahh... That didn't work, huh?
*Shiiba-san and Inaba-san are once again trying to push the limits on Shiiba-san's femininity.*
*I can't really help out there, given my lack of fashion knowledge.*
Tsumugi: I'm sorry, Meguru-chan.
Meguru: Don't worry about it. You're going to the amusement park this weekend, right?
Meguru: So that's our time limit!
Meguru: I'm gonna help you as much as I can with the time we have, so you better get motivated!
Tsumugi: Yeah, thank you. I'm so glad you're here, Meguru-chan!
*Being able to dress like a girl...*
*That's the strongest desire Shiiba-san has.*
*The "transaction" Akagi suggested is still stuck in my mind.*
*Ugh, no. I've already decided I'm not doing it.*
Nene: It seems like you managed to get Shiiba-san to say yes.
Shuuji: Yeah, thanks to all of you.
Shuuji: What happened to the girl who came in yesterday?
Nene: Well, you see...
*We move to the corner of the room before Ayachi-san continues in a whisper.*
Nene: Atsuma-san had this one pet dog ever since she was born.
Shuuji: Wow, that's a long time for a dog to live... Wait.
*"Had"?*
Nene: Unfortunately, he passed away from natural causes.
Shuuji: Oh no...
*This doesn't seem like a problem we can fix.*
*No one can bring the dead back to life.*
Nene: All she really wanted was someone to talk to, to help her get over it.
Shuuji: Right.
Nene: I doubt we'll be able to get any fragments from her.
Nene: But we still decided to let her come in for regular consultations for a while.
Shuuji: Can we really handle that?
*We might get more people coming in for consultations, but this one sounds like it could take a while.*
Nene: I don't mind. I noticed that her heart has become rather weakened.
Nene: If left alone, a hole could possibly form.
Shuuji: ...It's that bad?
*Now I'm concerned.*
Nene: So I swapped numbers with her and told her that she can talk to me any time.
Nene: Do you think we should tell Shiiba-san about this too?
Shuuji: Errm...
*I can see Shiiba-san and Inaba-san going through emotional rollercoasters of their own in the corner of my eye.*
Shuuji: I don't think we should.
Shuuji: This isn't a problem we can solve easily, and I have a feeling she'll get depressed if she hears about it.
Nene: Yes, I agree.
Meguru: Senpai, get your butt over here! We need your opinion on something.
Meguru: We're doing this for you too, you know!
Shuuji: O-Oh, sorry.
Tsumugi: N-No, it's fine, Meguru-chan! I'll show Hoshina-kun later.
Meguru: Yeah? Hmm, I suppose it won't be much of a surprise if we show him now.
Meguru: Okay. As you were, Senpai. Actually, don't even look over here.
Shuuji: Yeah, yeah.
*Talk about fickle.*
*But I might have just thought up a way to make Shiiba-san happy.*
================================================================================
*It's after school on the following day, and Shiiba-san and I are together downtown.*
Tsumugi: Wow, I can't believe this place is so close by train.
Shuuji: Sorry for dragging you along on my shopping trip.
*I actually invited her to come.*
Tsumugi: No, this is fun! I've never been here before.
Tsumugi: And, actually, I-I was happy that you invited me.
Shuuji: Ah... R-Right.
*I'm delighted that she agreed.*
*Obviously, my true objective here isn't shopping.*
*I just wanted to let Shiiba-san have some fun.*
Shuuji: Okay, let's get going.
Tsumugi: So, what did you need to buy?
Shuuji: Hm? Oh, I just wanna look for some general household stuff... Oh, look!
Shuuji: Look at all that cute stuff in that store. Doesn't it make you wanna buy it all?
Tsumugi: Wow, you're right!
*Shiiba-san rushes over to the window display.*
*I know just how much she loves this cute, girly stuff.*
*Walking past this shop was no coincidence. I looked it up online in advance.*
*She might not be able to wear girly stuff, but there shouldn't be a problem if she's just looking at it.*
*Ultimately, I'm just here to have fun window shopping with Shiiba-san.*
Tsumugi: That bunny accessory case is so adorable! Wow, look at this one! It's dressed up like Santa!
Shuuji: A rabbit Santa, huh? Hahaha, look, it even has reindeer pulling it.
*It looks like you can put accessories in the present box resting on the sleigh.*
*It's a bit pricey, but it's pretty neat.*
Tsumugi: You see these kinds of cases all the time, and they're so much cuter when they're animals.
Tsumugi: I wonder what accessories would look cutest in it.
Shuuji: Hahaha, you'd buy the box before deciding the goods?
Tsumugi: Is that weird?
Shuuji: Don't most people buy these to tidy up the stuff they've already bought?
Tsumugi: Well, you haven't decided the goods you'll get, either.
Shuuji: Hm? Oh, I figured I'd decide while I'm looking.
Tsumugi: Right? That's what shopping's all about.
*I was just making an excuse.*
*But I think I've heard something like that on TV before.*
*Boys go shopping when they've already decided to buy something. Girls go shopping to look for something to buy.*
*Shiiba-san fits right into that second mold.*
Tsumugi: Ah, but I guess the things in this shop might be too cutesy for guys.
Shuuji: I just wanna learn more about the kind of stuff you like.
*Christmas is coming up soon, and it's useful to learn these things for the long-term.*
*And more than anything, Shiiba-san's glistening eyes are highly soothing.*
Tsumugi: But you're buying stuff for your home, aren't you?
Shuuji: W-Well, my place only has a couple of guys living in it. Having a girl's perspective would actually be a big help.
Shuuji: I actually brought you here to get your opinion.
Tsumugi: Huh... Is that so?
Shuuji: Yeah. And you never know, you might spot something you like yourself.
Shuuji: Besides, I think that bunny Santa is pretty cool, personally.
Tsumugi: Hehe, I know, right?! Oh, are these things leftover from Halloween? They have jack-o'-lanterns!
Shuuji: So they do. That brings back memories.
Shuuji: Mostly of you in your Halloween costume.
Tsumugi: Ehehe, yeah... You arranged the whole thing for me.
Tsumugi: I'm sure I'll remember that every Halloween from now on.
Shuuji: You think?
Tsumugi: Yeah... I kind of want this, but I wouldn't be able to use it until next year.
Shuuji: Maybe you could dress up as Santa with a jack-o-lantern for Christmas.
Tsumugi: Ahaha, I could! I'd definitely buy that costume if it existed!
*Just what I wanted to hear.*
*If she does it might make a good present.*
*I doubt I'd find much else that's this perfect.*
*After hanging around that store for a while, we end up leaving without buying anything.*
Shuuji: Hey, Shiiba-san. Wanna go look at that clothes store next?
Tsumugi: Huh? But it's a girls' clothing store.
Shuuji: Yeah, but I thought you might like it.
*Shiiba-san smiles at me.*
Tsumugi: Yeah, I do.
*My heart skips a beat.*
Tsumugi: Would you mind if we took a quick look?
Shuuji: Not at all.
*That smile was the whole reason I invited her here.*
*Shiiba-san presses up against the window, a long sigh of admiration leaking from her lips.*
Tsumugi: Wooooow!
Shuuji: Wanna go inside? You might see some other stuff you like.
Tsumugi: Hmmm... I don't think I should.
Tsumugi: I wouldn't want to start feeling sick inside the store.
Shuuji: Wait, that can happen?
Tsumugi: It can if I touch them.
Tsumugi: Once I'm free of my contract, I'll get to wear and do whatever I want.
Tsumugi: So I can have fun just imagining it for now.
Shuuji: I see...
*Have I said something I shouldn't have?*
*Having something you love but being forced to only ever look at it without even being able to touch it sounds like torture.*
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun, were you pitying me just now?
Shuuji: N-Not really. I was just thinking how rough you have it.
Tsumugi: Really? It's probably not as bad as you're thinking.
Tsumugi: Alright, now I'm getting pumped up all over again to end that contract.
Shuuji: Wow... You're so strong.
Tsumugi: Huh?
Shuuji: I really admire how proactive you are.
Tsumugi: I can be pretty hesitant too though, you know?
Shuuji: If I could think like you do, the hole in my heart would be filled in no time.
Shuuji: And then I could help you out of your contract even faster.
Tsumugi: Hehe, maybe.
Tsumugi: You better hurry up and fill in that hole so we can make my dreams come true too.
Shuuji: Haha, that's a big responsibility.
Shuuji: Anyway, you really do love cute clothes, huh? I remember you saying that you were obsessed with them.
Tsumugi: Yeah, and then you doubled over with laughter even though you promised you wouldn't.
Shuuji: Ugh, I've learned my lesson.
Shuuji: I just never could have imagined that was how you ended up in this situation.
Tsumugi: Hehehe. Well, as long as you've learned your lesson.
Tsumugi: Actually, I used to dress like a boy when I was little too.
Shuuji: Huh? Why's that?
Tsumugi: My mom and dad made me. Oh, not in an abusive way or anything, though.
Shuuji: Yeah, I figured as much.
*Every family is different, so it would be rude of me to dig too deep.*
*But... that's still a strange thing for parents to do.*
Tsumugi: At the start, I didn't care.
Tsumugi: But then I gradually started to feel that something was off.
Tsumugi: But I still couldn't just suddenly change things. Wearing a skirt felt too cutesy, and it was embarrassing.
Tsumugi: I mean, don't you think it's weird if someone changes too suddenly?
Shuuji: I guess. I guess you really do have a hesitant side to you.
Tsumugi: Hehehe. Told you so.
Tsumugi: But the desire to dress like a girl kept bubbling up inside me.
Tsumugi: So one day, I just said to heck with it, and completely changed my image.
*I suppose it's very much like her to wait until the last minute before resolutely doing something.*
Tsumugi: So then I got a part-time job to save up money while I browsed magazines, websites and various shops.
Tsumugi: At long last, I found the perfect outfit and decided to buy it.
Shuuji: Is that the part you told me before?
Tsumugi: Ahaha, yeah... In the end I bought the clothes, but I wasn't able to wear them.
Tsumugi: And this was after I'd already told all my friends that I was going to change my image.
Tsumugi: I had to continue dressing like a guy, and I couldn't explain anything.
Tsumugi: I was really depressed back then.
Shuuji: Did you hate Akagi for that?
Tsumugi: Huh? Why would I?
Shuuji: I dunno. A lot has gone on between you two, but you seem to get along pretty well now.
*For some reason, probably because of all the hell she's put me through, I still can't see Akagi in an entirely good light.*
Tsumugi: I did regret becoming a witch a little, but it's not all that bad.
Tsumugi: That's what led to me meeting you and everyone at the OC.
Tsumugi: And you know, Akagi isn't in a great situation here either.
Shuuji: You think?
Tsumugi: I mean, if she searched for someone who had an actual serious problem, she could have gotten them to work much harder.
Tsumugi: Then she'd be able to get way more fragments per person.
Shuuji: Right. So the compensation you're paying is only so high because of the interest?
Tsumugi: Yeah. I was so disappointed when I learned I missed out on those clothes, I actually started crying.
Tsumugi: It's a silly thing to cry about, so I tried to hide it at first.
Tsumugi: But she noticed, and that's why she called out to me.
Shuuji: You mean Akagi?
Tsumugi: Yeah. Also, think about this.
Tsumugi: Akagi's always making fun of humans.
Tsumugi: But if she really hated us, she wouldn't be collecting fragments to become one, would she?
Shuuji: Ah, yeah, now that you mention it...
Tsumugi: There must be a reason that Akagi became an alp.
*Just like there's a reason that Shiiba-san is so obsessed with girly clothing.*
*Something must have happened, possibly long ago, to make things turn out this way.*
Shuuji: You think she's just a tsundere?
Tsumugi: Hehehe, maybe. She's definitely not honest.
Tsumugi: But that's the same as you.
Shuuji: Is it?
Tsumugi: Well, you were lying when you said you wanted to go shopping, weren't you?
Shuuji: What?! H-How'd you know?
Tsumugi: I knew it! You were so suspicious.
Tsumugi: We kept passing by shops that guys would like, and only stopping at the ones I would.
*I was way too obvious.*
Shuuji: I just wanted you to have some fun.
Tsumugi: You were saying stuff like that yesterday too.
Shuuji: Because you're helping me out, and I'm doing nothing in return.
Tsumugi: Huh? I don't think that's true... Do you really feel that way?
Shuuji: Y-Yeah.
Tsumugi: Okay. Then let's go back to the last store.
*We head back to the store we saw the bunny Santa box in.*
Tsumugi: I think this is cute.
Shuuji: The mug? Not the accessory box?
*The same character is printed on it.*
Tsumugi: Yeah. I saw it earlier but didn't say anything about it.
Tsumugi: If you don't mind... I'd be happy if you bought this for me.
Shuuji: I-I'd be delighted to!
*Fortunately, my war chest is plenty full.*
*I never thought a girl asking me for something could make me so happy.*
*Though, a part of me wonders if she didn't pick the accessory box because of how much more expensive it is.*
Shuuji: Wait, why did you come to the register with me?
Tsumugi: Oh, uh, it doesn't matter! Just hurry up and pay.
*Shiiba-san's hiding an item from the store by burying it in her chest.*
*I don't know what she's buying, but I'm jealous of whatever it is.*
*I find out what it is soon after paying.*
Tsumugi: Okay, there... This is for you, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Huh? This is the same mug I bought... but in a different color.
*I've already handed the one I bought over to Shiiba-san.*
*That one was pink, but the one I'm holding is a sky blue.*
Shuuji: So did we just buy... matching mugs?!
Tsumugi: I-I guess you could say that. N-Now you have one you can use at home.
Tsumugi: Though, I'd like it if you didn't tell your dad or anyone at school about our matching mugs.
Tsumugi: It'd make me happy... if we could have this secret just between the two of us...
Shuuji: Y-Yeah... Sure.
Tsumugi: Ehehe. Treat it carefully now. I'll be mad if you break it!
Shuuji: I won't! I-I could... never break a gift from you.
Tsumugi: O-Oh, really? I-I couldn't break a gift from you either.
Tsumugi: Ehehehe.
*Ahh, I just keep falling for her more and more.*
*I still haven't really done anything for her, though.*
*Why is this so hard?*
*It's almost dusk by the time we get off the train.*
Shuuji: I'll see you home.
Tsumugi: Huh? Are you sure...?
Shuuji: It's dark already. It'll be safer this way.
*I at least want to do this much for her.*
Shuuji: And... I'd like to be with you a bit more.
Tsumugi: Yeah, me too.
*Then, just as we're heading through an alleyway.*
Puppy: *whimper* *whimper*
Tsumugi: Huh?
*We spot a bundle of cloth wriggling about.*
Tsumugi: Aaah! It's a puppy! It's so cute and fluffy!
Shuuji: What's it doing here?
Shuuji: That cloth looks like dog clothing, but it's too big... For a larger dog, I guess?
*It's way too big for a puppy to wear, that's for sure.*
Tsumugi: Maybe it belonged to its mom?
Shuuji: She'd be close by if it did.
*I don't see its mother anywhere.*
Shuuji: Do you think someone abandoned him?
Puppy: Woof!
Shuuji: Whoa, what?!
*It suddenly jumps out of Shiiba-san's arms, right at me.*
Shuuji: Hey, don't sniff my scarf! You're slobbering all over it!
Tsumugi: Hehehe. It seems he's taken a liking to you.
Shuuji: Normally, you see the animal taking a liking to the girl in these situations...
Shuuji: Anyway, we should look for the owner. We can't just leave a small puppy out here in the cold.
Tsumugi: ...Yeah.
*Shiiba-san looks rather concerned about this.*
Tsumugi: He doesn't have a collar, though.
Shuuji: ...He's small, so maybe he might not have been given one yet.
Shuuji: He wasn't in the stereotypical cardboard box you normally see abandoned puppies in. Maybe he wasn't really abandoned.
Tsumugi: I hope not... Why do you think he has these dog clothes?
Tsumugi: Maybe he went inside them because they smelled like his mom and then got left behind?
Shuuji: Well...
*It's possible.*
*Honestly, I'm all out of ideas.*
Shuuji: Anyway, could you look after him in the meanwhile?
Tsumugi: Huh? S-Sorry, but pets are prohibited at my building.
Tsumugi: He seems to like you, though. Couldn't you look after him?
Shuuji: But there's no one at my place during the day.
Shuuji: I can't leave a small puppy alone all day long.
*However, it's already quite dark out, and the dog's owner is nowhere to be seen.*
Shuuji: We need to find someone to look after him while we look for the owner.
Tsumugi: Do you have anyone in mind? Ayachi-san lives in an apartment, so she's no good.
Tsumugi: What about Inaba-san or Togakushi-senpai?
Shuuji: Hmm, someone from the OC... No, wait.
*There's that girl who came in for a consultation the other day. Atsuma-san, was it...? *
*She spent her whole life with a dog, so she probably likes animals.*
*She did seem pretty depressed, though. I wonder if she'd want to do this?*
Tsumugi: Have you thought of someone?
Shuuji: Yeah. Dunno if they'll agree to it, but it's worth a shot.
*I call up Ayachi-san and ask her for Atsuma-san's phone number.*
Tsumugi: ...You think she'll come?
Shuuji: I dunno, but something tells me she won't want to leave an abandoned puppy alone.
*Ayachi-san and I hadn't planned on telling Shiiba-san about this.*
*But given the circumstances, I had to explain.*
*Right as I finish, I spot a familiar student walking towards our lamppost.*
Shuuji: Great, you came. Atsuma-san, right?
Atsuma: Yes, and you... were in the OC room, right?
Shuuji: Yeah. Sorry for calling you all of a sudden. I'm Hoshina, and this is Shiiba.
Tsumugi: Nice to meet you.
Atsuma: ...So the puppy you're holding is the one you mentioned?
Shuuji: Yeah. We haven't been able to find its owner...
Shuuji: So we were hoping you'd look after him in the meantime. It'd be a huge help.
Atsuma: ......
*Atsuma-san peers into the puppy's face in silence.*
Atsuma: He's cute.
Shuuji: Right? So...
Atsuma: I'm sorry, but I can't... I don't think I'm ready to take another dog home.
Atsuma: It would only make me remember Kojiro.
*Kojiro? Was that her dog's name?*
Atsuma: I loved him so much... But all I could do in his final days was watch as he struggled to breathe...
Atsuma: I couldn't do anything... I loved him so much, but there was nothing I could do for him!
Tsumugi: Atsuma-san...
*Atsuma-san's shoulders begin to tremble.*
Atsuma: So I'm sorry, but I don't think I can care for a dog ever again...
Puppy: *whimper* *whimper*
*The puppy pokes its head out of my arms and licks Atsuma-san on the cheek.*
Atsuma: S-Stop that. I can't deal with you being nice to me.
Atsuma: Kojiro used to do that too!
Puppy: *whimper*?
*She really loves dogs, and I think this puppy can tell.*
Shuuji: Atsuma-san, I don't know what kind of bond you had with Kojiro.
Shuuji: But this puppy right here is in need of help.
Atsuma: I can't do it.
Shuuji: You came here though, didn't you?
Shuuji: You heard that there was an abandoned puppy and couldn't bring yourself to ignore that.
Atsuma: I hadn't decided anything though.
Shuuji: Right. But all I'm asking is for you to take care of him for a little while.
Shuuji: I just need somebody to help out this poor lost dog. It won't be for long.
Atsuma: ~~!
*For a while, Atsuma-san and the puppy stare at each other in silence.*
Atsuma: Are you telling me to do for this puppy... what I couldn't do for Kojiro?
Shuuji: You don't have to go that far.
Shuuji: I just get the feeling that you can't ignore a puppy in need.
Atsuma: Yeah... I can't believe someone could abandon this adorable little guy.
*Atsuma-san opens up her arms, and the dog jumps straight over to her.*
Tsumugi: Wow, it's like he can tell what kind of person you are.
Shuuji: He's a smart one.
Atsuma: Hah, I dunno. But... he's so warm.
Atsuma: I'll need to make sure he doesn't catch a cold out here.
Shuuji: Thank you so much.
*Atsuma-san walks off with the puppy carefully tucked away in her arms.*
Tsumugi: This worked out great.
Shuuji: Yeah, for now, at least.
Shuuji: I hope this takes Atsuma-san in the right direction.
Tsumugi: I'm sure she'll be fine.
Shuuji: Sorry for making you stick around for this. I'll see you the rest of the way home.
Tsumugi: No, don't worry.
Tsumugi: I know you're just kind to everyone.
Shuuji: Huh? I am?
Tsumugi: Yeah, aren't you? I think you are.
Shuuji: Not as much as you are.
Tsumugi: Huh? You're way kinder.
Tsumugi: Like, how you were with the dog, and how you've been doing things for me all day.
Shuuji: Well, you nursed me back to health when I got a cold without even complaining once.
Shuuji: And then you agreed to go on a date with me to make sure I wouldn't collapse again.
Tsumugi: Wh-What are you saying?
Shuuji: Huh? That's what you said, isn't it?
Tsumugi: Do you think I'd agree to go out with anyone in trouble?
Shuuji: Th-That's not what I meant...
*Shit, I really screwed up here.*
Tsumugi: ......
Shuuji: ......
*An awkward silence descends on us.*
*Dammit. Everything was going so well, too. Should I just apologize?*
Shuuji: U-Umm, Shiiba-san... Huh?
Tsumugi: ~~!
*Shiiba-san abruptly grabs my hand.*
Tsumugi: ......
Shuuji: ......
*We walk a while in silence, hand in hand.*
*This time, it feels completely different.*
Tsumugi: U-Umm, so I guess I did say something like that.
Shuuji: R-Right.
Tsumugi: But, umm... You know, with real feelings...
Tsumugi: It always takes a lot of courage to state them out loud.
Shuuji: ...Y-Yeah.
Tsumugi: So, I didn't mean to lie or make an excuse... It just came out a little differently from how I actually feel.
Tsumugi: I couldn't help myself.
*My relationship with Shiiba-san has been improving in a good way. But we're still not actually a couple.*
*I still haven't told her how I really feel, either.*
*At last, we come to our split in the road.*
*If we keep going forward, it'll be less than a minute before we have to go our separate ways.*
Tsumugi: Hey, can we take a short detour?
Shuuji: Sure, but aren't you worried about your parents?
*I've kept their daughter out really late today.*
Tsumugi: Yeah, so just a short one.
Shuuji: Gotcha.
*I still want to be with her.*
*Even if it's just for a short detour, being with her makes me happy.*
Tsumugi: You'll use the mug, won't you? I'm gonna use mine right away.
Tsumugi: While thinking about you.
Shuuji: I will too... while thinking about you.
*I'm sure she already knows how I feel.*
*Which means that I really need to tell her already.*
Shuuji: Hey, Shiiba-san... There's something I'd like to talk about, after our date.
Tsumugi: Yeah, me too.
Tsumugi: There's something I have to tell you.
*We can't look each other in the eyes.*
*Still, a bittersweet feeling pours over me.*
*I'm sure this feeling isn't mine alone. I have to do even more for her, to show her how much I care.*
*And so her dream can finally be granted...*
================================================================================
Shuuji: Hello, Atsuma-san.
Atsuma: Oh, it's the guy from the OC... And Ayachi-san as well?
Nene: Yes. I wish to apologize for giving him your contact information without asking.
Atsuma: It was a little surprising, but it's fine.
*I've come to check up on our consultee with Ayachi-san, just in case.*
*We caught Atsuma-san in the middle of sticking fliers to a bulletin board in the corridor.*
Nene: What are these fliers? Are you looking for the owner of the lost dog?
Atsuma: Yeah. I wanted to gather some information. I've included a photo of him, as well as a description of what he's like and where he was found.
Shuuji: Whoa! You made this already?
*I was planning to do this myself, but it looks like she already did all the work for me.*
Atsuma: If he was just lost and not abandoned, then the owner must be really worried.
Atsuma: So I haven't given him a name yet or anything.
Nene: I see. That makes sense.
Shuuji: I hope we can find the owner. And that they're a good person.
Atsuma: Me too. Though really, I knew it was a mistake to go along with your suggestion and take him home.
Atsuma: He wouldn't leave me alone from the moment we walked through the door. He even crawled into bed with me.
Atsuma: He's become really attached to me.
Shuuji: Haha, I'm sorry.
Nene: What are you planning on doing if we can't find his owner?
Atsuma: ...I'm not thinking about that right now.
Atsuma: I'm still not sure if I'm ready to raise another dog yet.
*Atsuma-san smiles derisively at herself before heading down the stairs.*
*She's probably going to put fliers up on the boards downstairs too.*
*I guess it'll take a while for her to recover from her grief.*
Nene: Thank goodness. Her mood seems to be improving a little.
Shuuji: You think? I was just thinking that this still might take a while.
Shuuji: Actually, I'm worried that I might have done something I shouldn't have.
Nene: I think it's fine.
Nene: As long as she's heading in the right direction, it doesn't matter how long it takes.
Shuuji: You think so?
Nene: I do. She was telling me the other day how she had a hard time focusing in class.
Nene: But now she's motivated enough to go around pinning up fliers.
Shuuji: Yeah, that's a good point.
Shuuji: You sure you want to be doing this though? You're probably not going to get any fragments from it.
Nene: Getting fragments from people isn't the only reason I help them.
Shuuji: I know, but you haven't been all that active lately.
*Whenever a chance comes up, she just gives it to Shiiba-san, saying that she's almost done herself.*
Nene: There just haven't been any good opportunities.
Nene: And there's only a little left, so there's no need to rush.
Shuuji: Well, if you say so.
Nene: In any case, please leave Atsuma-san to me from here on.
Nene: We don't know for sure that we won't be able to retrieve fragments from her.
Shuuji: Yeah, okay.
*With that, Ayachi-san and I part ways.*
*As I'm walking down the hallway, I notice a massive raven perched on a nearby windowsill.*
Shuuji: Akagi, you can come out now.
*I head into the courtyard and call out.*
*This time, I'm actually talking to her by choice.*
Akagi: Have you finally agreed to accept the transaction?
Shuuji: All I have to do is shoulder her debt for twenty hours in order to get her two hours off, correct?
Akagi: And we can defer the payment with no interest attached.
Akagi: Interest wouldn't make much of a difference for such a small sum.
*Shiiba-san's biggest worry is that she can't dress like a girl.*
*If I want to do something for her, something in return for what she's done for me, then this is my only option.*
*I can give her a date where she can actually dress as a girl.*
*This is one of her dreams too. I'm sure of it.*
Akagi: Then allow me to―
Shuuji: Wait, could I ask you something first?
Akagi: What? I've heard that you are going to the amusement park in two days' time, on Sunday.
Akagi: You've run out of time to make up your mind with.
Shuuji: I still don't know whether I can trust you or not.
Shuuji: So I want to ask, why is it you wish to become human?
Akagi: What was that?
Shuuji: You don't seem to like humans very much.
Shuuji: I find it strange that you want to become one so badly.
*Shiiba-san said she's just hiding her true feelings.*
*But I don't know if that's really the case.*
*If she declines to answer or has a malicious reason, I won't go ahead with this.*
Akagi: Humans are able to live freely.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
*She answers surprisingly readily. And just as surprising is the answer itself.*
Akagi: What are you doing gawking at an answer to your own question?
Shuuji: W-Well, I mean... you seem pretty free yourself.
Akagi: Humph, you humans think birds are just able to fly wherever they please.
Shuuji: Are we wrong?
Akagi: Of course. We'll be attacked if we enter another flock's territory without permission.
Akagi: And doing anything that would disrupt the harmony of your own flock is prohibited.
Shuuji: Yeah, that makes sense.
*Even the animal kingdom has certain kinds of rules that must be followed.*
Akagi: And I'm not just any old raven.
Akagi: I'm what's known as a northern raven, a respectable bird of passage.
Shuuji: So you look different from other ravens?
Akagi: Originally, I only came to this island in the winter.
Akagi: The other seasons I spent further up north.
Akagi: My life revolved around having to move every time the seasons changed, with no say in the matter.
Akagi: But humans are different.
Akagi: They don't have to go anywhere. They can live where and how they want.
Akagi: I want the freedom to not have to go anywhere.
*Humans do get to choose the place they live in, to some extent.*
*But humans aren't all that free.*
*We have rules and responsibilities to abide by too.*
Shuuji: So you want the freedom to stay put, huh?
Shuuji: It's kind of a weird objective.
Akagi: Kuku, you humans wouldn't understand... You see, long ago, I had a human friend.
Akagi: He was a young male.
Akagi: His nest was pure white and smelled of antiseptic.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Akagi: By nature, you humans despise us ravens.
Akagi: You set up devices to keep us away from food and chase us off if we venture too near.
Akagi: This isn't the reason I liked him, but this male wasn't like that.
Akagi: He treated me like any other bird. He gave me food. Bread crumbs, typically―likely from his own food.
Akagi: Eventually, stopping by his windowsill to have a chat became a habit of mine.
*Lost in her fond memories, Akagi smiles happily.*
*I never knew she had this side to her.*
Akagi: I didn't exactly understand human language back then.
Akagi: He said he had to go for an "opar-ay-shun"... An operation.
Akagi: He was nervous about that, but he was able to calm down whenever we talked.
*So that white nest she was talking about was a hospital.*
Shuuji: What happened to him?
Akagi: I do not know.
Shuuji: Huh?
Akagi: His parents said I was a bad omen and chased me away.
Akagi: After that, his curtains remained drawn for a time, preventing me from seeing within.
Akagi: Every so often, I would tap twice on the window with my beak to show that I was there.
Akagi: And each time, there would be two knocks in return.
Akagi: At first, I was happy.
Akagi: But little by little, those knocks grew weaker.
Akagi: And then eventually, the reply to my taps came no more.
Shuuji: ......
Akagi: But still, I continued tapping on that window every day.
Akagi: Eventually, the winter ended, and it became time for my seasonal migration. Spring here is much too warm for a Northern raven.
Akagi: If I was too late in joining with my flock, I would never again be allowed back in.
Akagi: I was beset with worry over why his replies had ceased.
Akagi: But the day came for me to fly away.
Akagi: I didn't just tap twice this time, but over and over. I was intent on doing so until I finally got my reply.
Akagi: And in the end, I did.
Akagi: The curtains opened, but behind them was another person.
Akagi: A human female in white clothing.
Akagi: She must have received orders to pass on a message, as she said to me, "I'll see you again next Christmas."
Akagi: Those words were what gave me the heart to take flight.
Akagi: But the next year and the year after that, he was nowhere to be seen upon my return.
Akagi: And so that has continued until now, fifty years later.
Akagi: I've flown there year after year, but he has yet to show any sign of fulfilling our promise!
Shuuji: B-But...
Akagi: Perhaps he just flew off somewhere and didn't know how to make it back?
Akagi: Regardless, if I can become human, then I'll never have humans chase me away again.
Akagi: I'll look for him, and when I find him, I'll give him a piece of my mind!
Akagi: That's all I have left.
*Akagi still has a large part of her animalistic side to her.*
*...Does she not even realize what happened?*
*Why she's never seen that boy again?*
*And even if he is alive, it's been fifty years...*
*It wouldn't be easy to find him now.*
Akagi: This is why I must become human.
Akagi: Human lifespans are fleeting. I cannot allow everything I have done so far go to waste.
Akagi: Which is why I need to move things along and gain heart power more swiftly.
Akagi: Boy, if you succeed with your end of the bargain, I will be able to gain a large amount of heart power.
Akagi: Tsumugi will be able to dress as a female temporarily, long enough to enjoy her date with you.
Akagi: Everyone wins. Not a bad deal, if I do say so myself.
Shuuji: ...Yeah.
*I guess Shiiba-san was right.*
*Akagi can be stupid and selfish, but she's not a bad person.*
Shuuji: Okay. I'll accept this transaction. And then both of us will enjoy our date to the fullest!
Akagi: Heh, you should have said that to begin with.
Akagi: Let us make this official.
*Akagi holds her hand out to me.*
*I cast aside my anxieties and take it.*
Shuuji: Whoa?! Wh-What's this?
Akagi: Proof of our contract.
Akagi: Did you think I was offering a mere shaking of our hands?
Shuuji: N-No, of course not...
*Gah. And here I was thinking that maybe we could get along.*
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kuuun! Huh? You're with Akagi?
*Shiiba-san shows up with perfect timing.*
Shuuji: Y-Yeah. Something up, Shiiba-san?
Tsumugi: Yeah. I've been worried about Atsuma-san.
Tsumugi: You went to see her with Ayachi-san, right?
Shuuji: I did. It looks like she'll be fine.
Shuuji: I doubt we'll get any heart fragments from her, but she seems much better.
Tsumugi: Yeah? That's great.
Akagi: More importantly, Tsumugi dear.
Akagi: On your special date you may spend two hours, and two hours only, in female clothing.
Tsumugi: Wait, whaaat?! I-I can?!
Akagi: The fragments the boy absorbed have been coming back gradually, but it is too slow for my liking.
Akagi: I was just scolding him for that, was I not?
Shuuji: Y-Yeah, she was.
*It seems she plans on keeping our transaction hidden from Shiiba-san.*
Akagi: This may be the chance to regain the rest all at once.
Akagi: As long as he gets to see you at your cutest.
Tsumugi: B-But... how is it that my witch's compensation is being stopped for two hours?
Tsumugi: There's nothing shady going on, is there? I'm not gonna have a huge amount of interest to pay later or anything?
Akagi: Worry not. These are special circumstances.
Akagi: As long as we can fill the hole in the boy's heart, this endeavor will be more than profitable for me.
Akagi: Think of it as an investment on my part.
Tsumugi: Akagi...
Shuuji: W-Well, isn't this great? Since you have this chance...
Shuuji: Why not wear those clothes you bought but could never wear?
Shuuji: I'm really looking forward to seeing you in them.
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun... Yeah!
Tsumugi: Thank you, Akagi!
Akagi: Wah?! H-Hey, Tsumugi, do not embrace me so abruptly!
Tsumugi: But, but I mean, I had already given up!
Tsumugi: But now I get to go on the perfect date, the one I've always dreamed of. Thank you! Thank you so much, Akagi!
Akagi: Y-Yeah, you're welcome...
Akagi: I'm doing something special for you, but this is a one-time thing, got it?
Tsumugi: Yeah, I got it. Still though, thank you so much.
*You know, I'm the one who's paying for this.*
*But I'm just happy seeing how excited she is about this.*
*I'll just have to endure twenty hours of compensation myself.*
Akagi: Okay, okay. Get off me already. It's time I take my leave.
Akagi: It'd suspicious if you were seen with an outsider here, would it not?
Tsumugi: Ah, right.
Akagi: Boy, take care of Tsumugi for me.
Shuuji: Y-Yeah, you got it.
*Akagi gives me a somewhat satisfied smile before returning to her raven form and flying away.*
*Perhaps, by some small chance...*
*Akagi went into this deal with a genuine desire to make Shiiba-san happy... Nah, I don't think I can give her that much credit.*
Tsumugi: Hehehe, hooray! I'm so looking forward to our date! Ehehehe.
Shuuji: Haha, Shiiba-san, you have the biggest smile on your face right now.
Shuuji: I wish I had a mirror to show you.
Tsumugi: Oh, come on. I can't help it. I was actually kinda worried about this.
Tsumugi: Sunday is going to be a really special day for me.
Tsumugi: But... I was worried that, with everything being the same as normal, I might not have been able to show you how I truly feel.
Shuuji: It would have been fine.
Tsumugi: It wouldn't... I can be pretty selfish, you know?
Tsumugi: If I had 100 feelings, I'd want you to understand all 100 of them.
Tsumugi: If you only knew 90... no, even 99, I wouldn't have been satisfied.
Tsumugi: But we don't have to worry about that anymore, do we?
Shuuji: Yeah. We may only have two hours, but they're going to be an unforgettable two hours.
Tsumugi: Hehehe, I kinda feel like Cinderella.
Tsumugi: I've always wanted to be like a fairy-tale princess. It seems like so many wishes are going to come true on Sunday.
Tsumugi: ...You'll help make them come true, won't you?
Shuuji: Yeah. I'll do everything I can.
Shuuji: Well, I'm no Prince Charming, but I'll make sure we have the best date ever!
Tsumugi: ...Thank you.
*Shiiba-san hangs her head bashfully.*
Tsumugi: I'm so glad you asked me out.
Shuuji: And I'm glad you said yes.
*The date I've been waiting for is almost here.*
*And I'm now able to shoulder some of the burden from Shiiba-san's debt.*
*I'm brimming with pride.*
*I'm slightly worried that I'll manage to do something stupid.*
*But more than anything, I can't wait for this.*
*My suppressed feelings feel like they're about to explode out of me.*
================================================================================
*And so the day finally arrives.*
Shuuji: Holy shit, I'm so nervous...
*I haven't even met up with her yet and my heart already feels like it's about to burst.*
*I actually left home early and got here thirty minutes before we arranged to meet. I've been killing time for the past twenty minutes.*
*And all the while I've been having a miniature nervous breakdown.*
Shuuji: Calm down, Shuuji. Calm down...
*I'm planning to tell her how I feel after this date.*
*But before that, I'm planning on finally doing something I've wanted to do for a while now.*
*But to do that, I need to make sure this starts flawlessly.*
*We decided that we'd meet at the amusement park itself.*
*She'll only be free of her debt for two hours, so we want to make sure as much of that is spent on the date as possible.*
???: Sorry for the wait.
Shuuji: Oh no! I only just got here―Huh?
Shuuji: Oh, it's just you. Where's Shiiba-san?
Akagi: Just wait a little. Tsumugi is getting ready.
Akagi: She decided to change after getting here in order to maximize the time available for the date.
Shuuji: Wouldn't be much point in meeting here if she didn't.
Shuuji: But what are you doing here? I only gave a ticket to Shiiba-san.
Shuuji: How did you even get in?
Akagi: Boy, that's a stupid thing to ask. How do you think I got in here?
*Akagi points at the sky.*
Shuuji: ...That's what I thought.
Akagi: Oh, that's right. There is something I want to tell you.
Shuuji: What, right now?
Akagi: Yes, right now. Bend down and lend me your ear.
Shuuji: What? No. Can't you say it normally?
Akagi: No, I cannot. Come on, now. Bend over.
Shuuji: What the heck do you want? Ah!
*I notice in the corner of my eye someone walking toward us.*
*The outfit she's wearing is unlike any I've ever seen her in before, but I still immediately recognize her.*
*She approaches while staring at the ground for a while before finally looking up.*
*My heart skips a beat the moment our eyes meet.*
*My cheeks are burning up, and I can't take my eyes off her.*
Tsumugi: S-Sorry to keep you, Hoshina-kun... Have you waited long?
Shuuji: ~~!
*I expected today to be special.*
*I've been imagining how things would play out for a while.*
*But not even my most vivid fantasies came close to this.*
*I thought that her clothes would change little. I couldn't have been more wrong.*
Tsumugi: H-Hoshina-kun? Why aren't you...
Shuuji: You're so cute.
Tsumugi: Fweeh?
Shuuji: I... I told you I'd probably say that the moment I saw you, didn't I?
Tsumugi: D-Did you?
Shuuji: Yeah. And... I really mean it.
*Today is special because I'm not alone.*
*Today is special because Shiiba-san is here with me.*
*And the fact that she is able to dress up the occasion makes it all the more special.*
Shuuji: You look... s-so incredibly cute.
Tsumugi: Y-You normally... m-manage to speak more smoothly than this.
Tsumugi: It's enough to make me think that... y-you're actually serious.
Shuuji: Well, this is the most... Wait, no! I've always been serious about that.
Shuuji: It's just that... y-you're even cuter than usual.
Shuuji: I was left speechless for a moment, b-but I can tell how much this means to you... Y-You're like a princess.
Tsumugi: ~~~~!
*The two of us can no longer look each other in the eyes.*
*My face has grown hot enough that I wouldn't be surprised if steam is rising from my head.*
Tsumugi: A-And you're like a prince, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Tsumugi: I know you said that you were no Prince Charming... b-but I don't think that's true.
Tsumugi: You really are... l-like a prince.
Tsumugi: I never thought anyone would call me a p-princess.
Tsumugi: I-I'm so happy... Thank you!
Shuuji: Sh-Shiiba-sa―Wait...
*It's time to put my plan into action.*
*This is something I considered doing in class but decided it was too much.*
*It should be fine now, though. She'll probably be okay with this.*
Shuuji: Thank you for coming here, Ts... Tsumu... Tsumugi...
Tsumugi: Yes?
Shuuji: ...san.
Tsumugi: ......
Shuuji: Errm, is it awkward if I call you that? Tsumugi-san.
*I actually wanted to drop the honorific completely, but that's too embarrassing for me.*
*I scratch my completely itch-free scalp out of embarrassment.*
Tsumugi: Th-Then... Shuuji-kun.
Shuuji: Yes?
*Now it's my turn to stare blankly.*
Tsumugi: W-Well you just called me by my first name, right? So I thought I... could do the same with you, if that's okay, Shuuji-kun.
Shuuji: Yeah, of course. I'd love that.
Tsumugi: Heh... Ehehe, phew.
Tsumugi: You know how we've been looking at each other in class a lot lately?
Shuuji: Ugh, sorry.
Tsumugi: Why are you apologizing? It's because I keep looking at you.
Tsumugi: Well, that's because I've been... thinking about how I'd like to call you Shuuji-kun.
Shuuji: Huh?
Tsumugi: Ahaha, my head is always full of weird stuff like that.
Tsumugi: Before I realized it, I was just... always looking at you, even though we were in class.
Shuuji: W-Wait, Shii―Tsumugi-san, you were?
Tsumugi: Yeah. In my head... I kept on calling you Shuuji-kun, for practice.
Shuuji: Wait, so we were thinking the same thing?
Tsumugi: Huh? You were thinking the same? What?!
Shuuji: I was imagining... calling you Tsumugi-san.
Tsumugi: ...R-Really?
Shuuji: Yeah.
Tsumugi: Oh...
Shuuji: ......
Tsumugi: ......
*We both bashfully hang our heads.*
Tsumugi: Th-Then... Shuuji-kun?
Shuuji: Ts-Tsumugi-san?
Tsumugi: ~~~!
Shuuji: ~~!
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun!
Shuuji: Tsumugi-san!
Tsumugi: E-Ehehe, Shuuji-kun, Shuuji-kun, Shuuji-kun!
Shuuji: Ts-Tsumugi-san, Tsumugi-san, Tsumugi-san!
*Ahh, this is pure bliss, and all we're doing is calling each other by our first names.*
*I'm going to confess to her.*
*I swear it.*
*I'll give her all the love in the world and extend this bliss forever into the future.*
*I want to do this while Tsumugi-san is still able to dress as a girl.*
Akagi: ...Hey, did you two forget I was here?!
Shuuji: Wh-Whoa?! Y-You're still here, Akagi?
Tsumugi: I-I didn't forget! I just... couldn't see anything but Shuuji-kun for a bit.
Akagi: Good grief. This lovey-dovey nonsense is enough to give me goosebumps.
Tsumugi: D-Don't birds technically always have goosebumps?
Akagi: Hehe. Now, boy, we were in the middle of something. Bend over.
Shuuji: No. This is way too embarrassing.
Akagi: As if that conversation just now wasn't!
*Akagi yanks my head down to hers.*
Tsumugi: ......
Akagi: If you want an extension, just say so.
Shuuji: ...What do you mean?
Akagi: The wish for things to continue longer is common in both males and females.
Akagi: However, I will of course require additional compensation for any extension.
*I see. She can do that, huh?*
*I don't know what kind of price I'll have to pay yet.*
*I'm hiding this from Tsumugi-san already. I don't think I can afford to go further.*
Shuuji: Don't worry. We'll finish up within the two hours.
Akagi: Really? Well, you can always let me know if you change your mind.
Akagi: Just call for me in your heart, and I'll hear it.
Shuuji: ...That's some magic you've got, there.
Tsumugi: Sh-Sheesh, how long are you two gonna talk for? You're way too close!
*Tsumugi-san tugs on my arm.*
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun, you're my date today.
Shuuji: Y-Yeah, sorry.
Shuuji: Were we talking for that long?
Tsumugi: N-Not really, but... That's not fair of you, Akagi.
Tsumugi: I haven't gotten to talk to Shuuji-kun from s-so close yet.
Akagi: Oh? You haven't?
Akagi: Well, as long as you have fun, that's fine by me.
Tsumugi: ...Akagi?
Akagi: You two have a time limit of two hours.
Akagi: Do you plan on spending it loitering around here? Well?
Tsumugi: Ahh, r-right!
*She's really trying to sell that extension, huh?*
*Either way, we have a time limit. That's for certain.*
Shuuji: Okay, Tsumugi-san... Huh?
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun... huh?
*I hold out my hand to Tsumugi-san, and she does the same to me.*
Shuuji: Hahaha.
Tsumugi: Ehehe... Sh-Shall we go, then?
*We walk off hand-in-hand.*
*Akagi has already disappeared.*
Tsumugi: Well, Shuuji-kun, what should our first ride be?
Shuuji: Well, it's an amusement park, so it's gotta be the roller coaster, right?
Tsumugi: You think? The line for it is really long.
Shuuji: Geh, a forty minute wait?
Tsumugi: If we ride this, that'll be almost half our time gone...
Shuuji: Hmm, this isn't gonna work.
Tsumugi: It's fine. I'm not really into the more intense rides.
Shuuji: You're not?
*She'd agreed to go on a date at an amusement park, so I figured that she'd like them.*
Shuuji: Oh, that one doesn't have much of a line.
Tsumugi: Huh? Th-The haunted house?!
Shuuji: Don't like them?
Tsumugi: I-I'm really not good with scary stuff! I always keep my eyes shut all the way through horror movies.
Shuuji: Hahaha, that's kinda cute.
Tsumugi: Sheesh, well... If you insist, we can go.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Tsumugi: "Huh," what?
Shuuji: Now that I think about it, I'm not too good with scary stuff either.
Tsumugi: Then why did you suggest it?
Shuuji: Felt like a standard thing for dates.
Tsumugi: Hehehe, it would have been fun if I'd been the confident one and you were getting all scared.
Shuuji: Haha, so you're not into screaming rides or horror stuff?
Shuuji: Aren't those the basics of an amusement park?
Tsumugi: Yeah, but they're a standard location for dates.
Shuuji: So, are you not into amusement parks normally, then?
Tsumugi: No, I am. But I like things like that.
*Tsumugi-san points at a merry-go-round.*
Tsumugi: Come on, Shuuji-kun! Let's go take a look.
*She pulls me over by the hand.*
*Tsumugi-san's eyes glisten as she stares at the merry-go-round across the fence.*
Shuuji: Huh? Aren't we gonna ride it?
Tsumugi: Yeah, later. Look at that!
Tsumugi: Look Shuuji-kun, the little kid is waving at us!
*We both give him a small wave back.*
*Soon enough, the other riders start waving at us, even though we don't know each other.*
*This would never normally happen in everyday life.*
*But being at an amusement park changes things. Freed of the shackles of normality, we're free to smile at anyone and everyone.*
Tsumugi: I like how much fun everyone has at amusement parks.
Shuuji: ...Same.
Shuuji: I guess coming here opens people's hearts.
Tsumugi: Hehe. Well, there's no point in coming if you're not gonna have fun.
Shuuji: Should we ride it too then? Or do you wanna look around a bit?
Tsumugi: Hmm, let's see...
*At this point, some small children come running over to us.*
Child A: Dad, Mom, hurry!
*It seems like they're siblings.*
*Some adults are happily chasing after them.*
*Now that I take a good look, almost everyone here is with their family.*
Tsumugi: I think we should let the kids have the merry-go-round.
Shuuji: I guess. What about that then? It's similar enough.
Tsumugi: Wow, the coffee cups! They still have these? This takes me back.
*The coffee cups are mainly for children too, but there are more adults around than at the merry-go-round.*
*Seems they popular among couples, since you get to ride in them together.*
*I'm seeing a lot of other couples around, just like us.*
Shuuji: I-I think it's fine for us to ride this.
Tsumugi: Y-Yeah. There are a lot of couples here. I never noticed that when I was younger.
Tsumugi: Hey, Shuuji-kun, do you think that... we look like a couple too?
*Tsumugi-san tightens her grip on my hand.*
Tsumugi: I hope we do.
Shuuji: ...So do I.
Shuuji: C'mon, looks like it's our turn.
Tsumugi: Wow! Hehehe, I didn't think it'd be this fast. Ahahaha.
Shuuji: Hahaha, should I speed it up more? All I have to do is spin this, right?
*Our hands are on top of one another's as we hold the handle in the center.*
Tsumugi: Don't! If it goes any faster, I won't be able to see your face.
Shuuji: Oh, I don't want to lose sight of you...
Shuuji: Wait, whoa! We're going the other way!
Tsumugi: Ahahaha, why is this so much fun? All we're doing is spinning!
Shuuji: Well, that's because...
*It's now my turn to squeeze down on Tsumugi-san's hand.*
Tsumugi: Hehehe, how bold of you, Shuuji-kun.
Shuuji: Huh? But you squeezed my hand earlier.
Tsumugi: Yeah, but now we're spinning. It's kinda like we're dancing the waltz.
Tsumugi: ...I really do feel like a princess.
Shuuji: Yeah... And you really look the part.
Shuuji: I can't believe I get to go on a date with a bona fide princess. What an honor.
Tsumugi: Hehehe. Well, you're the prince here!
Tsumugi: You may as well act like one.
Shuuji: You say that, but what's a prince even meant to do?
Tsumugi: That's something you have to figure out yourself.
*That's a tall order.*
*But I would like to become Tsumugi-san's prince.*
Shuuji: W-Well, milady, fancy seeing you on this fine day.
Tsumugi: Isn't that a greeting? We're dancing the waltz together already.
Shuuji: Then... You look as resplendent as a rose, if I may be so bold.
Tsumugi: Ahahaha! "Resplendent as a rose"?
Shuuji: Hey! You told me to do it!
Tsumugi: I didn't tell you to make me laugh. Hehehehe. Don't worry, I could tell how hard you were trying.
Shuuji: Ahaha. I wasn't lying, though.
Shuuji: When I first saw you in those clothes, I really did think you were a princess.
Shuuji: I couldn't take my eyes off you.
Tsumugi: Sh-Sheesh... You're being way too complimentary. And you're not acting like a prince at all.
Shuuji: Huh? I wasn't trying to.
*I just need a little more courage.*
Shuuji: I-I was being serious.
Tsumugi: Th-Then I guess that is princely.
Shuuji: Huh?
Tsumugi: Because you're my prince, Shuuji-kun.
Shuuji: ~~!
Tsumugi: ~~~!
*Words fail me.*
*What's more, I literally can't take my eyes off of Tsumugi-san anymore. The momentum of the spinning cup won't let me look elsewhere.*
*The gap between our faces closes steadily.*
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun...?
Shuuji: H-Huh?
*Wait, what was I trying to do? I was just acting on instinct, not thinking at all.*
*I was just about to kiss her.*
*But now's not the time for that.*
Shuuji: Oh, right! W-We should try going faster, don't you think?!
Tsumugi: Huh? D-D-Don't, Shuuji-kun! This is too fast!
Tsumugi: It was perfect how it was. Wait... What's happening?
Shuuji: Sorry, I... Huh? Tsumugi-san, why are you speeding it up?
Tsumugi: I-I'm not meaning to! Um, what way do I spin it to slow it back down? This way?
Shuuji: It's speeding up even more!
Tsumugi: Wait, what?! I don't know which way to turn it anymore! Ahh!
Shuuji: Calm down! Why are you getting so worked up?
Tsumugi: B-Because... Errm, well...
Tsumugi: For a moment, I thought you were going to kiss me...
Shuuji: Huwuh?!
*Sh-She realized?!*
*Tsumugi-san grows even more flustered and wildly spins the handles.*
Tsumugi: That's what I thought! I was wrong! But now I don't know my left from my right anymore! H-Huh?
Shuuji: Just... don't make it go any―Waaaahh!
Tsumugi: F-Fweheeeeeeh~ My eyes are spinning!
*We have completely lost control of our teacup by this point.*
Tsumugi: ......
Shuuji: Ugh...
*The two of us get off the ride in silence.*
*In silence, we walk briskly to a nearby ditch, and then, in silence, we lean forward.*
Tsumugi: Bleeeeeeegh!
Shuuji: Blaaargh!
*Side by side, the two of us throw up.*
*The fact that we didn't outright collapse is a minor miracle.*
Tsumugi: Fweeeh~ M-My eyes are spinning.
Shuuji: A-Are you okay? You're not sick, are you?
Tsumugi: No. I'm kind of used to this...
*At this point, we lock eyes.*
Tsumugi: Pfft, hehe.
Shuuji: Haha, what the heck are we even doing?
*We can't help but laugh.*
Tsumugi: I know right? Hahaha. We come to an amusement park on a date and ended up sick. That is so like us.
Shuuji: It was your fault, you know? You kept on spinning the handle.
Tsumugi: But, I mean, hehe... I really couldn't tell my right from my left anymore, hahaha.
Shuuji: That's one hell of a way to spend your first date.
Tsumugi: It's fine. Earlier, I was obsessed with everything being perfect, but, hehehehe.
Tsumugi: This is a good memory too. Now I can have a good laugh every time I look back on this date.
Shuuji: Hahaha. Mistakes aren't so bad when you can laugh at them.
*Why is it that even mishaps are so much fun with her?*
*I know.*
*It's because we can naturally go back to holding hands right after.*
Shuuji: It's gotten a bit colder, don't you think?
Tsumugi: Has it? Ah...
*I take her hand and pull it inside my coat pocket.*
Shuuji: I-It's warmer like this, right?
Tsumugi: Hehehe... Yeah!
Shuuji: Right, so what shall we do next?
Tsumugi: S-Something where we can hold hands would be good.
Tsumugi: I don't really want to let go right now...
Shuuji: ...Yeah. Are there rides like that, though?
Tsumugi: Errm... Ah! Look, a Ferris wheel!
Shuuji: Perfect.
*Tsumugi-san and I go on a variety of laid-back rides.*
*The rides don't have to be intense; just spending time with her is more than enough.*
*It makes me wish that time could just stop.*
*But our time together passes in the blink of an eye.*
Tsumugi: I-It got dark pretty quickly.
Shuuji: Y-Yeah.
*Our two hours went by so fast.*
*I hesitate to say so out loud. If I do, it'll feel like our time really is up.*
*Regardless, Tsumugi-san can't stay in these clothes for much longer.*
*Is now not the perfect time to tell her how I feel?*
*It's hard to find the right timing, though. Every time I try, the words get stuck in my throat.*
Tsumugi: ......
Shuuji: ......
*The atmosphere is finally right, but I'm struggling to say anything.*
*Calm down. I just have to say how I feel.*
*Like how Kaidou said, as long as we both feel the same about each other, then how I say it isn't important.*
Shuuji: Ts-Tsumugi-san... Huh? What's up?
Tsumugi: Ah, sorry. I was just thinking this teddy is cute.
Shuuji: Teddy? Oh, the prize for that game over there?
*It's some sort of game where you have to throw a ball to win prizes.*
*Your standard carnival game, basically.*
Tsumugi: Yeah. It looks like the little guy is the mascot here.
Shuuji: Oh... Alrighty!
*Time to strut my stuff and then jump right into the confession.*
*Let's do this. I'm sure luck will be on my side.*
Shuuji: Excuse me! I'd like to have a go!
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun! Are you trying to win it?
Shuuji: Of course. I'll let you have it if I win it.
Tsumugi: But, like... are you sure?
Shuuji: Yeah, totally. I want to win this for you.
*I'm not the greatest at these games, but I'm sure the power of love will see me through!*
*I truly believe this.*
*And in the end...*
Tsumugi: Th-That's enough, Shuuji-kun! Let's just leave it, okay?
Shuuji: Gah, h-how could I lose three times a in row...
Tsumugi: Apparently, we can buy a similar plushie in the gift store. You don't have to keep paying for the game.
Shuuji: Ugh... Yeah, I know.
*I know that, but I wanted to win it for her, not buy it.*
*I thought the power of love let you do anything. This hurts.*
Shuuji: *siiigh*
Tsumugi: Hehehe, yet another failure to add to my memories.
Shuuji: ...Hahaha, I'd like to make some successful memories too.
*Naturally, my laughter is forced.*
*Tsumugi-san still seems to be enjoying herself, but it's hard for me to confess now.*
Akagi: (Hey. Hey, Boy?)
*Huh, Akagi?*
*I take a look around.*
Akagi: (I told you we could speak inside your heart, didn't I?)
*It feels like her voice is coming from inside my head. It's freaky as hell.*
Akagi: (Your two hours are almost up. Are you sure you don't want an extension?)
Shuuji: (Ugh, well...)
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun, what's the matter?
Shuuji: ...Nothing.
*I won't take an extension.*
*That would just make it harder to confess.*
*Taking on further debt would just be stupid when my lack of confidence is what's holding me back here.*
*I say as much inside my mind, and I'm pretty sure I hear Akagi snorting in response.*
Shuuji: Tsumugi-san!
Tsumugi: Y-Yes?
Shuuji: Remember how I said I wanted to talk to you about something after the date?
Tsumugi: ...Yeah, and I had something to talk to you about too.
Shuuji: O-Oh yeah, so you did.
Tsumugi: Sh-Should I go first?
Shuuji: No, no, I'll go first!
*As a man, I at least need to take the lead here.*
Tsumugi: But I-I really want to say my thing first. Because you're my prince, Shuuji-kun.
Shuuji: Well yeah, but you're my princess.
Shuuji: And since I'm the prince, shouldn't you let me go first?
Tsumugi: O-Okay then.
*Deep breaths, now. In, out. In, out.*
Shuuji: Ts-Tsumugi-shan, y-you're very imporgangt to me... H-Huh?
Tsumugi: ...You're not being very princely right now, Shuuji-kun.
*C-Crap, I'm stumbling over my words.*
*I need to get a hold of myself.*
Tsumugi: Are you s-sure I shouldn't go first?
Tsumugi: Sh-Shuuji-kyun, at f-firsht I... H-Huh?
Shuuji: ...Tsumugi-san?
Tsumugi: Just a moment! Just give me a moment and... Huh?
Tsumugi: Why am I speaking normally now?
Shuuji: W-Wait, I'm the same. Just calm down.
Tsumugi: R-Right, calm down. Deep breaths.
Tsumugi: *deep breathing*
*We take up meditative poses and breathe deeply for a while.*
*What the heck is wrong with us?*
Akagi: (Your time is running out.)
Shuuji: (I-I know that! Alright!)
Shuuji: Ts-Tsumugi-sa―
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun!
*Tsumugi-san calls out at the same time I do.*
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun, at first I thought you were mean, perverted, and spoiled. Like a bratty little brother.
*Is that the impression I gave off?*
Tsumugi: But... But you know, even if you were awkward, you were really earnest. So you were both mean and kind.
Tsumugi: Occasionally, you were even kind of cool.
Tsumugi: You always made me feel like a girl when we were together... even though I could only wear boys' clothing.
Tsumugi: I truly believe that you are my prince.
Shuuji: Tsumugi-san...
Tsumugi: S-So, you see, when I was saying I was taking responsibility for opening the hole in your heart or ensuring you didn't get sick again...
Tsumugi: Those were all just excuses.
Tsumugi: They were all just things I said so we could be together.
Tsumugi: But, even if I had no good reason or excuse to be with you, I... I just enjoyed it.
Tsumugi: S-So, so you see what I'm saying?
Tsumugi: I l-lo... lo... lo...
*Is she really gonna get stuck right there?*
*No, wait! She's acting like she does when her witch's compensation gets in the way of her acting girly!*
Akagi: (That's it. Your time is up.)
Shuuji: (Akagi, give me the extension.)
*I decide in an instant.*
*It's my fault she's so flustered. I have to make sure she knows!*
Tsumugi: *kiss* Huh?
*I hug her tight and kiss her.*
*I should have just done this to begin with since I can't talk worth a damn right now.*
Tsumugi: D-Don't. I'm not feeling... Huh? I'm fine?
Shuuji: I love you, Tsumugi.
Tsumugi: Huh? Wuh?
Shuuji: You always feel so warm, no matter if you're being kind or are angry.
Shuuji: Unlike me, you're not just sometimes kind, but always kind, and always so earnest.
Shuuji: You've helped me so much.
Tsumugi: I-I don't think that's true.
Shuuji: No, it really is. Just being with you heals my heart.
Shuuji: No one other than you makes me feel this way!
Shuuji: If this isn't love, then I don't know what is. I'm certain it is!
Shuuji: I want you to lean on me too.
Shuuji: I don't want the only one ever being helped. I'll do everything I can to make your wishes come true!
Shuuji: So please, be my girlfriend!
Tsumugi: ...Okay!
*Our lips overlap once more.*
*In our inexperience, our kiss is childish, going off impulse alone.*
*And yet, Tsumugi gives me the happiest smile I've ever seen.*
Tsumugi: This is like a dream.
Tsumugi: When I started having to dress like a guy, I thought I'd have to give up on finding my first love until that was over.
Tsumugi: But you've really made me feel like a princess.
Tsumugi: It must have... been your kiss, Shuuji-kun. I was starting to feel unwell. I thought everything would be ruined.
Tsumugi: But I feel perfectly fine now...
Tsumugi: I love you too, Shuuji-kun... I love you so much!
*This time Tsumugi presses her lips into mine.*
Shuuji: *kiss* Mmm... Tsumugi... Tsumugi!
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun! *kiss* *kiss* Mmm!
*Without even realizing it, I've already dropped her honorific.*
*She's my girlfriend now...*
*Tsumugi is my girlfriend now!*
*Bathed in the evening twilight, I feel as if I'm being born again.*
*I would sacrifice myself to protect this warmth.*
*I'll do anything I have.*
*I'm a new person now because of her.*
*Not wanting to leave each other, Tsumugi ends up taking me back to her place.*
Shuuji: S-So, this is your room.
Tsumugi: Ahh, is there a problem? It's kinda messy since I wasn't expecting you to come over today.
Shuuji: No, sorry. It's fine... Why'd you transform, though?
Tsumugi: Ahaha, well the time limit should be up soon.
Tsumugi: This way, I can get changed immediately.
*Makes sense, even though she doesn't actually need to since I got that extension.*
*But it's too late for me to tell her about that now.*
Tsumugi: A-And I won't have to worry about hitting any limits in this form either.
Shuuji: Limits?
Tsumugi: N-Nothing! Anyway, would you like something to drink?
Shuuji: Oh, don't worry about me.
Shuuji: Shouldn't I have said hello to your parents when I came in, though?
Tsumugi: N-No... It's fine. They're not coming back today.
Shuuji: Huh? They're not? I should probably still say hello to them at some point.
Tsumugi: Ugh, but I mean... we only just started going out. I-I feel too self-conscious.
Shuuji: Hahaha, it's fine. It's not like I'm gonna ask them to let you marry me yet.
Tsumugi: I know that. I-I'll introduce you to them. As my boyfriend.
Tsumugi: What are you gonna say though? Are you gonna ask my dad if you can have me?
Shuuji: W-Well...
Tsumugi: Hehehe, sorry, sorry. I won't make things awkward. Don't worry.
Shuuji: I mean! If I was in a position to do so, I'd love to.
Shuuji: But I need to graduate and get a job first and prove that I can maintain a family.
Shuuji: That's the correct way to do things.
Shuuji: I mean, if we're gonna get married... I need to be sure I can make you happy.
Shuuji: Hahaha. I'm getting way too ahead of myself, aren't I?
Tsumugi: No... Hehehe, I never thought you'd be thinking so far ahead.
Tsumugi: It makes me happy.
Shuuji: Tsumugi...
*I can still feel the warmth of our prior kiss on my lips.*
*But I want more.*
Tsumugi: *kiss* Mmm... *kiss* *kiss* Ahh, Shuuji-kun, mmph!
Shuuji: Tsumugi... Tsumugi... *kiss*
*We're alone in her room. Her parents aren't coming home.*
*I don't think I'll be able to put on the brakes tonight.*
Tsumugi: *kiss* Huh, you're... done already?
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Tsumugi: N-Nothing! Makes sense... B-But, couldn't we do this a little more?
*Tsumugi leans in against me.*
Tsumugi: We're all alone right now...
Tsumugi: And nobody's gonna see us...
*I can feel the softness of her slender body as she nestles in my arms.*
*Her chest presses up against me with every breath she takes.*
*I'm actually becoming intimate with another person...*
Shuuji: We're... a couple now.
Tsumugi: Yeah, so you have to hug me tightly whenever I want. Got that?
Shuuji: Hahaha, that seems tough. Physiologically.
Tsumugi: What does that mean?
Shuuji: Well... i-it's just the two of us right now.
Shuuji: I might end up thinking something naughty.
Tsumugi: ~~!
Shuuji: Huh? Tsumugi-san?
*Tsumugi has buried her face into my chest and gone silent.*
Shuuji: Should I not have said that?
Tsumugi: ...No, it's a bit of a relief.
Tsumugi: That you can feel that way, even about someone like me.
Tsumugi: And that I'm not the only one who's feeling that way.
Shuuji: ......
*Now it's my turn to fall silent.*
Tsumugi: Like, it's been fine up until now, but... I can't always do this like another girl would, you know?
Tsumugi: Because of my contract.
*Tsumugi doesn't know it, but I've taken out an extension for tonight.*
*Regardless, we don't know when we'll be able to hug next.*
*Am I going to be able to hug her whenever she wants?*
*Will it be okay? Or will doing so make her sick?*
*We won't know until we cross that bridge.*
*But at the very least, I can do it right now.*
*In fact, I just might do it right now.*
Shuuji: Tsumugi... *kiss*!
Tsumugi: Ah, Shuuji-kun...
*I kiss Tsumugi's forehead. She raises her face in response.*
*Back when we confessed our feelings for one another, Tsumugi basically did everything.*
*So...*
Shuuji: I want you.
Tsumugi: ~~!
*Now it's my turn to take the lead.*
Shuuji: I know I might be going a bit fast, but I really want you right now.
Shuuji: I'll love you forever, I swear, so...
Tsumugi: ...Okay.
Shuuji: Huh? It is?
Tsumugi: Hehe, could you not act so surprised? If you say that you'll really... love me forever, then...
Tsumugi: I believe you.
Tsumugi: I want to... give myself to you.
Shuuji: Tsumugi...
Tsumugi: Ah, but could you wait a moment? I-I want to turn out the lights.
Shuuji: Sure...
*Tsumugi uses a remote control to turn off the lights then nestles in between my legs.*
================================================================================
*The gentle rays of the morning sun shimmer across the face of one Shiiba Tsumugi, waking her from her night's sleep.*
*She glances out her bedroom window to the scenery outside, where the autumn morning air is especially chilly.*
Tsumugi: Mmm... It's morning? Whoa! I slept like this?!
*She hurriedly wraps her blanket around her naked body.*
*That explains why she was so cold.*
*A quick glance around the room tells her that she's the only one there.*
Tsumugi: ...Shuuji-kun must have gone home. Wait, what's this?
*Tsumugi notices a stuffed teddy bear on the table next to a letter.*
Tsumugi: No way! Isn't this the mascot from the amusement park?
Tsumugi: I thought Shuuji-kun didn't win the prize?
*Tsumugi reads the letter accompanying the bear.*
*"Sorry this is so sudden, but something came up. I have to go and help a distant relative for a while."*
*"It's out in the boonies where it's impossible to get a signal, so I'll be out of contact for a while. I'm really sorry for leaving so suddenly."*
*"I really loved the time I spent with you yesterday. The teddy bear is a present from me to commemorate that."*
*"With love,Hoshina Shuuji"*
Tsumugi: Whaaaat?! This is so sudden! He never mentioned this yesterday.
Tsumugi: ...But based on what he's saying, it must be serious.
*She tries to console herself, but her loneliness prevails.*
Tsumugi: When did he even buy this?
Tsumugi: I would rather have him explain things than leave me a teddy bear.
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun's such a dummy... Isn't he?
Plushie: ......
Tsumugi: You haven't done anything wrong though, have you? Ah!
*She reaches out a hand but hesitates for a moment.*
*Stuffed toys are traditionally seen as being for girls. The teddy bear might make her feel sick.*
*With a quivering finger, she gives it a poke.*
Tsumugi: Okay... I think it'll be fine.
*Next, she dares to place it on her lap.*
*And then finally, unable to hold back the urge itching away at her, she hugs it tight to her bosom.*
Tsumugi: Haha, you're so warm... How strange. I don't get sick holding you at all.
Tsumugi: ...Maybe because you're a gift from Shuuji-kun?
Tsumugi: After all, he managed to kiss my sickness away yesterday.
Tsumugi: I didn't feel sick at all last night. Not when we hugged... and not even when things got way more intense.
*Just remembering that is enough to send Tsumugi's heart racing again.*
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun must be special since he's my prince... Wh-What am I saying?
Tsumugi: I need to get changed and go to school.
*After placing the teddy on her bed, Tsumugi goes about her morning routine.*
*She changes into her uniform and brushes her hair.*
*Then, deciding to be a little more fashionable today, she applies some colored lip gloss.*
Tsumugi: ...Shuuji-kun won't be at school today. I wonder when he'll be back?
Tsumugi: Well, Mr. Teddy, how do I look?
Tsumugi: Hehehe, not that you can understand me. Hmm, Mr. Teddy is kind of a cliched name, isn't it?
Tsumugi: What should I call you...
*Tsumugi gives it some thought and soon comes up with an idea.*
*With rosy cheeks, she announces it to the plushie.*
Tsumugi: Sh... Shuji-kun... Ehehe, you like it?
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun gave you to me, but he's being naughty and ran off somewhere, leaving me all by myself.
Tsumugi: But you'll always be with me, right? Ehehe!
*She gives it another tight squeeze, then somehow manages to cram it into her school bag.*
*As she's about to close the zipper, she holds a finger up to her lips.*
Tsumugi: Be quiet now so that you don't get found, Shuji-kun.
Touko: Oh, good morning, Shiiba-san.
Tsumugi: Good morning, Togakushi-senpai!
*Tsumugi rushes over to chat with Touko.*
*She can't wait to talk about Shuuji.*
*Shuuji's sudden disappearance is unfortunate, but it hasn't hampered her happiness over their relationship one bit.*
Tsumugi: Thank you so much for the amusement park tickets.
Touko: Ahh, so you ended up using them?
Tsumugi: ...Huh?
*That's not the reaction Tsumugi expected. She looks at Touko blankly.*
Touko: Oh right, I have business with the Student Council today...
Touko: Do you think you could tell the OC that I might not be able to make it?
Tsumugi: Y-Yeah, no problem.
Touko: Thanks. See you later.
*Touko quickly departs in the direction of the stairs.*
*Tsumugi is left puzzled.*
*It's like Touko has suddenly lost all interest. Tsumugi finds that strange after everything Touko did to hook her up with Shuuji.*
Tsumugi: (Maybe she didn't want me to go?)
Tsumugi: (Or maybe she just doesn't like hearing people talk about their boyfriends... No, she definitely would, right?)
*Tsumugi enters her class while still in a state of confusion.*
Nene: Good morning, Shiiba-san.
Tsumugi: Ah... M-Morning, Ayachi-san.
Nene: How was the amusement park yesterday?
Tsumugi: Huh?
Nene: Did something happen? It seems Hoshina-kun hasn't arrived yet, so I was getting worried.
Tsumugi: Y-Yeah! I had a blast.
Tsumugi: Also, Shuuji―I mean, Hoshina-kun has an urgent family matter to attend to.
Nene: Ah, I see.
Nene: Hehe, it seems you two are on a first-name basis now.
Tsumugi: E-Ehehe, yeah.
*Tsumugi is happy to find someone who'd engage her in the conversation she wanted.*
Tsumugi: Oh, can I show you something special? You have to keep it a secret.
Nene: Okay. What is it?
Tsumugi: Actually, it's something Shuuji-kun gave me. Here.
*She shows Ayachi-san the teddy inside her bag.*
Tsumugi: Ehehe, it's so cute I wanted to bring it with me.
Nene: Yeah, it really is cute.
Nene: What's it from?
Tsumugi: It's a mascot from the amusement park we went to... I think?
Tsumugi: And... I named him Sh-Shuji-kun.
Nene: Hehe. Now that you mention it, they do have similar eyes.
Wakana: Ooh, that teddy's cute. Where'd you get it?
Hideaki: Is it? I guess it's not too shabby, but it's got a real stupid look on its face.
*Kariya and Kaidou take interest in Tsumugi's teddy.*
Nene: Apparently he's named Shuji-kun.
Wakana: Oh?
Hideaki: Hmm, it gives off a weird vibe.
Tsumugi: Hm?
*The two of them soon seem to lose interest in the teddy.*
*With class about to start for the day, everyone takes their seats.*
Nene: By the way, did you get permission from Hoshina-kun to name it that?
Tsumugi: Huh? Oh, no. I don't plan on telling him.
Tsumugi: When he's not around, I can pretend the teddy is him so I don't get lonely.
Nene: I see. That makes sense... Huh?
*Nene suddenly peers into the teddy's face.*
Tsumugi: What is it?
Nene: No... I must be imagining things. Forget it.
Tsumugi: Okay...
*Nene returns to her seat as well.*
*Disturbed by everyone's strange reactions, Tsumugi lifts up the teddy and stares at it.*
Tsumugi: (Yeah, he is really cute. Hehe.)
*Just looking at it makes her want to hug it.*
*But she obviously has to restrain herself in class.*
*When school ends, Tsumugi heads to the clubroom.*
Tsumugi: I'm running a little late.
*She's been making copies of her notes for Shuuji since he isn't present.*
*All throughout class, Tsumugi stared at Shuuji's desk.*
*She wants to do what she could for him, but...*
Tsumugi: (Even the teacher didn't seem too bothered by Shuuji-kun's absence.)
*At this point, she spots a familiar student walking down the corridor.*
Atsuma: ......
Tsumugi: It's Atsuma-san. But...
*She appears lethargic, like every step takes great effort.*
*It's hard for Tsumugi to call out to her while she's like that.*
*Tsumugi can only watch with worry as Atsuma disappears down the staircase.*
Tsumugi: (Could something have happened to the puppy?)
Tsumugi: (Hmm... I'll ask Ayachi-san later.)
Meguru: Ah! There you are, Tsumugi-senpai.
Tsumugi: Sorry I'm late.
Meguru: Now we just need Togakushi-senpai... Is she coming today?
Nene: No, I haven't heard anything.
*Nene is in her usual position, reading a book.*
Tsumugi: Ah, right. She told me that she has some Student Council business today.
Meguru: Then I guess it's just us for the OC today.
Tsumugi: Huh? Y-Yeah.
Tsumugi: (I guess Ayachi-san already told her that Shuuji-kun isn't coming today?)
Meguru: Hey, Tsumugi-senpai, I've got another idea on how to make you look more girly.
Tsumugi: Y-You do?
Meguru: Yeah! Come on and have a seat!
*Meguru pushes her over to the seat in front of the mirror.*
*She then takes some stuff out of her bag, including a hairbrush. Meanwhile, Tsumugi places the teddy on her lap.*
Meguru: Oh! Isn't that the mascot for the amusement park?
Tsumugi: Ehehe, yeah. You know it?
Meguru: Of course I do! It's super cute!
Meguru: Are you fine with teddy bears and stuffed animals, then?
Tsumugi: Huh? O-Oh, it seems like it depends on the toy. This guy seems fine.
Meguru: Ooh. But you've always avoided plushies before. Hmm... So it depends on the kind...
Meguru: I'll have to keep that in mind.
*Meguru should know about Tsumugi and Shuuji going to the amusement park together, but she doesn't pursue the topic.*
Tsumugi: (I thought Meguru-chan loved romance.)
*And there's something else bothering Tsumugi.*
Tsumugi: Ayachi-san, have you spoken to Atsuma-san yet?
Nene: Not since I saw her putting leaflets on the notice boards last week.
Nene: Did something happen to make you worried?
Tsumugi: Yeah... I might just be imagining this, but I saw her earlier, and she looked kind of depressed.
Tsumugi: Like she was completely worn out.
Nene: Really? She looked like she was on the road to recovery the last time I saw her.
Tsumugi: Then maybe I was just imagining it...
Nene: Well, why don't we check to make sure?
Nene: Atsuma-san was originally my responsibility.
Tsumugi: Sorry for being so weird about it.
Tsumugi: But I'm glad you'll do something.
*At least now, one of Tsumugi's worries has been addressed.*
*But an even larger one has begun bubbling up inside her.*
Meguru: Alright, let's get these accessories on you!
Tsumugi: O-Okay! Thank you, Meguru-chan.
Tsumugi: Thanks for the food!
*Tsumugi claps her hands together before eating her self-made dinner.*
*The teddy bear is seated on the other side of the table from her.*
Tsumugi: ...If you were Shuuji-kun, then we could've eaten dinner together.
Tsumugi: But I'm used to eating by myself. It's been happening a lot lately.
Tsumugi: Ever since Dad was called away on a business trip right after transferring in.
Tsumugi: And Mom's back-and-forth a lot too since the transfer at her job hasn't been finalized yet.
Plushie: ......
Tsumugi: Hehe, but having you with me makes everything better, Shuji-kun.
Tsumugi: The food feels warmer than usual.
Tsumugi: Yeah, it's delicious.
*She finishes her meal alone then takes a quick bath.*
*After that comes time for her homework.*
*Tonight, however, Tsumugi doesn't find herself in the mood. Instead, she's checking her phone over and over.*
Tsumugi: He said he wouldn't have service where he is.
Tsumugi: But maybe I could still get a text through?
Tsumugi: We're finally dating, but I can't see him at all. I can't even hear from him...
Plushie: ......
*She ends up shutting her school notebook before long.*
Tsumugi: Shall we head to bed early today, Shuji-kun?
Plushie: ......
Tsumugi: Huh? Shuji-kun...?
*After climbing into bed with the teddy bear in her clutches, Tsumugi gets a vague sense that it feels embarrassed.*
Tsumugi: Hehe, that's not possible.
Tsumugi: Everyone's strange behavior today must have thrown me off.
*She buries her nose into the teddy.*
Tsumugi: Why is it that you smell so much like Shuuji-kun?
Tsumugi: Maybe that's why I feel so relaxed with you here.
Tsumugi: You can take Shuuji-kun's place and sleep with me tonight.
Plushie: ......
Tsumugi: This way, I won't feel so lonely.
Tsumugi: Zzz... Zzz...
Plushie: ......
*Tsumugi falls asleep soon after getting into bed.*
*At that moment, the teddy bear―or rather, I―feel a sense of relief.*
*She already seems to be suspecting something.*
*Mainly that the teddy is none other than I, Hoshina Shuuji.*
Shuuji: I've got a request for you, Akagi. Up for another transaction?
*It all started then, last night.*
Shuuji: Could you make it so that Tsumugi can act like a girl?
Shuuji: Just a few hours every day would be fine.
Shuuji: If you need compensation, then I'll pay it.
Akagi: I see. So you wish to continue today's transaction.
Akagi: You do realize what this means, don't you?
Akagi: Neither alps nor the witches themselves can tell in advance the manner of compensation which will occur.
Akagi: And that also goes for those who assume their debt.
Akagi: It is quite possible that you will have to pay a much larger price than her.
Shuuji: I know. You already told me.
Akagi: Then I hope you realize that this is already a loophole in the rules, and you can't take it back.
Akagi: I've never been party to consecutive transactions like this, so I can't imagine what might happen.
Shuuji: But she doesn't have many fragments left to get, right?
Shuuji: So this won't have to go on for too long.
Akagi: Indeed... That is true.
Shuuji: I want to share a part of Tsumugi's burden.
Akagi: Is that the reason you're asking for this?
Shuuji: I've never really been all too interested in fashion before.
Shuuji: I can't even begin to understand how hard it is for her being unable to dress as a girl.
Shuuji: I can only imagine.
Shuuji: This is selfish of me, I know, but if I can reduce Tsumugi's burden just a little, then I'd be happy.
Akagi: You humans think in mysterious ways.
Shuuji: You'll understand when you become human.
Shuuji: You'll understand just how strong the desire is to better understand the one you love.
Shuuji: And maybe you'll understand just why I want to do something for someone else so badly.
Shuuji: It's an incredibly powerful feeling.
Akagi: I see. Well, I don't, but regardless.
Akagi: If this transaction goes well, it would gain me quite a bit more heart power.
Akagi: This is a win-win deal for me.
Shuuji: So, what's the problem?
Akagi: You can't come complaining to me after the fact.
Shuuji: I won't!
Akagi: Then the contract is complete!
*And then, for some reason, I became a teddy bear.*
*Akagi wrote the letter for me.*
*I know I asked for this myself, but I regret how forceful that "I won't!" was.*
*I deeply, strongly, from the bottom of my heart, regret it.*
*I mean, how was I meant to know that this would be my compensation? It's inconceivable.*
*I've made a huge mistake.*
Tsumugi: Zzz... Zzz...
*Now that I'm in this form, I can't do squat for Tsumugi.*
*I mean, sure, she gets a few hours to act girly every day, but there's no point to that now.*
Tsumugi: Mm, mmm... Shuuji-kun...
Plushie: ......!
*Just then, I see a sparkle in the corner of her eye.*
*She must be so lonely. My chest tightens at the thought.*
*God, I'm such an idiot...*
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Tsumugi: Mm, mmm... Huh?
*Wait, I've returned to normal?*
*Wh-What's going on?!*
Tsumugi: KYAAAAAAAAAAAAH?!
Tsumugi: Sh-Sh-Sh-Sh-Sh-Sh... Shuuji-kun?! Wh-Wh-Wh-What are you doing here?!
Shuuji: O-Oh, well...
*There's no talking my way out of this one.*
Shuuji: I'm so sorry!
================================================================================
Akagi: Oww, oww, owwww! I told you I hate sitting with my legs bending this way!
*Akagi is crying out, having been made to sit kneeling on the floor.*
*I've turned back into a teddy bear already. Tsumugi has placed me on a nearby chair.*
Tsumugi: I can't believe you two would go and make a deal behind my back!
Tsumugi: So that's how it is?
*I failed to realize some things about the compensation I have to pay.*
*I don't just stay as a teddy bear until this ordeal is over.*
*Because I'm taking over Tsumugi's debt, she gets several hours a day where she can dress as a girl.*
*And during that exact period of time, I get to return to being human.*
*I'm glad for that, at least.*
*But of course, there's an additional catch.*
Akagi: It... It seems that everyone other than alps and witches has forgotten about the boy.
Akagi: The world itself has changed so that he's been considered a teddy bear from the moment he was born.
Tsumugi: I thought something was strange.
Tsumugi: No one but Ayachi-san talked about him.
*Well, at least she figured things out before she filed a missing person's report or something.*
Tsumugi: What are you saying, Shuuji-kun?! You're acting like you're not part of this!
*...Huh?*
Tsumugi: I'm angry at you too, you know?
Tsumugi: Did you think going behind my back and secretly paying off my compensation would make me happy?!
*W-Well, I didn't think it would turn out so serious... Wait, what?*
*I'm not saying anything.*
Tsumugi: Again, stop making excuses!
*S-Sorry.*
*If an outsider were to peep in on us right now, they'd see a girl giving a deadly serious lecture to a teddy bear.*
*Right, I'm a teddy bear right now.*
*How are we holding a conversation? That's weird.*
Tsumugi: Huh? A-Actually, now that you mention it, you're right.
Akagi: It seems the boy can speak to any who realize his true form.
*My true form?*
*So I can only speak to witches and alps, and only those who know what's going on?*
Akagi: Exactly. You should make a conscious effort to separate what you wish to communicate from your inner thoughts.
Akagi: Your thoughts have been leaking out of you this whole time.
*Seriously? What a pain.*
Shuuji: E-Errm... Like this?
Akagi: Hmm, not bad for a little boy.
Tsumugi: I'm glad you can talk again, but you two are NOT off the hook!
Tsumugi: We are far from done here! Akagi, stay seated!
Shuuji: I-I'm sorry ma'am.
Akagi: Eeek! C-Come now, Tsumugi dear.
Akagi: The boy shouldering your debt has prevented you from throwing up multiple times now.
Tsumugi: Ugh, I know that.
Tsumugi: But that's no reason for Shuuji-kun to become a teddy bear!
Shuuji: Sorry. I realize now how stupid it is.
Shuuji: It would've been so much better if I had just left things as they were after the date...
*It was stupid taking on that extra transaction before I had paid off the first.*
Akagi: Well, why don't you look on the bright side? Thanks to this, a lot of your fragments have been returned!
Tsumugi: You're not sorry about this at all, are you?!
Akagi: This will all be over once you finish collecting heart fragments.
Akagi: And you can still spend a few hours together each day.
Akagi: So keep on mating and filling the hole in the boy's heart!
Akagi: That makes for the perfect excuse, does it not? I know how you humans love excuses.
Tsumugi: U-Umm, Akagi?
Akagi: What's more, thanks to the massive debt the boy is paying back...
Akagi: I am now able to remain in my human form for an extended period of time!
Akagi: I should be thanking you! Ahaha!
Tsumugi: ......
*Tsumugi kicks Akagi out of the room.*
Akagi: Wh-What are you doing?! Open up! Open the door, Tsumugi!
Tsumugi: No! You're not coming back until you've reflected on what you've done! And I'm not feeding you either!
Akagi: Wh-What?! Don't do this to me, Tsumugi! Tsumugiiii!
*Tsumugi's words are those of a mother's.*
*But she's gone bright red, like the devil.*
*I-I'm scared... The contrast from her usual gentle demeanor makes this so much worse.*
Tsumugi: Now then, Shuuji-kun.
Shuuji: Y-Yes!
Tsumugi: Do you want me to forgive you?
Shuuji: I-If you'd be so terribly kind!
*My formal manner of speech sounds foolish, but I'm dead serious.*
Tsumugi: Then you'll listen to my request.
Shuuji: Gladly!
*But despite her seriousness, Tsumugi starts bashfully squirming.*
Tsumugi: You have to spend every moment of your time as a human with me.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
*Wait, did she go red because of this, and not because she was mad?*
Tsumugi: I-I won't forgive you if you don't! You got that?
Shuuji: Y-Yes! Understood!
*I'm no match for Tsumugi.*
*And I doubt I ever will be.*
Tsumugi: Now, we have to get to school.
Shuuji: Huh? I'm coming too?
Tsumugi: We can't have you falling behind on your studies before you return to normal, can we?
*She lifts me up and stuffs me into her bag.*
Shuuji: Waagh?! H-H-Hold on a minute!
Tsumugi: Oh, did that hurt?
Shuuji: No, I'm a teddy bear. I can't even feel pain.
*I speak with my head poking out of Tsumugi's bag.*
Shuuji: I was just shocked by how easily I was picked up by a girl.
Tsumugi: Ahaha, that's kinda cute.
Shuuji: This isn't funny! Though, I guess I deserve it.
Tsumugi: I know. I'll try not to surprise you like that from now on.
Tsumugi: Okay, let's get going, Shuuji-kun.
*And so she takes me to school.*
*Don't I kinda stand out?*
*Everyone keeps glancing over at my head sticking out of the bag.*
Shuuji: Hey, is this okay? What if they confiscate me?
Tsumugi: It's probably fine, isn't it? You see a lot of girls with straps with little teddies and stuff attached.
Shuuji: ...Yeah, and some of those do get pretty big.
Shuuji: I'm not a strap, though.
Tsumugi: Should I sew a string onto you, then?
Shuuji: N-No thanks. Keep those needles away from me, even if I can't feel pain.
Tsumugi: Ahahaha. Thought so.
*Please, please don't tease me like this.*
Tsumugi: If the teacher says anything, I'll just say I brought you to decorate our clubroom or something.
Tsumugi: Or maybe I should just leave you there to begin with?
Shuuji: No, don't... This might be selfish, but...
Shuuji: I'm happy to spend the day with you, even if I am like this.
Tsumugi: ...Yeah.
Tsumugi: Me too, Shuuji-kun.
Shuuji: I'm really sorry for being such a selfish ass.
*If it weren't for me, we would've been able to meet up on the way to school.*
*We would've been able to walk together like a normal couple.*
Tsumugi: You should be. I'm still angry you know?
Tsumugi: But still, we do get to be together all the time now.
Tsumugi: So we may as well enjoy it, right?
Shuuji: Yeah, you're right.
*Tsumugi is so kind.*
*It almost seems I'm more bothered by this than she is.*
*We're now in the middle of the first period.*
Shuuji: So, by "enjoying it," you meant studying together?
Tsumugi: Yeah! Studying together is fun.
*She has sneakily taken me out of her bag and placed me in a position so I can see the blackboard and her notes.*
*Having to do all this must make focusing on the lesson pretty hard.*
*Yet Tsumugi is smiling. She really seems to be enjoying herself.*
Tsumugi: Are you one of those people who hates schoolwork, then?
Shuuji: I don't love it, but...
*I really am selfish.*
Shuuji: Being with you kinda makes it fun.
Tsumugi: Hehehe. School is a lot more fun if you can learn to enjoy studying.
*Tsumugi gives me a gentle hug.*
*Now that's what I call fun.*
*We somehow manage to get through our morning classes without the teacher noticing anything.*
Tsumugi: Are you hungry, Shuuji-kun?
Shuuji: I'm fine. I don't think I can get hungry.
Shuuji: I mean, I'm a teddy bear. Do I even have a stomach?
Tsumugi: ...Oh yeah. Good point.
*It becomes a pretty big issue when I return to my human form, though.*
*It felt like I could eat a horse after I turned human last night.*
Schoolgirl C: Hey, Shiiba-san! Wanna eat lunch with us?
*A classmate, one of Shiiba-san's friends, calls out to her.*
*She's already pulled her desk together and formed a group with some others.*
Tsumugi: Sorry, I already have plans today.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Schoolgirl C: Yeah? That's too bad. Next time, then!
*That's weird. When did she ever make plans?*
*While I'm still in a state of confusion, Tsumugi carries me and her lunch box out of the classroom.*
Tsumugi: No one else will come here, I don't think.
*Tsumugi sits down on a bench in the abandoned courtyard and opens her lunchbox.*
*I've been placed right by her side.*
Shuuji: Wait, didn't you say you had plans?
Tsumugi: Ahaha... I feel bad for lying.
Tsumugi: But I wanted to be with you.
Shuuji: Tsumugi...?
*I guess she couldn't exactly eat lunch with her friends while holding a teddy bear.*
*And obviously, we wouldn't be able to talk like we are now.*
Tsumugi: And like I said earlier, I want us to enjoy our time together.
*I guess you could say she had plans with me.*
Shuuji: But you're the only one who can hear me at school.
Shuuji: Everyone's gonna think you're strange if you keep putting them off for me.
*Think about what it'd look like if her friends realized she was turning them down to go and talk to a teddy bear.*
Tsumugi: Hmm, I've got it! Why don't we just do this?
Shuuji: ...Wait, what?!
*Tsumugi transforms into her witch's outfit.*
Tsumugi: Ehehe, I transformed. How do I look, Shuuji-kun?
Shuuji: Pretty good...?
Tsumugi: Thanks. I've always liked my witch outfit.
Tsumugi: Now we can even... f-flirt at school without anyone noticing us.
Shuuji: I guess so...
*That might be going a little far, though...*
Tsumugi: Okay then. Prepare yourself, Shuuji-kun... Squeeeeze!
Shuuji: Whoa, hey! D-Don't squeeze me so tightly!
Tsumugi: Hehehe, what are you gonna do about it?
Tsumugi: Hugging is the only thing I can do with you right now, so squeeeeze, squeeeeze! Ehehehe.
Shuuji: A-Aren't you gonna eat lunch?
Tsumugi: Hmm... I think I'd rather eat you. Heh.
Tsumugi: I won't be able to do this kind of thing once you return to being human.
*...Huh?*
*She said that cheerfully, but for a moment, I felt a salty taste in my mouth.*
*Maybe I was just mistaken...*
*Or maybe that was...*
Tsumugi: Is something wrong?
Shuuji: No... I was just thinking the same.
Shuuji: If you're okay with me being a teddy bear, feel free to do whatever you want with me.
Tsumugi: Hehehe, are you ready then?
Tsumugi: Here I come! Squeeeeze! squee-squeeeeze! Hehehehehe.
*And so Tsumugi has her way with me.*
*All I can do is accept her wish to spend all her time flirting with me.*
*But now that school is over for the day, I want to take things more seriously.*
*There's something that's been on my mind.*
Shuuji: Don't you think we should tell Ayachi-san what's going on?
Tsumugi: Hmm... Do you think so?
Shuuji: Normally, you'd tell her right away, right?
Tsumugi: I just haven't really found the time yet.
Shuuji: Really?
*I can't turn my head currently.*
*So even if we're in the same class, I can't tell what's going on outside of my field of view.*
*I'm actually quite curious what Kaidou and Kariya are up to, but they're in my blind spot.*
*Especially Kaidou. Apparently, that guy had to eat lunch all by himself when I was out sick earlier.*
*I'm sure he'll be fine though.*
Tsumugi: Ayachi-san wasn't in class very much today.
Tsumugi: And I haven't had the chance to track her down.
Shuuji: Oh, maybe something came up? Maybe we'll run into her in the clubroom.
Tsumugi: Oh, wait. She just looked over... She's heading this way.
*That's also in my blind spot.*
Nene: Shiiba-san, I'm terribly sorry, but we'll have to cancel club activities for the day.
Tsumugi: Really? That's a surprise.
Nene: I know. You see, there's something I have to discuss with Nanao.
Tsumugi: Well, okay. Is this something you have to do on your own?
*Ayachi-san glances out of the window before continuing.*
Nene: ...Yes. I do apologize.
Tsumugi: It's okay. Just let me know if there's anything I can help with.
Nene: Thank you very much.
Nene: Now, if you'll excuse me.
*Is it just me, or did Ayachi-san seem rather grave just then?*
*Does this have something to do with how Atsuma-san was acting yesterday?*
Shuuji: Looks like you didn't get the chance to talk about me.
Tsumugi: No, I didn't... To be honest, I'm little a bit hesitant to.
Shuuji: Huh? Why's that?
Tsumugi: I mean, Ayachi-san has handed a lot of fragments over to me, right?
Tsumugi: She might try to do that again if she hears what happened.
Shuuji: Ahh. You don't want to cause her any more trouble.
Tsumugi: Yeah. Ayachi-san has her own wish to make come true.
Tsumugi: Though, I guess it'd be better for you if she did.
Shuuji: No, I'm fine! I'm starting to enjoy our secret flirting thing.
*I try to speak as cheerfully as possible.*
Shuuji: I've got no problem keeping this our little secret.
Tsumugi: Oh, c'mon, you...
Tsumugi: I don't want you to stay a teddy bear forever, you know?
Tsumugi: So let's try working towards that goal together, okay?
Shuuji: You got it. How should we go about doing that?
Tsumugi: By collecting fragments, of course.
Tsumugi: You don't have to wait for people to come to you. We can go out searching for people who have fragments ready to be collected.
Tsumugi: ...And since our club is taking the day off, now's the perfect time.
Shuuji: Hm? Oh, yeah.
*I have a slight inkling...*
*That she never planned on attending the club today, anyway.*
*And so the two of us head into town.*
*The busier the area, the more likely we are to find someone with fragments ready to be collected.*
*Though, it's not all that simple.*
Tsumugi: Hmm, it's kinda hard to tell who the bottle is reacting to when there are so many people around.
Tsumugi: Can you work it out, Shuuji-kun?
Shuuji: Sorry, but I have no idea.
*I hate crowds to begin with.*
*I can actually get sick when there are too many people around.*
Tsumugi: Maybe we should do this somewhere else.
Tsumugi: Like a sports stadium or a banquet hall being used for a wedding reception.
Tsumugi: I've had some success before waiting around in front of those.
Shuuji: Yeah, it does seem like there'd be a lot of people with fragments at those.
Shuuji: But do you know of any around here?
Tsumugi: Ugh, no. We just came to the place with the most people. I don't know where anything is around here.
Shuuji: Right, then what about a concert hall? There's a small one close by, if I recall correctly.
Tsumugi: That might be good! We got fragments from your friends after a concert before.
*Fortunately, I did indeed recall correctly. We arrive just as a concert is finishing.*
*There's a large gathering of guests emerging from the entrance.*
Tsumugi: Ah, there! It's reacting!
Tsumugi: But who could it be? Can you tell?
Shuuji: No, I'm not sure... Maybe one of those people?
Tsumugi: I think you might be right. Ah, they're moving.
*It seems they're all heading toward the station. We decide to follow behind them.*
*It's like we're detectives... or stalkers, more like.*
Tsumugi: We should be able to narrow down who it is if they split up inside the station.
Shuuji: Won't the trains be crowded, though?
*Which complicates things quite a bit.*
*All we can do is follow the person who seems most likely to be our mark.*
*The one we singled out conveniently gets off the train at our own neighborhood's station.*
Tsumugi: Ah! It stopped reacting. They must not have been the one.
Shuuji: At least they had the courtesy to get off at our stop.
*At least we didn't end up following them to the end of the line.*
*The train fare for that would have been no laughing matter.*
Tsumugi: Yeah... This is why looking for people around town is so hard.
Shuuji: It was a shot in the dark, but at least it didn't cost us much.
Tsumugi: Yeah. This really goes to show how much more efficient the OC's method of helping people is.
Tsumugi: Ayachi-san is so smart for coming up with that.
Shuuji: And she doesn't have to worry about someone thinking she's a stalker, either.
Tsumugi: Yeah, right. That's another drawback to this method.
Shuuji: You know how she said she needed to talk to Souma-san? Do you think it's about Atsuma-san?
Shuuji: She was worried about her acting strangely.
Tsumugi: Maybe? But if so, wouldn't she have asked for our help?
Shuuji: Yeah, probably... Hm?
*In the corner of my eye, I spot a familiar-looking puppy.*
*I don't know a lot about dogs, but it seemed like a common breed, so maybe I'm mistaken.*
Tsumugi: What is it, Shuuji-kun?
Shuuji: Oh, I just saw something over there a moment ago... Wait, it's gone?
*Tsumugi helps me look around, but we don't find anything.*
*Guess I just imagined it all.*
*If that was the puppy from the Atsuma-san incident, he shouldn't be walking around out here on his own.*
Akagi: Th-There you are, Tsumugi.
Tsumugi: Akagi! What are you doing here?
Akagi: I came to see how you were doing, of course.
Shuuji: That's awfully brave of you, after being kicked out this morning.
Tsumugi: Now, now. I'm sure Akagi has learned her lesson.
Akagi: Humph. Maybe.
Tsumugi: ...So you don't want dinner?
Akagi: Gah. L-Like I care! Anyway, haven't you realized?
Akagi: It's almost time for the boy to return to his human form.
Tsumugi: Really?! It is?
Shuuji: You came all the way here just to tell us?
Akagi: Humph, I want the hole in your heart filled just as much as you do.
Akagi: And you don't want to transform in public, do you?
Shuuji: No, of course not.
Shuuji: You really are just a tsundere.
Akagi: What's that? I get the feeling you're making fun of me.
Tsumugi: Hehehe, now, now. Thank you, Akagi.
Tsumugi: We better hurry home, Shuuji-kun. You know what you have to do while you're human, right?
Shuuji: Yeah, course.
*We promised to spend our time alone together.*
*As Akagi said, I turned back into a human not long after returning to Tsumugi's home.*
*I'll go back to being a teddy bear in just a few short hours, though...*
Tsumugi: Okay, Shuuji-kun. Say aah♪
Shuuji: A-Aah~
*There's a feast laid out on the table.*
*And even better, Tsumugi is feeding it to me.*
Tsumugi: Ehehe. Does it taste good?
Shuuji: Yeah, it's awesome. I can't believe you made so much for me.
Shuuji: Aren't you tired after all that walking around today?
Tsumugi: Yeah, but this is the only time I can spend with you as a human.
Tsumugi: So I want to do as much for you as possible.
Shuuji: ...Thank you, Tsumugi.
Shuuji: But I dunno if I can eat all this.
Tsumugi: Oh, you don't have to eat it all if you don't want.
Tsumugi: I know I'm the one who said we should spend this time together, but I wasn't sure what the best way to do that was.
Tsumugi: All I could think of was cooking for you.
Shuuji: Yeah, I can't think of anything, either.
Tsumugi: Hehehe. So I thought the least I could do was make it seem like a date and enjoy ourselves.
Shuuji: You're even wearing the same outfit you wore on our date.
Tsumugi: Yeah, I am. Is that strange?
Shuuji: Not at all! No matter how many times I see you in that, umm... y-you still look cute, like a princess.
Tsumugi: Sh-Sheesh. And you're my prince, Shuuji-kun.
Shuuji: Haha. These days, I'm a teddy bear more often than not, though.
Tsumugi: That doesn't matter. You've heard the story of the prince who was a frog, right?
Tsumugi: Even if you were a frog, you'd still be my prince.
Shuuji: There's a story like that?
Tsumugi: I believe so. Anyway, it's time to eat!
*As instructed, I return to eating.*
Shuuji: Mmm, mmm! This really is good!
Shuuji: I cook every day, but I think you're way better than me.
Tsumugi: Yeah? Do you do all your home's housework, then?
Tsumugi: Won't your dad be in trouble now that you've gone missing?
Shuuji: He shouldn't remember me, so I think that'll be fine.
Shuuji: Actually, he's so much of a workaholic that I don't think we need to worry about him at all.
Tsumugi: ...I hope you're right. Think we should stop by and see how he's doing, anyway?
Shuuji: My dad will be fine, really.
Shuuji: He's the kind of guy who'll smile and crack a joke no matter the occasion.
Shuuji: I doubt I'd have ever gotten a hole in my heart if I were like him.
Shuuji: He's optimistic to a fault, but it's impossible to hate him for it.
Tsumugi: Hmm. I've only ever met him once, so I wouldn't know.
Shuuji: Did anyone in our class seem like they were having problems as a result of my disappearance?
Tsumugi: ...Not that I noticed.
Shuuji: Then I'm sure my dad is fine too.
Shuuji: I'm more worried about Kaidou having to eat lunch on his own every day.
Tsumugi: Kaidou-kun? I saw him and Kariya-san eating with a big group at lunch.
Shuuji: You did? He's a sly one, that Kaidou.
*It kind of hurts that nothing's bothering him about my disappearance, even if he doesn't remember me.*
*Though, I guess this is better than him worrying about me.*
Tsumugi: You really believe in your dad, huh?
Shuuji: Huh? Haha, it's not like that.
Shuuji: Anyway, you don't have to worry about him.
Tsumugi: Okay. I'll try not to.
*Is he at least managing to keep the place clean?*
*I hope our place hasn't turned into a dump.*
Shuuji: Anyway, what else would you like to do? I'm up for anything.
Tsumugi: Then... Could I feed you again, but with your eyes closed?
Shuuji: Huh? Why close them?
Tsumugi: I thought it might be fun if you had to guess what I was feeding you.
Shuuji: Hahaha, okay.
*All the food she made is incredible.*
*I don't have to worry about her feeding me something I won't like.*
Tsumugi: I'll start with this. Open wide! There. Can you guess what it is?
Shuuji: Hmm, what could it be... It's obviously fried chicken of some kind. Kara-age?
Tsumugi: Close, but not quite.
Shuuji: Oh, I've got it. I can taste some soy, so it's tatsuta-age.
*Actually, I saw it before I closed my eyes, so I already knew what it was.*
*But it would have been no fun if I gave the right answer immediately.*
Tsumugi: Okay, next is this... Open wide.
Shuuji: Ah! This is boiled eggplant. It tastes great!
Shuuji: I can barely believe it's even eggplant.
Tsumugi: Hehehe. Want me to teach you the recipe?
Shuuji: Would you?! I know there's got to be a secret to it. I just can't work it out.
*This time I answer straight away.*
*The way she doesn't need to rely on elaborate dishes and can instead make simple food taste great is proof of her cooking skills.*
Tsumugi: O-O-Okay... Next is this.
Tsumugi: *kiss*♪
Shuuji: ...Huh?
*I open my eyes in surprise.*
Tsumugi: Wh-What's wrong? C-Couldn't you work out what it is?
Tsumugi: If you'd like, I-I can give you another bite.
Shuuji: Y-Y-Yeah, I think I'll need another morsel to know for sure.
Tsumugi: Then close your eyes again. M-Make sure to get a good, long taste this time. H-Here.
Tsumugi: *kiss* *kiss* Mm, ah... *kiss* Mmm, haah...
Tsumugi: Well? What did it taste like?
Shuuji: L-Like an incredible dessert?
Tsumugi: Hmm, that's kinda close. I'll need a more precise answer.
Shuuji: E-Errm, I think I might need another bite for that.
Tsumugi: Huh? Hehehe... You're so greedy, Shuuji-kun. *kiss*!
*This time I slide my tongue forward to meet with hers.*
Tsumugi: Ah! Mm, mmpah... Sh-Shuuji-kun! *kiss* *kiss*
Tsumugi: Ahhmm, mm... Th-These aren't... proper table manners.
Shuuji: I-I suppose not...
*Our lips part, leaving a long strand of saliva hanging between them.*
Shuuji: I don't think I've ever tasted a better dessert.
Tsumugi: Ah, Shuuji-kun...
*I hug her tight and bury my face into her neck.*
*She smells incredibly good.*
Tsumugi: Th-These are even worse table manners.
Shuuji: Maybe, but... I don't want to let you go.
*The hand she has placed against my chest curls up.*
Tsumugi: Yeah... Me neither.
*She looks up at me with cloudy eyes.*
Tsumugi: We did promise to spend the whole time together.
Shuuji: Yeah, we sure did.
*We both quietly close our eyes.*
*And our lips overlap once more.*
================================================================================
*―Lunch break, the following day.*
Wakana: Buzz off, Kaidou. You trying to force your way into my group again?
Hideaki: Oh, come on. We're friends, aren't we?
Wakana: Geh. Looks like I'm friends with a pervert.
Hideaki: Takes one to know one.
Wakana: Okay, that's it! You've gone too far!
*Just like I heard from Tsumugi, Kaidou really is eating lunch with Kariya's group.*
*That's a relief.*
*Actually, he looks like he's having more fun than he does when I'm around. Now I'm getting jealous.*
Hideaki: Oh, shuddup. Who else am I gonna... Huh?
*...Is Kaidou looking over at my seat?*
Wakana: What is it, Kaidou?
Hideaki: Nothing. Just wondering what's up with that empty seat in the middle of our classroom.
Wakana: Dunno. It's always been like that... hasn't it? Pretty sure it has.
Hideaki: Something about it's been bothering me since yesterday, but whatever! It's lunchtime!
Wakana: There's something wrong with this guy. Can't stay interested in something for more than two seconds.
*So he has a feeling that something's wrong, despite not remembering anything?*
*I'm happy for that, if nothing else.*
Tsumugi: Hehehe. Isn't that great, Shuuji-kun?
Shuuji: Whoa, Tsumugi! Back already?
*Tsumugi had left for the bathroom.*
Tsumugi: They haven't completely forgotten about you.
Shuuji: Haha. I appreciate it... Are we going to the courtyard again?
Tsumugi: Hehe. I feel bad for Kaidou, but...
Tsumugi: I plan on having you all to myself this lunch break.
Nene: Shiiba-san, could I have a moment?
*However, as we step out into the corridor, Ayachi-san calls us to a halt.*
Tsumugi: Of course, Ayachi-san.
Nene: Thank you very much.
Nene: I was hoping that you'd accompany me to the Schwarze Katze after school today.
Tsumugi: To the Schwarze Katze? Does this have anything to do with what talked to Souma-san about yesterday?
Nene: ...Yes, kind of.
*Ayachi-san seems unusually reticent.*
Nene: I'll fill you in on the details when we get there.
Tsumugi: Sure. There's something I wanted to talk to you about too.
*About me, right?*
Tsumugi: You've already helped me out a lot, Ayachi-san. So if there's anything I can do to help you, just say the word.
Nene: Oh no, it won't be that kind of discussion...
Nene: But anyway, please do come along.
*Ayachi-san briskly walks away.*
*A tinge of guilt appears on her face for a brief moment as she does.*
Tsumugi: What on Earth was that about?
Shuuji: Dunno... Maybe they're planning a surprise birthday party or something?
Tsumugi: Whose? Yours?
Shuuji: No. Wouldn't it be yours? Your birthday's closer.
Tsumugi: Closer, but still not close enough.
Shuuji: I guess neither of us fit, then.
*This is Ayachi-san we're talking about, so she won't be up to any funny business.*
*That much I'm certain of.*
*And so, not particularly suspicious of anything, we walk together with Ayachi-san to the Schwarze Katze after school.*
Nene: ......
*However, she isn't being particularly talkative.*
*She's not that talkative to begin with, but today she's saying even less than usual.*
Tsumugi: Is Souma-san doing well?
Nene: Yes.
Tsumugi: Oh right, has there been any progress with the OC―
Nene: Sorry, but we'll have to leave that for later.
Tsumugi: ...Right.
Nene: ......
Tsumugi: ......
*What's going on here?*
*This might be serious.*
*Eventually, we arrive at the Schwarze Katze.*
Tsumugi: Huh? Looks like it's closed.
Nene: It's been reserved for us today. Come in.
Tsumugi: O-Okay.
Tsumugi: Hello, Souma-san... Huh?
*Strangely enough, Souma-san is nowhere to be seen.*
Nene: Nanao isn't here at the moment.
Tsumugi: Huh... I thought we were coming here to... see her?
*Ayachi-san is standing between us and the entrance.*
*I mean, she followed us in, so that's natural. But something about this is making me feel uneasy. It's like she's blocking our escape.*
Nene: How has Akagi been lately?
Tsumugi: ...What? Umm, Ayachi-san?
Nene: Bird alps have the freedom to live in the sky.
Nene: Many of them choose to keep constant watch over their witch. Were you unaware of this?
Tsumugi: N-Now that you mention it, she does seem to show up at the most convenient of times.
Tsumugi: But what of it? You're acting strange today, Ayachi-san.
Nene: I'm sorry. I know I am.
Nene: But, do you think I might ask you for a rather brazen favor?
Tsumugi: Sure. What do you need...?
*Without saying another word, Ayachi-san transforms into her witch's outfit.*
*What's more, her gun's already pointing directly between Tsumugi's eyes.*
Shuuji: What are you doing?!
Nene: Are you not just pretending to be afraid?
Tsumugi: Fweh?
*Just then, the door bursts open behind Ayachi-san.*
Akagi: You insolent dog! Tsumugi, Nanao's after your fragments after all!
Tsumugi: Akagi?!
Akagi: Tsumugi, I'm here to save you!
Tsumugi: Watch out!
Akagi: What? Nngh?!
*A dark shadow leaps at Akagi from behind.*
*The fight is over before she's able to cry out.*
*The shadow has Akagi is pressed against the floor before any of us realize it.*
Nanao: How careless of you, Akagi. Birds may rule the skies...
Nanao: ...But on the ground, cats are your natural predators.
Akagi: Nanaooo! What the hell are you up to?!
Tsumugi: Y-Yes, what's gotten into the two of you?
Tsumugi: Did you call me here just to lure out Akagi?
Nene: I'm sorry. I know this has nothing to do with you, Shiiba-san.
Nene: But something's happened that I cannot forgive.
Tsumugi: What? Akagi, have you done something?
Akagi: No! I don't recall doing anything!
Nanao: Does the name Atsuma Sayako ring any bells?
*Atsuma-san... The girl who took in the abandoned puppy?*
Tsumugi: Huh? Wait, what does this have to do with Atsuma-san?
Akagi: You know this person, Tsumugi? Well, I don't! Who is she?
Nanao: Playing the fool? Or do you truly not remember?
Nanao: Perhaps you don't bother the learning the names of everyone you attack.
Tsumugi: ...She attacked her?
Akagi: I haven't attacked anyone! Wh-What are you talking about?!
Nene: Atsuma-san's heart should have been on the road to recovery.
Nene: And yet she seems to have lost all motivation recently.
Nene: It is as if she has given up on everything.
*Wait, could this mean a hole opened up in her heart?*
Tsumugi: No way... Does that mean we did something we shouldn't have?
Nene: No, Shiiba-san. As I said, what you did had her on the road to recovery.
Nene: So I took it upon myself to do a bit of investigating.
Nene: And I discovered scars on her heart, proving that it had been forcibly weakened!
Akagi: Wh―?!
Nanao: To have a hole open in one's heart, it must be brittle in the first place.
Nanao: But the only ones capable of forcing one open are witches and alps.
Tsumugi: P-Please, wait! That doesn't mean Akagi did it!
Nene: Shiiba-san, have you forgotten her past transgressions? Akagi forcibly weakened Hoshina-kun's heart and opened a hole in it.
Tsumugi: W-Well...
*She has done this before.*
*But this still doesn't make sense. Even if she still thinks she has done nothing wrong, surely she has learned how badly it can backfire on her.*
Nene: Hoshina-kun and Atsuma-san are both incredibly kind-hearted people.
Nene: ...So kind-hearted that they are easy to wound.
Nene: I could never forgive someone for purposely targeting those kinds of people.
Tsumugi: Ayachi-san...
*I've never seen Ayachi-san look like this before.*
*She is seriously pissed off.*
Tsumugi: B-But you didn't have to up and attack her. You could try and talk―
Nanao: I'm sorry, Shiiba-san. But there'd be no chasing her if she were to take flight.
Nanao: This area falls under my territory, and I have a duty to protect it.
Akagi: Gah, even so... Does that give you the right to do as you please?!
Nanao: I should be asking you the same thing.
Nanao: Of course, I will give you a chance to defend yourself.
Nanao: However, our investigations have also discovered that your progress towards becoming human has vastly accelerated as of late.
Nanao: I doubt you will be able to explain that so easily.
*Hm?*
Akagi: ...What?
Tsumugi: Ah, ahh... Well, errm...
Nene: Shiiba-san, do you know anything?
Tsumugi: U-Um, I'm sorry!
*Shiiba-san pulls me out of her bag.*
Tsumugi: Th-This is Shuuji-kun.
Nene: Hm? Yes, I remember you saying that's the name you gave the teddy bear.
Tsumugi: No, that's not what I mean. I really should have explained this sooner.
Tsumugi: He tried to take on some of my debt and ended up like this.
Tsumugi: ...This is really Hoshina Shuuji-kun.
Nene: What do you mean by that?
Shuuji: Yeah, um... I'm really sorry.
*Both Ayachi-san and Souma-san are struck speechless.*
*The only people who can hear me are witches and alps, and among them, only those who are aware of my true form.*
*So Tsumugi's explanation has allowed them to finally understand me.*
Shuuji: I struck a deal to allow Tsumugi to be free of her compensation for a few hours each day.
Shuuji: In exchange, I'm only allowed to be human for those same few hours. Outside of that time, I return to this form.
Nene: Wait, you mean the debt from her contract? That can turn someone into a teddy bear?
Nanao: It could never happen with a normal contract. Is this really Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Yes, though I'm not sure how I'm meant to prove it.
Nanao: No, I'll believe you. You really have done something stupid.
Nanao: I hope both you and Akagi have learned that nothing good can come of disregarding the rules to form an irregular contract.
Akagi: H-Humph! This at least proves my innocence!
Nanao: I don't know. That doesn't prove... Hm? You...
*Souma-san's expression suddenly changes.*
*What just happened?*
*Akagi takes advantage of Nanao's confusion to break free.*
Akagi: You're just slandering me with false accusations in a pathetic attempt to frame me!
Nanao: I have a duty to investigate any incidents that occur in my territory.
Nanao: I'm sorry, but this has not changed the fact that you are the most likely suspect at the current point in time.
Nanao: And it'd be especially bad if this is happening because I let you off the hook last time.
Akagi: H-How dare you?! I've been saying from the start that I didn't do it!
Tsumugi: A-Akagi, calm down.
Akagi: But... I didn't do it!
Akagi: If I say I didn't do it, then I didn't do it!
*Akagi storms out of the Schwarze Katze.*
*That Akagi... Was she crying?*
Nene: ...Were we wrong about her?
Nanao: We have no other suspects. At least, not at the present.
Tsumugi: U-Umm, I don't think Akagi did it.
Shuuji: Sorry, but neither do I.
Shuuji: Like, she might be stupid, but she's not a bad person.
Nanao: Heh, I know that. But that still doesn't prove her innocence.
Nanao: The only alp who has changed territories recently is Akagi.
Nanao: And moreover, she specifically chose to encroach on mine.
Tsumugi: But...
Nanao: And can you really trust an alp who would make your boyfriend pay such an enormous price?
Tsumugi: I believe her... Akagi may have done some horrible things, and she may have been deceptive...
Tsumugi: But she never truly lies.
Tsumugi: She would never insist that she hadn't done something if it wasn't the truth!
Nanao: You have a point. She isn't that cunning.
Nanao: If she were then, circumstances aside...
Shuuji: Souma-san?
Nanao: Is it not possible that with Akagi's progress towards becoming human, she has gained additional wisdom?
Nanao: It may seem obvious that there's another culprit, but we have to consider all possibilities.
Tsumugi: Well, yeah, that's possible.
*It's a sound argument.*
*But something's bothering me about the expression on Souma-san's face. It's the same one she had when Akagi pushed her away.*
Nanao: Nene, I apologize, but I'm going to need your help with my investigation.
Nanao: It wouldn't be good if more victims appeared.
Nene: I planned to do as much.
Nene: I apologize for getting the two of you involved as well.
Tsumugi: No, don't. You haven't done anything wrong.
Nene: I don't think that I'll be able to show up at the club for a while.
*This definitely won't leave her with enough spare time for the OC.*
*But, assuming the culprit is someone else, who could it be, and what the hell is their goal?*
*Tsumugi looks at me in the eye. It looks like she's wondering the same thing.*
*We arrive home to find someone already inside.*
Akagi: *sob* *sob*... *hic*
Tsumugi: Akagi... You're crying.
*Tsumugi reaches out for the light switch but decides not to flip it.*
*She walks over to Akagi in silence strokes her back.*
Akagi: Stop that. I don't... want your sympathy.
Tsumugi: Oh, I'm sorry.
Akagi: Both you and the boy doubt me too, don't you?
Shuuji: Hey, Akagi! Tsumugi's been sticking up for you, you know?
Tsumugi: It's fine. For a moment... I did consider the possibility.
Akagi: ~!
Shuuji: Hey, Tsumugi...
Tsumugi: I didn't know how to respond when they mentioned that you opened the hole in Shuuji-kun's heart.
Akagi: I-I knew it! I knew you also―
Tsumugi: Akagi. You need to think about what you've done.
Tsumugi: It's because you're not apologetic that people doubt you.
Tsumugi: As things stand, even if they find the true culprit this time, you'll be doubted more if something like this ever happens again.
Tsumugi: Do you plan on just hugging your knees and crying if that happens?
Tsumugi: I would certainly hope not.
*She refuses to unconditionally believe in or support Akagi.*
*Which is what makes her so persuasive.*
Akagi: Wh-What are you saying, then? Do you believe me or not?!
Akagi: I didn't do it! So why do I have to get lectured as if I did?!
Shuuji: Akagi? You need to think about what Tsumugi is telling you.
Akagi: No! I don't care! You'll all just keep doubting me, anyway!
Shuuji: H-Hey!
*She runs away again, this time out of Tsumugi's house.*
Shuuji: What the hell does she think she's doing by running away?
Tsumugi: It's okay, Shuuji-kun... I may have gone a bit too far.
Shuuji: No you didn't. Not at all.
Shuuji: You could never have said those things unless you truly care about her.
Shuuji: At least, that's the impression I got.
Shuuji: It'll just take time for Akagi to process. She'll come to understand what you said eventually.
Tsumugi: ...I hope so.
*Left alone in the dreary, dark room, the two of us remain motionless for a while.*
*The only illumination is that of the moon's light, sneaking in through the curtain gap.*
Tsumugi: Hey, do you think we should search for the culprit?
Shuuji: I was actually just thinking that.
Shuuji: Not just for Akagi, though. This asshole is going after people with weak hearts.
Shuuji: We can't just ignore that.
Tsumugi: Yeah. Thank you.
Tsumugi: I understand why Ayachi-san said she can't forgive the culprit.
Tsumugi: I hope Akagi understands too.
*There are things in this world one should never do.*
*Even if you happen to be a witch, an alp or something else outside the norm.*
*Your status changes nothing.*
================================================================================
Nene: You mean you want to help us find the culprit?
*The first thing we do the next day is go and talk to Ayachi-san.*
*We had her come to the clubroom with us so we can talk without being overheard.*
Tsumugi: Yeah, I really don't think Akagi did it. There has to be a different culprit.
Shuuji: Souma-san said you have no other suspects, which must mean you have no other leads.
Shuuji: So wouldn't it be better if you had more manpower to search with?
Nene: I-Indeed...
*For some reason, Ayachi-san seems to be having a hard time speaking when she looks at me.*
Shuuji: Huh? Are you finding it hard to speak to me?
Nene: Sorry. I know it's you, Hoshina-kun, but...
Nene: Talking to a teddy bear is somewhat embarrassing.
Tsumugi: Is it? I find it easy since he's so cute.
*Tsumugi's never had a problem with talking to me, now that I think about it.*
*I guess it's different for everyone.*
Nene: In any case, personally I would be delighted to have your assistance.
Shuuji: Why just "personally"?
Tsumugi: Does Souma-san still not trust Akagi?
Nene: Nanao says it's a problem of possibilities.
Nene: What if information were to leak to the potential culprit? The risk is too great to bear.
Tsumugi: So Nanao would deny us just in case?
Nene: She most likely would.
*It's a valid argument, which makes it much less likely that she'll change her mind.*
Shuuji: But you think differently, Ayachi-san?
Nene: Yes... As I said yesterday, I can never forgive the culprit.
Nene: Atsuma-san had just lost a very dear friend to her and was trying to form a relationship with a new friend.
Nene: I allowed her to absorb my fragments, which seems to have stabilized her.
Nene: But as you know, this is only a temporary measure.
Shuuji: Y-You went that far for her?!
Nene: Yes. In this case, at least, I can just reclaim my fragments from the culprit.
Tsumugi: But how are you planning on doing that?
Nene: Well, I could shoot them with my gun, or you could hit them with your hammer.
Shuuji: So, it would basically be the same as any other collection?
Nene: Not that I've tried it out yet.
Nene: Nanao says that fragments were forcibly taken from someone's heart have a strong desire to return there.
Nene: So if we can get them to scatter, they should do the rest on their own.
*Basically, if we retrieve the stolen fragments from the culprit and return them to Atsuma-san, then the fragments Ayachi-san lent to her will be returned as well.*
*Just like how the fragments I absorbed seem to have all made it back to her bottle.*
*All we've gotta do is bring the culprit to justice.*
Tsumugi: So, can we help you out?
Nene: Of course you can.
Nene: However, do you think we could divide our search efforts?
Nene: I would be going directly against Nanao's wishes if we were to work together, but there shouldn't be an issue if we work separately.
Shuuji: Yeah, and I'd rather not get into an argument about it.
Nene: Me neither. Our main objective is to see if there are any alps or witches around that we don't know about.
Nene: There may also be other victims we haven't discovered yet.
Tsumugi: Right! There definitely might be.
Nene: Finding those with weakened hearts is just as difficult as finding those with fragments to collect.
Nene: Just finding them takes a considerable amount of effort.
Nene: But... the more victims we find, the more we'll be able to narrow down the culprit's territory.
Tsumugi: Ugh, I sure hope there aren't that many victims.
Shuuji: So... the more our culprit acts out, the better chance we have of catching them?
Nene: Exactly.
Nene: Nanao has already been in contact with the nearby alps and has asked them for information.
Nene: If this is a habitual criminal, then they may have done similar things in other areas.
Shuuji: Hmm... It'll be impossible to track them down if they work in that large of an area.
Tsumugi: We'll just have to do what we can. We can have other witches and alps investigate the areas outside of our reach.
Nene: Right. I plan on investigating the area around the school.
Nene: Do you think you two could investigate the area around the station?
Shuuji: Why there?
Nene: It seems that Atsuma-san's house is near the station.
*I see. We're starting with the places she spends most of her time at.*
Tsumugi: Sure! I'll be in touch if we find anything.
Nene: Okay, and I'll be in touch as well.
*With our lack of leads, we're really just taking a shot in the dark here.*
*But regardless, we begin our investigation.*
Shuuji: So, how do you search for a witch or an alp, anyway?
Tsumugi: How did you search for me before I joined the OC?
Tsumugi: Ayachi-san realized there was another witch around, right?
Shuuji: We didn't really do anything.
Shuuji: We just found someone who had retrievable fragments and waited for you to show up.
Shuuji: Basically, we baited you.
Tsumugi: Then why don't we bait out the culprit too?
Tsumugi: We can just look for people who have retrievable fragments.
Shuuji: I dunno. Our culprit here doesn't obtain fragments the usual way. That's why we're in this predicament.
Shuuji: Let's keep that idea as a last-ditch effort but think of something else for now.
Tsumugi: Right. Hmm... Oh! How about I transform into a witch and keep a lookout for people who can see me?
Shuuji: No, that's way too dangerous.
Shuuji: They'll be able to tell who we are, but we won't know who they are.
Shuuji: And there's a good chance that whoever this is knows how to fight.
*Similarly out of the question is making people aware I'm a human and then trying to find anyone who can hear me.*
*These methods are much too indirect.*
*If only we had an actual lead to go on.*
Tsumugi: This is tough... I guess we're just gonna have to look around.
Shuuji: Yeah...
*That's easier said than done, though. The station area is crowded with people at this time of day.*
*How are we meant to search for a culprit in this crowd who may or may not even exist?*
Tsumugi: Alright, you ready? We have no other options, so we just gotta do this!
*Tsumugi takes out her bottle and begins hunting for a reaction.*
Tsumugi: I don't think there's any way to search for an alp, but witches tend to have lots of fragments, so we should be able to find them with this.
Shuuji: Right... And if we find a witch, we should be able to find their alp before too long.
*Though, we'll be in trouble if the culprit is an alp without a witch.*
*But there's no point in saying that now.*
*As Tsumugi said, this is the only thing we can do.*
*I start searching through the people around us too.*
*There's always a chance I might find a victim or someone with fragments ready to be collected.*
Shuuji: ~~~~~!
Tsumugi: Is something wrong, Shuuji-kun?
Shuuji: N-No. I'm just a bit tired.
*To be honest, I'm not tired. I'm just not feeling well.*
*Turns out, I can still get nauseous as a teddy bear.*
Tsumugi: Oh! That's right. You don't like being in large crowds.
Shuuji: I'm fine. I just need to rest for... Oh crap!
Tsumugi: Did you spot something?
Shuuji: N-No.
Shuuji: I think I'm... gonna return to human form in a minute.
*I've gotten used to this form enough to be able to tell when a transformation is coming.*
Tsumugi: Huh? Already?
Shuuji: Yeah. It's not like there's a fixed time when I go back to being human. Looks like it's early today.
Tsumugi: What do we do? Want to escape from this crowd somewhere?
Shuuji: We won't be able to make it all the way back to your place in time.
Tsumugi: Right. Actually, isn't there a place nearby we could go?
Shuuji: Where do you mean?
Tsumugi: Hehehe. Have you forgotten, Shuuji-kun?
Shuuji: ......?
*Oh right, I still have my own home. I've been avoiding going there since becoming a teddy bear, but it's not like I can't go back.*
*I realize just how much I miss the place the moment we enter.*
*Moments after entering the living room, I turn back into a human.*
Shuuji: Phew. We made it just in time.
*Looks like my dad's been keeping the place clean.*
*I'm glad it hasn't turned into a dump.*
*There's nowhere more relaxing than your own home. I find myself sprawling out across the sofa in no time.*
Tsumugi: Hehe. You're like an old man, Shuuji-kun.
Shuuji: Ah, sorry. I shouldn't be neglecting my guest.
Tsumugi: No, it's fine. It's been a while since you've come home.
Tsumugi: You should spend the time to relax now that you're here.
Shuuji: No, I can't do that. Not while we're in the middle of an investigation.
Tsumugi: Geez, Shuuji-kun. Have you forgotten our promise?
*She walks over to me. I sit up and hurriedly try to make space for her.*
*However, Tsumugi pulls my head down onto her lap the moment she sits down.*
Tsumugi: You promised to spend all your time with me while you're human.
Shuuji: I-I did, but does that still apply here?
*She gently strokes my head.*
Tsumugi: Of course. Actually, I'm glad we finally came to your home.
Shuuji: Because you're worried about my dad?
Tsumugi: Yes, kind of, but also because you don't have a change of clothes.
Tsumugi: It hasn't been a big deal so far since you're only human for a few hours each day, but...
Shuuji: Yeah, fair point.
Shuuji: I'll just go to my room and―
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun?
*I try to get up, but she pulls my head back onto her lap.*
Tsumugi: You promised to stay with me.
Shuuji: S-So I did.
*And so she spends the next fifteen minutes stroking my head.*
Shuuji: You're treating me like a teddy even when I'm human now.
Tsumugi: Hehehe. I love you, Shuuji-kun.
*She's not denying it?!*
*Eventually, we manage to make it to my room.*
Shuuji: Looks like it hasn't been touched since I was last here.
*Although, thinking about it, my dad should have forgotten that I exist.*
*I'm a little surprised he hasn't disposed of everything here.*
*Maybe he hasn't even come home since then? It would explain why the rest of the place is so clean.*
Shuuji: Well, he IS a workaholic.
Shuuji: Maybe he's staying the night at work all the time now that he's forgotten about me?
Shuuji: With all the carryout he's eating, he better not complain to me if his next physical goes horribly.
Tsumugi: Hehehe, despite everything you say, you really are worried about your dad.
Shuuji: N-No I'm not.
Shuuji: But anyway... If he comes home, he's not gonna have any idea who I am, is he?
Tsumugi: Hmm, I dunno. That would probably turn into a pretty messy situation.
Shuuji: Right. It'd be like he suddenly found two strangers in his own home.
Tsumugi: He should remember me, though.
Shuuji: Oh yeah. You met him when I was sick. Well, it's not like he's gonna come home at this time, anyway.
Tsumugi: So, where do you keep your clothes?
Shuuji: Oh, in that dresser there.
*Tsumugi casually walks over and opens one of the drawers.*
Tsumugi: Whoa! I-It's your underwear!
Shuuji: Hey, what do you think you're doing?!
Tsumugi: Y-You'll need these too, right?
*Tsumugi looks like a thief caught in the act.*
Shuuji: Okay, that's enough! I can prepare my own change of clothes!
Tsumugi: Y-You don't need to be embarrassed about it.
Shuuji: You're the one who's blushing.
Tsumugi: I-I mean, it's possible that, in the future, I'll...
Tsumugi: ...H-Have to wash your underwear, isn't it?
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Tsumugi: Oh... It isn't?
Shuuji: No, it's definitely possible... I mean, that'd be nice...
Tsumugi: Yeah... Ehehe. Then it's fine, right?
Tsumugi: Let me prepare your clothes for you.
*Tsumugi turns her back to me and starts packing my clothes away into a duffel bag.*
*...This is unfair.*
*Why is it that my heart is beating so fast during a simple conversation about male underwear?*
Tsumugi: Hyahn! Sh-Shuuji-kun?
*Unable to hold back, I pull her into a tight hug from behind.*
Tsumugi: Wh-What are you doing? I can't pack your clothes like this.
Shuuji: That's fine. Save that for later... We need to keep our promise, first.
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun... Ah... *kiss* Mm, mmpah... *kiss* Mm, mmm!
*I lean over her shoulder and press my lips against hers.*
*I'm barely able to last a second before I get the urge to push my tongue into her mouth.*
Tsumugi: *kiss* Haah... Shuuji-kun, you're so forceful.
Shuuji: I love you, Tsumugi.
Tsumugi: Have you... gotten in the mood for something naughty?
Tsumugi: I-If so, could you say that again?
Shuuji: I love you. I love you, Tsumugi!
Tsumugi: Thanks. I love you too, Shuuji-kun! Hiyah!
*This time, it's Tsumugi's turn to pull me into a hug.*
Tsumugi: *kiss* Shuuji-kun... *kiss* Mm... *kiss* *kiss* Mm, ahh...
Shuuji: Tsumugi... *kiss* A-Are you sure?
Tsumugi: I am... Could you sit over there?
================================================================================
*To share the results of yesterday's investigation, we've come to the clubroom with Ayachi-san.*
Nene: I see. So you haven't turned up any leads, either...
Tsumugi: I guess you've had no luck either, Ayachi-san?
Nene: No... Even Nanao thinks it's strange how little there is.
Nene: She says she should be able to sniff out any alps nearby.
Shuuji: Huh. Alps can do that?
Shuuji: Wish we could get Akagi to help us, then.
Tsumugi: Yeah... We haven't seen her since the other day.
*Akagi's name would be cleared if we actually found the culprit.*
*But she's probably still holding a grudge.*
*Even if she were around, it's possible she wouldn't help us.*
Nene: Regardless, this isn't going smoothly.
Tsumugi: Yeah. I guess we'll just have to keep searching the local areas.
Shuuji: Well, we were assuming that victims would be popping up one after the other.
Shuuji: That's one thing I'm glad to be wrong about.
*Even though our job is harder for it.*
Tsumugi: Hey, Ayachi-san. Are there any other good ways to investigate?
Nene: If there are, I wish someone would tell me.
Nene: I'll let you know if I think of anything.
Tsumugi: And I'll do the same, of course.
Nene: Thanks. The weekend starts tomorrow, but we can keep in touch through our phones.
*Having made no progress during our meeting, we decide to simply loiter around the station again.*
Tsumugi: We can't find them at all.
Shuuji: ...Nope.
*We were unlikely to get any results by going to the same place and doing the same thing as yesterday.*
Shuuji: But the fact that we haven't found anything means their attack was a one-time offense.
Shuuji: As unfortunate as that is for Atsuma-san.
Tsumugi: Yeah... We have to consider that if no new victims come up.
Tsumugi: Perhaps we should shift our focus to treating Atsuma-san.
Shuuji: Maybe.
*It doesn't feel right to leave the culprit at large, though.*
Tsumugi: Hey, Shuuji-kun, want to go and check in with your dad again?
Shuuji: Hm? Yeah... I'd like to know if he's okay.
*His heart seemed pretty weak.*
*A parent and child both getting holes in their hearts would be no laughing matter.*
Shuuji: Sorry about this.
Tsumugi: It's fine. I'm worried about him too. Want to head over there now?
Shuuji: Yeah. Judging by how he was yesterday, I doubt he's able to put his all into his work.
Shuuji: Let's drop by the house and see, at least.
*And so we head to my house.*
Taichi: Oh, is that you, Shiiba-san?
Tsumugi: ...Huh? Hoshina-san!
Taichi: I knew it! I came over as soon as I saw you.
*Oh? He seems cheerful today.*
*I ought to be delighted, but the change is so massive that I'm in shock.*
*He's carrying a rather large bag, too.*
Tsumugi: Actually, I was just thinking about coming to see you...
Taichi: Ahh, sorry for making you worry. But I'm all fine now.
Tsumugi: That's great. But, umm, has Shuuji-ku―I mean, have you always kept a dog?
Taichi: Oh, talking about this?
*My dad lifts up the paper bag he's carrying.*
*There's a dog-raising set inside!*
Taichi: Actually, I found a stray puppy, and I decided to keep him.
Tsumugi: Oh, really?
Taichi: You gave me a start there, though. You said "Shuji" just now, didn't you?
Tsumugi: Huh? E-Errm, I...
*Has he remembered me?!*
Taichi: How do you know the dog's name?
Tsumugi: ...Huh?
Tsumugi: Oh, i-it's the dog's name?
Taichi: Oh, was I wrong? Well, that makes sense. I haven't told anyone yet! Hahaha!
*What a misleading name.*
*And why does everyone keep naming things after me?*
Taichi: Anyway, I feel much more motivated now that there's someone waiting for me at home.
Tsumugi: Hoshina-san... That's the spirit. Please work hard for Shuuji-kun.
Taichi: Hahaha. I feel like a dad right now! See you later!
*My dad runs off more energetically than you would expect from a man his age.*
*It seems he's found a new pet to love.*
Tsumugi: Isn't this great, Shuuji-kun?
Shuuji: Geez, my dad never changes.
Shuuji: We'd have world peace if everyone could move on as quickly as he does.
Tsumugi: Hehe. I can tell how relieved you are.
Tsumugi: I bet that has something to do with the dog's name.
Shuuji: Hmm, I dunno... Hm?
Tsumugi: Ah, it's Akagi.
*We spot her across the road, a little ways down.*
Tsumugi: There she goes... Did she not notice us?
Shuuji: ...Dunno.
*I'm too busy wondering why she went down the same road as my dad just now.*
*I'm sure it's just a coincidence.*
*...Right?*
================================================================================
*I'd been assuming last night's encounter with Akagi was a coincidence... until a new victim appeared.*
*A little earlier today, Souma-san got in touch with us through Ayachi-san.*
*As soon as we heard the news, Tsumugi grabbed hold of me and set off running.*
Tsumugi: *pant* *pant*!
*No, this can't be... I don't want to believe it. He doesn't deserve this.*
*Just yesterday, he was...!*
*My emotions turn from blazing hot to ice cold the moment we arrive at the scene.*
*There has been no mistake, nor is this a dream.*
*This is reality. *
Taichi: ...Oh.
Taichi: ...Welcome.
*A lethargic attitude and eyes like a dead fish.*
*It's like I'm looking in a mirror.*
*I looked like this every day? I... I don't believe it...*
Nene: Nanao found him collapsed on the side of the road by chance. He was already like this.
Nanao: What happened to him seems to have been rather violent.
Nanao: His heart has been tattered... with a hole wrenched open in it.
Nanao: I'm sorry. I never could have imagined that your father would be targeted.
Shuuji: ...It's not your fault.
*I didn't consider the possibility, either.*
*Even though I knew my dad's heart was weak.*
*Even though I knew the culprit was targeting people with weakened hearts.*
*This is my fault more than anyone else's.*
*I made a stupid deal with Akagi without thinking, and as a result, my dad lost the one thing that kept him going.*
*It's all my fault.*
*Because of that, I have no right saying what I'm about to say.*
*But the words leave my lips before I know it.*
Shuuji: ...Who was it?
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun?
Shuuji: Who did this to my dad? WHO WAS IT?!
*I deserve whatever I get for my stupidity.*
*But not my dad. He did nothing!*
*He was always so cheerful, no matter how hard the situation.*
*He loved his wife, he loved his job...*
*And he worked hard for his family... for me.*
*Who would target someone like him?! Who would do something so horrible?!*
Shuuji: Why, goddammit... Why my dad? Dammit! God fucking dammit!
Tsumugi: ~~!
*Just then, Tsumugi holds her bottle out toward my dad.*
*Glowing white feathers spill forth and are absorbed into him.*
Taichi: Ahh... How strange. This light... It feels so warm.
Tsumugi: It's a good luck charm. Take a nice, long sleep as soon as you start feeling better.
Tsumugi: I think that'd be for the best.
*My dad is carried to his bedroom.*
Shuuji: ...Tsumugi, are you sure about that? Those were all your fragments.
Tsumugi: It's fine. I'll just get them back when we catch the criminal.
Tsumugi: Your dad's heart and all the fragments from it belong to him.
Tsumugi: Isn't that right, Ayachi-san?
Nene: Yes, of course... You don't mind either, do you, Nanao?
Nanao: I hope you're not misunderstanding something, Nene. The rules in the alp world exist primarily to protect us alps.
Nene: ...Nanao?
Nanao: We only avoid harming humans more than necessary in order to maintain a harmonious relationship with our witches.
*Souma-san stands up from the wall she was leaning on.*
Nanao: But even so, I can never forgive this! Not once in my life has someone come into my territory and infuriated me so!
Nanao: I will find them if it's the last thing I do. I will not let them go unpunished!
Nanao: I swear I will make whoever did this pay for their crimes!
*Souma-san has always acted composed, never letting her emotions show.*
*I thought that was largely because she was an alp and didn't actually have any emotions to show.*
*But now she's laying her emotions bare.*
Shuuji: Thank you, Souma-san.
Shuuji: And thank you, Tsumugi.
Shuuji: If there's anything I can do to help―anything at all―just tell me!
Nanao: We will. We shall all cooperate together now.
Nanao: This is no time to allow small differences to get in our way.
Tsumugi: Then do you mean Akagi can... Huh?
*We hear the fluttering of a bird's wings just outside the window.*
*Looking over, we see a single large raven speeding into the distance.*
Shuuji: Was that Akagi? Was she listening in?
Nene: She was probably watching over Shiiba-san, no?
Shuuji: I dunno, but... Ah!
Tsumugi: Are you thinking what I'm thinking, Shuuji-kun?
Shuuji: You too, Tsumugi?
Nanao: What's going on? What are you thinking?
*I tell them how we saw Akagi going down the same road as my dad last night.*
Shuuji: She didn't seem to notice us at all back then.
Nanao: Which means it's possible she wasn't watching over Shiiba-san, but Hoshina-kun's father?
Tsumugi: Then that means she might know something.
Nanao: Good grief. If she's not the criminal, then I wish she'd stop acting so suspiciously.
Nene: At the very least, it's possible that she's seen the criminal.
Nene: If she went down the same road, then she should have passed by the spot we found Hoshina-kun's father at.
Nanao: So then, we have to get her to tell us what she saw.
Tsumugi: U-Umm, would you mind leaving Akagi to me?
Tsumugi: I have a feeling she's not going to be straightforward with us.
Nanao: ...Very well. I would most likely start a fight, I know.
Nanao: If there's anything else bothering you, then speak up. We need to share our information.
Shuuji: Oh, that reminds me! What was with that dog-raising set?
Tsumugi: It's over there.
*She turned me so I can look at it.*
*So the set is here, but the puppy in question isn't? And there's no sign of it having been used, either.*
Shuuji: Didn't he say yesterday that he took in an abandoned puppy?
Nanao: Maybe it ran away when he was attacked?
Nene: That's possible, but... a puppy? And he only took it in yesterday?
Tsumugi: Yeah, that's what he said. What of it?
Nene: Well, I just remembered how the puppy Atsuma-san took in is still unaccounted for.
Tsumugi: Oh!
Shuuji: ...You think it's a coincidence?
*Could this be the same puppy I saw walking around the town several days ago?*
Nanao: Wait, they're both puppies? Not adult dogs?
Shuuji: Supposedly, yeah, though I never saw the one my dad mentioned.
Nanao: Then, could this be...
Nene: Nanao, do you know something?
Nanao: No, nothing definitive. And in any event, Akagi's testimony comes first.
Nanao: I don't want to risk us going into this with false preconceptions.
Tsumugi: Yeah, alright. We'll get started, then.
*That being said, it's not going to be easy getting a hold of Akagi. She can fly wherever she pleases.*
*Thankfully, it seems Tsumugi has a trick up her sleeve.*
Tsumugi: First, we'll need to go to the supermarket.
Shuuji: Huh?
Tsumugi: There should be the end-of-day clearance sale on now.
*Is she thinking of preparing dinner or something?*
Tsumugi: Alright, all done.
Shuuji: This looks delicious!
*The table is covered with chicken dumplings, boiled turnips and meatloaf.*
Shuuji: You're not just slacking off or anything, are you?
Tsumugi: Of course not. This is all part of my plan.
Tsumugi: Akagi is too elusive for us to track down, right?
Shuuji: Yeah, I'd say so.
Tsumugi: Then all we have to do is make her come to us.
Shuuji: So you made all this food to lure her in?
Tsumugi: Yeah. Chicken dumplings are her favorite.
*What a simple plan.*
*Would she really let herself be baited by chicken dumplings?*
Shuuji: I do remember her talking about chicken dumplings before, though...
Shuuji: Wait a moment. Akagi's a raven, right?
Tsumugi: Yeah. Why do you ask?
Shuuji: Well, I mean... Chickens are birds, right?
Tsumugi: Why are you telling me something so obvious...? Fweh?
Shuuji: Isn't that a tad cannibalistic?
Tsumugi: W-W-Wait a moment! She's always eaten them without a problem! She always says how great they are!
Tsumugi: She has them once or twice a week without fail. S-Seriously?!
Tsumugi: H-Have I been turning Akagi into a c-c-cannibal all this time?
Akagi: You fools.
*A voice enters the room from the veranda.*
Akagi: I may be a bird, but don't lump me in with chickens!
Shuuji: Akagi! You actually showed up!
Akagi: Just so you know, I wasn't lured here by the food.
Akagi: You seemed to want to talk to me, so I decided to come. That is all.
*Or so she says. She's still heading straight for the dinner table.*
*Tsumugi serves her up some white rice.*
Tsumugi: Here you go, Akagi.
Akagi: Excellent... Tsumugi? Where's the soy sauce?
Akagi: Chicken dumplings require soy sauce!
Shuuji: Are you really okay with being a cannibal?
Akagi: This doesn't make me a cannibal! It's true that humans may not either other primates too often.
Akagi: But most of you eat cow or pig, do you not?
Akagi: There is a similar level of difference between chickens and ravens.
Shuuji: Is there? All birds look the same to me.
Akagi: Humans are so obsessed with appearances.
Akagi: To me, all mammals seem the same. The only difference is if they walk on two or four legs.
Akagi: Regardless, I would prefer it if you did not group me with these pathetic flightless creatures.
*Akagi uses one of her hands to stuff her face with meatloaf while using the other to dip her dumplings in soy sauce.*
Akagi: Mmm! Your cooking truly is splendid, Tsumugi!
Akagi: When I become human, I think I shall hire you as my personal chef.
Tsumugi: Hehe. It's been a long time since we last ate together, Akagi.
Akagi: Humph. So? Was there not something you wanted to talk about?
Tsumugi: Yeah... You already know, I think.
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun's dad was attacked.
Akagi: Of course. I used him as bait.
Shuuji: ...You used him?
Akagi: As bait, yes.
Akagi: The criminal selects humans weak of heart to attack.
Akagi: So I had the brilliant idea of finding a suitable piece of bait and waiting for them to attack.
Shuuji: You little...! So, you knew there was a good chance my dad would be attacked?
Shuuji: But you just used him?!
Akagi: If I didn't, I wouldn't have been able to be there when he was attacked, would I?
Akagi: Or are you going to say I attacked him myself?
*Of course, Tsumugi and I realize that Akagi isn't the culprit.*
*But what she's done is barely any different.*
*Has nothing Tsumugi told her sunk in?*
Akagi: What? Did you two not prepare bait to lure me out here too?
Tsumugi: Akagi...
*Tsumugi stabs a dumpling with her chopsticks and thrusts it towards Akagi.*
Tsumugi: You saw the culprit, right? Did you not come here to tell us about them?
Akagi: Humph. The culprit is neither alp nor witch. That's why Nanao has been struggling to find them.
Akagi: I failed to notice them at first, even when they were right in front of my eyes.
Shuuji: ...What do you mean?
Akagi: It's just an animal that's trying to become an alp.
Akagi: It knows not the rules, nor does it seem capable of distinguishing between right and wrong. And so it is running amok.
Shuuji: So who is it then?!
Akagi: Shuji-kun.
Tsumugi: ...Huh?
Shuuji: Are you screwing with me?
Akagi: That's his name.
Shuuji: Are you actually... Wait. Don't tell me!
Tsumugi: So it is him, after all?
Tsumugi: The puppy that Atsuma-san took in, right? The same one that Shuuji-kun's dad picked up?
Akagi: Exactly.
Akagi: What you see is an animal on the verge of becoming an alp. During this process, the animal's age can be reset.
Akagi: Though it appears as a puppy, it is in fact a dog almost twenty years of age.
*Come to think of it, Souma-san looks like a kitten when she enters her animal form.*
Shuuji: So we found it in adult dog clothes because it had just completed its transformation?
Shuuji: And then we... we caused this by giving it to Atsuma-san?
Akagi: Most likely so.
Akagi: It is possible for even the one becoming an alp to not realize they've entered the transformation process.
Akagi: So for you to have not realized is no surprise, boy.
*Still, knowing that we're the ones who started this is shocking.*
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun, at least we're the ones who picked him up.
Tsumugi: If we hadn't, the victim count could have skyrocketed without anyone realizing.
Tsumugi: We were only able to tell something was wrong because we were involved.
Shuuji: Yeah, I know.
Shuuji: At least we know who the culprit is now.
Tsumugi: Yeah, now we just have to work together with everyone to catch them.
Akagi: With everyone? Why?
*Akagi snorts derisively at us.*
*It's not at all like her usual laugh.*
Akagi: I was the one who found him, no? All you did was run around like headless chickens, unable to do a thing.
Akagi: I sincerely doubt you ever would have uncovered the truth had you continued the investigation on your own.
Shuuji: Maybe, but...
*It's true that, even if we did think of using someone as bait, I never would've been able to use my dad.*
Shuuji: Okay, so what are you getting at?
Akagi: I've found the culprit before Nanao, and now I wish to leave her speechless.
Akagi: It matters not how many of you humans end up as victims.
Shuuji: Wh-What was that?
Akagi: Cooperation with you wouldn't get me any closer to my goal.
Shuuji: ...You're the worst.
Akagi: Kukuku. I believe I've made my hatred for humans perfectly clear.
Akagi: In fact, I've already found the pup's nest.
Akagi: All I need to do now is to go there. Cooperation is unnecessary.
Shuuji: Then... could you at least return the heart fragments you get from the culprit?
*I suppress my displeasure at her methods and plead for her help.*
*Returning my dad and Atsuma-san back to normal is what matters most.*
Akagi: Don't be foolish. I found him, so I get the prize!
Tsumugi: Akagi...!
*If I were human right now, I would have grabbed her by the shoulders.*
*No, actually, I don't think I would.*
*Not with the tears Tsumugi is shedding.*
Akagi: Wh-What are you crying for? I'm just exercising my rightful claim as the one who found him.
Tsumugi: ...Why are you forcing yourself to do this?
Akagi: What?
Tsumugi: All I see when I look at you is a girl pretending to be tough.
Tsumugi: Because I know you're not a bad girl, Akagi.
Tsumugi: So why? Why are you forcing yourself to act like one? Please, help us get Shuuji-kun's dad back to normal!
Akagi: ~~!
*Even Akagi is shaken by this.*
*But her expression remains as smug as ever.*
Akagi: I-I have always been like this!
Akagi: Since the very day I was born!
Akagi: I may have shown reserve around Nanao in the past, but now I am the one on top!
Akagi: I do not sympathize with humans like she does.
Akagi: Sympathy only serves to slow down the fragment collection process!
Akagi: Only the most useless of alps bother with it.
*Akagi bitterly rants and raves.*
*But through seeing this, I can tell that Tsumugi was right.*
*I don't know why, but she's forcing this act upon herself.*
Shuuji: Hey, Akagi. Remember how you told me why it is you want to be human?
Shuuji: Was that a lie?
Tsumugi: ...Huh?
Akagi: Humph, my friends are different from the rest of you humans.
*My question failed to perturb her any further.*
*In fact, it seems to have helped her regain her composure.*
Shuuji: Forget about me. Isn't Tsumugi one of your friends?
Akagi: O-Of course she is! Friendship forms naturally between an alp and her witch.
Akagi: It is a relationship that we take advantage of to achieve our goals.
Shuuji: Do... Do you not realize how sad that way of thinking is?
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun, that's enough.
Akagi: ...Tsumugi?
Tsumugi: Akagi? I think I understand now.
Tsumugi: After saddling me with such a ridiculous debt...
Tsumugi: You're feeling remorse and are trying to stop all the trouble you've caused me.
Akagi: ...!
Tsumugi: When Shuuji-kun was bedridden, you came over right away to let me know. You were so panicked.
Tsumugi: When I saw that, I knew it wasn't a trivial matter.
*Was that why she took the day off school to come and look after me?*
Tsumugi: The night before I went to the amusement park, I was so happy that I could barely sleep.
Tsumugi: But you stayed by my side and listened to every last pointless thought that came out of my mouth.
Tsumugi: Despite how obnoxious I was being, you smiled back at me so happily.
Akagi: ......
Tsumugi: That's why I couldn't truly get mad at you when I found out about the weird deal you'd made with Shuuji-kun.
Tsumugi: Because I knew that you were trying to support us, in your own way.
*Tsumugi looks directly into Akagi's eyes.*
Tsumugi: I've always thought of us as friends, Akagi.
Tsumugi: And I still believe that even now.
Akagi: Y-You fool.
*Akagi averts her gaze.*
Akagi: Everything I do is to further my own goal! And that is the way it has always been!
Tsumugi: Is that really true?
Akagi: Of course it is! If that is what you wish to believe, then go ahead and do so.
Akagi: Just don't go crying when you end up betrayed!
*Akagi slams down her chopsticks and stands up.*
Shuuji: Aren't you going to finish your dumplings? I thought they were your favorite.
Akagi: D-Don't make me out to be a fool! I...
Tsumugi: Then you can have some next time. I'll be sure to save some for you.
Akagi: Ghh... D-Do what you want!
*Akagi transforms back into a raven and leaves through the same window she came in.*
*Why is she being so stubborn?*
*Was she that bothered by what we said?*
Tsumugi: Anyway, we should let Souma-san know, right?
Shuuji: Yeah, we should.
*We know who the culprit is now, but there hasn't been that much progress.*
*In fact, if Akagi truly plans on taking all the fragments for herself, then things have just gotten even worse.*
*We're all going to have to chase after Akagi together.*
Nanao: "I see. So that's what's going on."
*Souma-san responds to Tsumugi's report in a calm tone.*
*Tsumugi has set her phone to speaker mode so I can hear the conversation.*
Nanao: "Regarding the culprit, it being the puppy lines up with my hypothesis."
Nanao: "But we can't allow Akagi to deal with this on her own."
Tsumugi: I agree. I don't think she's serious, but if she were to take the fragments for herself...
Nanao: "Yes, that would be a problem. But not the main one."
Nanao: "I happened to notice something by chance when I grabbed her at the Schwarze Katze the other day."
Nanao: "It seems this is something that Akagi hasn't noticed herself."
*Now that she mentions it, I do remember Souma-san acting strangely.*
Shuuji: What do you mean?
Nanao: "Listen closely. The closer an alp gets to becoming human, the more human their heart becomes."
Nanao: "Which means..."
Nanao: "It is also possible for alps to create fragments and for holes to open in their hearts."
Shuuji: She has a hole in her heart?!
Tsumugi: No way...
*If so, this is bad.*
*Actually, this may be the worst case scenario.*
*The bastard we're dealing with seeks out people with weak hearts and attacks them!*
================================================================================
Puppy: *pant* *pant*
*He appears excited.*
*He's panting heavily and drooling wildly. One could easily mistake him for being rabid.*
*Fire burns in its eyes in anticipation of the hunt to come. He's restless, unable to stay still.*
*However, he has a silent observer high in the sky, watching as he crawls from its den and heads out on the prowl.*
*That observer is Akagi.*
*Eventually, the puppy sets its sights on a single passerby.*
*Akagi folds her jet-black wings in and swoops down.*
Puppy: Grrrrr!
*The dog takes an aggressive stance and lets out a low growl.*
*And yet the passerby still doesn't realize that something is behind him.*
*Have these humans completely forgotten their links to the wilderness?*
Akagi: You better stop that. He doesn't look very tasty.
Puppy: ......!
*Upon hearing Akagi's cry, the puppy jumps back and lowers its body to the ground.*
*These are actions of someone used to the hunt. Its diminutive looks belie its true age.*
Akagi: What's wrong? Still can't assume a human form?
Akagi: Looks like this is your first time meeting another one of us.
*This time, he doesn't growl.*
*Instead, he glares at Akagi while circling around her.*
Akagi: Seems like you don't know, but there are rules when it comes to collecting fragments.
Akagi: New alps need to be taught by their elders.
*She smiles wryly as she remembers how Nanao once drilled the rules into her.*
*But of course, Akagi has no intention of helping this puppy out for free.*
Akagi: I'll be taking all the fragments you've illegally gathered as payment for my lessons.
Puppy: Grrrrrr!
Akagi: Oh, are you trying to threaten me?
Akagi: Or is the little baby alp trying to denote its territory?
Akagi: No matter. Teaching you your place in the world is part of your training regimen.
Puppy: ......
*The puppy leaps forward at Akagi.*
*But she hasn't exactly lived a life of luxury herself.*
*Akagi easily dodges the puppy and restores the distance between them.*
Akagi: You may be fast, but did you really think I'd be that weak?
Akagi: At this rate you'll never even―Hey!
*For reasons Akagi doesn't understand, the puppy turns around and sprints off.*
Akagi: Running away? No, it doesn't look like it... Wait!
Puppy: Arf!
Pedestrian: Whoa?!
*The puppy had ignored Akagi in order to go after its previous target.*
*It jumps up, attempting to sink its fangs into the man's back, right where his heart should be.*
*Except...*
Puppy: ...Arf?!
*The puppy is launched in the other direction by an invisible force.*
*The passerby runs away as Akagi leisurely strolls up.*
Akagi: You fool. Even a seemingly weak human heart can be surprisingly resilient.
Akagi: Fragments are only to be collected when they grow much larger than usual.
Akagi: You can't forcibly take from a person's heart unless they're sufficiently weak.
*As Akagi scolds the puppy, she realizes how she's praising the strength of humans.*
Akagi: (What nonsense am I thinking?)
Akagi: (I do not sympathize with humans. I am not a useless alp!)
*Akagi takes her eyes off the dog in the midst of her internal conflict.*
*And the puppy seizes that opportunity to flee again.*
Akagi: Curses! You are such a handful! Just stay put and accept my lecture!
*After some time, Akagi finally manages to catch up to the puppy.*
Boy: Waahhaahhh! Mommyyyy!
*There she finds a crying child. Perhaps he has gotten lost?*
*The puppy is charging straight at him.*
Akagi: No you don't!
*Is he targeting people with weak hearts?*
*The puppy is as good as captured. Akagi simply has to wait for him to attack the child and stab him in the back then.*
*But she has the child's safety to consider.*
*If she goes with that plan, the child may still end up getting hurt.*
*She wouldn't put it past the dog to prioritize getting a bite over its own safety.*
Akagi: Tch!
*Having no time for this internal conflict, she makes her decision.*
*Why should she care what happens to a human child?*
*The thought crosses her mind. But before she knows it, she has grabbed hold of the dog and is now grappling with him on the ground.*
*After some time trading blows, they both jump away and stare each other down from a distance.*
Boy: ...Huh?
Akagi: Run away, boy! Go back to your mama bird at once!
*She hears footsteps rapidly disappearing behind her as she confronts the puppy.*
*He won't escape this time. For some reason, a sense of duty is welling up within her.*
*She finds herself enraged at the way the dog targets the weak of heart.*
*Akagi was there when Shuuji's dad was attacked, and she failed to consider the puppy dangerous.*
*She was confident then that she could have moved in to help should things have turned south.*
*But the consequences of her naivety have been made abundantly clear.*
*She had no excuse for the way things turned out. That is the real reason for the tough facade she put on in front of Shuuji.*
Akagi: I won't allow you to have your way any longer!
Akagi: If it's a lesson you want, then it's a lesson I'll give you!
Puppy: Grrrrr!
*Something was wrong, though. The puppy seemed calm in its actions.*
*It wasn't trying to run away this time.*
Akagi: Oh? Do you not realize the difference in our―What?!
*Akagi's knees buckle, having been drained of their strength.*
*She looks down at her arm in a daze. There is a small wound there.*
*The puppy's fangs had come into contact with her in their scuffle.*
*But that alone shouldn't have hurt her so much.*
*If Akagi was in her usual state, that is...*
Akagi: Wh-What? C-Could this be...?!
Akagi: My heart?!
*Glistening feathers flutter to the ground.*
*This is the cue that finally allows her to realize...*
*To realize the warped, weakened state of her heart.*
*That the shell has been cracked and a hole has been opened.*
*And that it was caused by the promise she failed to keep fifty years prior.*
*Akagi already knew the truth.*
*That, by now, her friend has most likely already passed away.*
*The more her heart became human, the more that anxiety strengthened within her.*
*That anxiety more than anything drove her desire to become human as soon as possible.*
*She was frantic but also petrified.*
*Petrified of her weakness and how she'd have to resign herself to the truth.*
Puppy: ...Grr!
*The puppy watches Akagi collapse to the ground before finally going after her fragments.*
Akagi: D-Don't!
*She reaches out a hand to stop him.*
*But even a few feet feel like a mile to her right now.*
*Her opponent pays her no mind as he leaps at her exposed fragments.*
*He mercilessly gorges on his meal.*
Akagi: Don't, those are mine... Those are the proof of my promise!
Akagi: Stop it!
Tsumugi: Akagiii!
*But just in the nick of time, a small-framed girl jumps in before her.*
Akagi: ...Huh?
*Souma-san followed Akagi's scent all the way here.*
*We've arrived to see Akagi kneeling before the puppy.*
*Fortunately, I'm in my human form for this.*
*But someone else acted before me and even Souma-san―Tsumugi.*
Tsumugi: Akagiii!
Akagi: ...Huh?
*However, the puppy knocks Tsumugi back.*
*You really can't judge a book by its cover.*
Shuuji: Tsumugi! Are you okay?!
*I hurry over to her side and hold her in my arms.*
*Akagi, unable to keep up with this string of events, is frozen in place on her bottom.*
Akagi: Ah, aah!
Nanao: We've come for you.
Nene: That puppy doesn't look at all like a criminal.
Puppy: Arf!
*The puppy judges the situation to have him at a disadvantage and bounds away.*
Nanao: I'll chase him. Leave him to me.
Nene: I'm counting on you, Nanao.
Akagi: Tsumugi... Tsumugi...?
*Akagi finally totters over to our side.*
Tsumugi: Owwie, I'm okay... I'm just a little shocked that happened.
Shuuji: Phew. I'm the shocked one. That was reckless.
Tsumugi: I'm sorry. But Akagi, look.
*Tsumugi's clutching some small feathers.*
Akagi: Aaah... Wait... Those are...!
Tsumugi: I think he got away with around half of them, but at least we managed to protect these.
*Tsumugi places them in Akagi's palm.*
Akagi: They're my... My...
Tsumugi: See, Akagi? Doesn't it hurt to have your own heart taken from you?
Tsumugi: Isn't it just awful?
Tsumugi: So I don't want you doing the same thing... even if you need more fragments.
Tsumugi: I'll be sure to work harder. Just don't do it, okay?
Akagi: *sniff* *sob*!
*Tears start streaming down Akagi's face.*
Akagi: What is wrong with me?! I've... I've lost it.
Akagi: I thought I was doing the right thing, but I wasn't at all...
Shuuji: ...Akagi?
Akagi: It was the most important promise to me!
Akagi: And yet... I've let other things become more important than it.
Akagi: Enough to make our promise grow hazy in my memory...
Akagi: So... So when the boy told me I was still nowhere near human, it stung.
Shuuji: Huh?
Akagi: It's already been fifty years. I should have been faster!
Akagi: I should have fulfilled my dearest promise in that time, but I strayed off course.
Akagi: I tried to go back to my usual single-minded ways, but failed... Is it because I'm so far from being human that I couldn't?
Akagi: It... It was the thing most precious to me... So why did I...?!
Akagi: I'm worthless. As an alp, and as a human.
Shuuji: I'm sorry, Akagi. I was mistaken.
*I'm only realizing now how harsh that statement was.*
*Words can even hurt an alp like Akagi.*
Shuuji: You know, when humans are worried, embarrassed, or nervous... or whenever things are going badly...
Shuuji: We always try to go back to our usual selves as well.
*And oftentimes that mindset only leads to further problems and misunderstandings.*
*That's why things were so rocky for me and Tsumugi at the start.*
*Humans are not perfect. We all make mistakes.*
Shuuji: So, I was wrong about you.
Shuuji: You're already plenty human.
Akagi: Shuuji...
Tsumugi: I think so too, Akagi.
Akagi: Tsumugi... Thank you. Thank you to the both of you.
Akagi: And thank you for protecting a part of my promise.
*Akagi clutches her returned fragments as hard as she can.*
*A crowd begins to form around us, but Ayachi-san manages to drive them all away.*
*Not long after, Souma-san comes back.*
Nanao: Sorry... He got away, maybe because he had just absorbed some of Akagi's fragments.
Nanao: I couldn't match him in a footrace.
Nene: I see. That's a problem.
Nene: He has probably realized that we're after him now.
Nanao: I imagine he'll change his den now that he knows Akagi found it.
Nene: It will be much harder to track him down now.
*The two of them are acting perfectly calm.*
*But I know they're in pain. Nobody likes seeing people suffer like this.*
Shuuji: There's a way.
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun?
Shuuji: There's a way for us to find him.
*Like hell I'm letting him get away!*
*Not while he's got a hold of something so important to us!*
*I have a feeling that this is something only I can do.*
================================================================================
*The next day, we set about putting our plan into action once I turn human for the night.*
Nanao: "How's the reception, Hoshina-kun?"
Shuuji: I can hear you loud and clear.
Tsumugi: "Errm, how do I sound? Can everyone hear me?"
Nene: "Yes, I can hear you."
*I have a wireless headset in my ear transmitting everyone's voices to me.*
*We're holding a group call by using a smartphone app.*
Tsumugi: "This is so exciting. I've never done this before."
Akagi: "Humans have come up with a lot of useful inventions."
*Akagi has joined in too.*
Nene: "Moving on, we should be able to react to anything that happens using this."
Shuuji: ...Yeah, that's reassuring.
*This is the plan I suggested.*
*I'll be the bait myself to lure out the culprit.*
Nanao: "He's already seen you. It's possible he'll be too wary of you to get near."
Nanao: "So be aware that this plan is not guaranteed to work."
Shuuji: I know that.
Shuuji: But there aren't many people with hearts weak enough to have fragments forced from them, are there?
*Using my dad as bait worked well for Akagi, but there aren't many more people we can do the same with.*
Shuuji: I don't know if he realized there was a hole in my heart back then.
Shuuji: But if he did, he should have me marked as the perfect target.
Shuuji: If he sees me alone, I bet his instincts will take over and he'll attack me.
Tsumugi: "Shuuji-kun, don't stray too far from us, okay?"
Shuuji: Yeah, I won't.
*The culprit has to think I'm alone.*
*Everyone else will have to stay back, hidden from sight.*
*Funnily enough, everyone on the street sees me as talking to myself*
*They all look at me like I'm crazy as they pass by.*
Nene: "Hoshina-kun, please don't be careless."
Shuuji: Huh? Don't worry. I won't be.
Nene: "It's possible our target has learned how to transform."
Nene: "Make sure to keep it together if he shows up as a human."
Shuuji: O-Oh yeah!
*That could happen! I never considered that. Damn.*
Akagi: "There's no point to this if you don't make yourself look inconspicuous."
Akagi: "Move onto a less populated street, away from the crowds."
Akagi: "That'll make it easier for him to attack you."
Shuuji: Right. I've just gotta keep walking the back alleys.
Tsumugi: "B-But isn't that dangerous? You never know; he might attack you in a crowded area too."
Nanao: "It's dangerous, but it's worth it."
Nanao: "Ultimately, it depends on how Hoshina-kun feels."
Shuuji: I'll do it. I'll make sure to be extra careful with anyone who gets near me.
Tsumugi: "Okay. Just don't go getting yourself hurt, okay?"
Shuuji: I won't.
*I'd rather not get hurt if I can help it.*
Shuuji: I'm aware of the danger, but this is our only chance.
Shuuji: We have to see this through.
Tsumugi: "Shuuji-kun... I'm not gonna stop you. Just please be careful."
Shuuji: Thank you. Sorry for making you worried.
Tsumugi: "It's fine. But you do realize you're sacrificing our alone time for this, right?"
Tsumugi: "You have to come back safely so you can make up for it."
Shuuji: Yeah, that's a promise.
*As planned, I keep moving between wide and narrow streets.*
*But things aren't going as well as I had hoped.*
Nanao: "Perhaps he has changed his hunting grounds."
Nanao: "That could pose a problem if so."
Nene: "Should we move to another area?"
Akagi: "No, I don't like that idea."
Akagi: "If we keep changing places, it'll make it harder for him to notice us."
Akagi: "We need to stick to a single place and wait."
Nanao: "Akagi's right. That's why it's such a big problem."
Nene: "I see. That must be your animal instincts talking."
*Us three humans have hardly a word to say about this part of the plan.*
*We ought to leave this to the alps.*
Akagi: "There is one thing I don't understand, though."
Nanao: "Oh? Please elaborate."
*I'm getting a weird feeling about this conversation.*
Akagi: "He was rather ferocious yesterday."
Akagi: "But that hasn't been the case up until he attacked the boy's father."
Tsumugi: "Now that you mention it, he was really calm when we first met him."
Shuuji: Yeah. And he was more attached to me than Tsumugi. That is pretty strange, now that I think about it.
*Perhaps he had already worked out I was a target back then?*
*Then when I handed him to Atsuma-san, he decided she was an even better target... No!*
*I can't be thinking about that now.*
Nanao: "Many of us act erratically when we're on the verge of becoming alps."
Akagi: "But do we usually get this violent? What happened with you, Nanao?"
Nanao: "I accepted myself almost immediately."
Akagi: "Oh, we got a real honor student here."
*Regardless, nothing's gonna happen until we find and catch him.*
*I'll just have to keep walking around.*
Shuuji: Hmm... no one's approaching me yet.
Tsumugi: "Shuuji-kun, are you getting tired? You can take a break if you want."
Shuuji: I'm fine. I'm not human for long, anyway.
*I plan on staying out here until I reach my time limit.*
Nene: "Well, sorry, but we're getting rather tired ourselves."
Nene: "I'd like to take a ten-minute break from the call. Wouldn't you too, Nanao?"
Nanao: "Hmm? Oh yes. Akagi too."
Akagi: "Why do I have to―"
Nene: "Of course, Shiiba-san and Hoshina-kun can continue their conversation."
Akagi: "...Humph. This is one of those 'read the mood' things, isn't it?"
Akagi: "Very well, then."
Nene: "I'm glad you understand."
Tsumugi: "H-Hey, everyone?"
Nene: "Enjoy your break. We'll keep an eye on the surroundings."
Shuuji: Huh? I-Is this really happening? Oh, they hung up.
Tsumugi: "Ahaha... Looks like they were trying to give us some alone time."
Shuuji: Well, I'd like to get this done quickly, but there's no use in being impatient.
*I lean against a nearby wall and take a break.*
*But what am I meant to talk about now?*
*This is hardly the time to be flirting.*
Tsumugi: "We'll be back to school tomorrow."
Shuuji: Yeah, but tonight's far from over.
Shuuji: Come to think of it, do you have any plans for Christmas?
Tsumugi: "My family traditionally holds a gathering, but I dunno about this year."
*We end up doing something close to flirting anyway.*
*However, I suddenly remember there's something I've been meaning to ask Tsumugi.*
*This is a good opportunity to segue into the topic.*
Shuuji: Speaking of tradition, do you remember what you said before?
Shuuji: About how you wore boys' clothing as a kid?
Tsumugi: "Oh, that? That was less of a tradition and more of a good-luck charm, I guess."
Tsumugi: "It's not that long-running of a tradition, though. It started when my grandma was really frail."
Shuuji: Oh, right.
*For some reason, I find myself fascinated by this conversation.*
Shuuji: Your grandma was a girl, right?
Tsumugi: "Hehehe. What kind of question is that? Of course she was."
Tsumugi: "So anyway, my great grandma went to talk to a fortune teller."
Tsumugi: "She said that my grandma would grow up healthy if she wore boys' clothing."
Shuuji: It was a different time back then.
Tsumugi: "Right? But they followed the fortune teller's advice, and my grandma actually did grow up healthy."
Tsumugi: "And so ever since, it's been a bit of a custom for the girls in my family to dress like boys."
*That custom doesn't sound very enjoyable for the girls.*
*Anyway, you hear a lot of stories about childhood frailty, it seems.*
*It reminds me of Akagi's promise, actually.*
Shuuji: Say, your grandma didn't happen to be hospitalized for a while for an operation, did she? Haha, surely not.
Tsumugi: "How did you know?"
Tsumugi: "Oh, she's totally fine now, by the way. The operation was about fifty years ago, I think."
Shuuji: Wait, did you just say "fifty years"?
Tsumugi: "Yeah? I'm pretty sure that's how long ago it was."
*Holy shit! No, it can't be... This is too insane.*
*Maybe, just maybe... Akagi was drawn to Tsumugi because she felt something familiar in her?*
Tsumugi: "What about it?"
Shuuji: Oh, well... Ah!
*Crap. Talk about bad timing.*
Shuuji: ...We're out of time. I'm about to turn into a teddy.
Tsumugi: "Oh no! I'll come get you right away."
*Well, it's possible―or even likely―that this is all a coincidence.*
*I need to get to the bottom of that when I have the time.*
*Everyone's waving at me.*
*Welp, I guess this is it for today. We'll have to continue tomorrow.*
Puppy: ...Grr!
Shuuji: Huh?
*A growl comes from a nearby bush.*
*You gotta be kidding me. Could he have picked a worse time?*
*Of course not, because he's been targeting me all this time!*
*Everything has worked out so perfectly in his favor that I can't imagine it any other way.*
*He charges at me the moment I turn into a teddy bear.*
Puppy: Arf!
Shuuji: Whoa!
*I'm suddenly propelled at a tremendous speed. I struggle to comprehend what's happening to me for a moment.*
Akagi: Shoot!
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun!!
*I see everyone growing distant in my wobbling vision.*
*The puppy has grabbed hold of my foot and is sprinting away as fast as his four legs can carry him.*
*This is way too fast... Too shaky... I'm losing... consc...*
Nanao: Chase after them! Split into two teams!
*I'm sorry, everyone...*
*............*
*.........*
*......*
Akagi: Why? Why won't you reply?
Akagi: I come to your window every day, so why won't you respond to me?
*Huh? Akagi?*
Taichi: Why? Why did I ever bother working hard after losing my beloved? Why?
Atsuma: He was my best friend, so why? Why couldn't I do anything for him?!
*What is this...? This feels similar to the dreams I usually see after absorbing fragments.*
*But this time my point of view is much lower.*
Relative A: What are we going to do with that dog? It's been ten years since he's been adopted from that shelter.
Relative B: He's a mongrel, isn't he? Unless we find someone with tastes as weird as our father-in-law's, we'll never find a new home for this mutt.
*Who are they? A strange smell permeates the room they occupy.*
*The smell of death... Next of them is a coffin holding my now-silent master.*
*He was so loved. And now he's been reduced to a black and white photo... always showing that same smile forever more.*
*I know that he'll never pat me on the head with that wrinkled hand again.*
Old Dog: *whimper* *whimper*
*The dog decides to set off on a journey, dragging its aging body down the street.*
*Could this dream be...?*
*Time whizzes by. Now I'm suddenly looking up at Atsuma-san's face.*
Atsuma: Haha, hey, stop that. I can't keep you, no matter how friendly you are.
Atsuma: I can't take losing another friend.
Puppy: "So this person has lost someone they love too?"
*I hear a voice.*
Atsuma: If... If only you lived as long as people do.
Atsuma: Oh, what am I thinking? This is stupid... Right, your milk should be cold by now.
Puppy: "Could I console you if I became human?"
Puppy: "You're probably the same as me... Oh? What is this?"
*The puppy realizes the condition of Atsuma-san's heart.*
*His budding alphood allows him to detect her fragments by instinct.*
Puppy: "Do these come from you? If I collect them, I think I'll become the same as you..."
*...No way!*
Puppy: "Yes, if I... If I can always stay by your side, then...!"
*No, stop! This won't turn out the way you think it will!*
*The puppy jumps playfully toward Atsuma-san, and then... he sinks a small fang into her heart.*
Shuuji: STOP!!!
*I open my eyes with a start.*
*I'm in... the school courtyard?*
Puppy: Aroooo! Aroooo!
*The puppy is howling up at the moon.*
*That dream I just had... I was looking into his heart, wasn't I?*
*How was I able to hear the voices of fragments I haven't absorbed?*
Puppy: Aroooo! Aroooo!
*The puppy keeps on howling.*
*But then accompanied by his howls comes a flood of emotions. Every taste, color and temperature you can imagine assail me at once, like I'm surrounded by a crowd of people.*
*What is this?!*
*I'd be utterly confused if I hadn't seen that dream just now.*
*But I think I can see what's going on here...*
*Akagi did say that it was strange how violent the dog was being.*
Shuuji: Have you... not been able to absorb the fragments?
Puppy: Aroooo! Aroooo!
*He never meant to hurt Atsuma-san.*
*That's probably why he was so surprised.*
*He was so startled by how he accidentally hurt his new master that he was left unable to absorb the fragments.*
*Which in turn only served to confuse him further.*
*It's like other people's emotions have infiltrated his heart. They shouldn't be there.*
*And so with his reasoning left a mess, he's been unable to go against his instincts.*
*His instincts tell him to seek out fragments, but the more he collects, the more jumbled his heart becomes.*
*And the further from his initial goal he strays.*
*This is not a good state for him to be in.*
*But this alone doesn't explain why I saw that dream.*
*There has to be another, simpler explanation.*
Puppy: Aroooo! Aroooo!
*Are these howls pleas for help?*
Puppy: Aroooo! Aroooo!
*"Help me! Help me!"*
*That's what it sounds like to me.*
*That dream was a response to his desperate pleas for help.*
*It's at times like this I'm glad I have my power.*
*If I didn't have it, I would have deemed this guy a villain and handed down my sentence accordingly.*
*But that's not how things are.*
Shuuji: You know, you've been going about this all wrong. You need to learn to learn the proper way to do things.
Puppy: Grrr?
*The puppy looks at me.*
Shuuji: I'm not too different from you. I've been making one mistake after another lately.
*The puppy circles me and cautiously sizes me up.*
Shuuji: I became up like this in order to help the woman I love.
Shuuji: But I failed to realize there were other people who cared about me too.
Shuuji: I've been paying the price for my screwups ever since.
Puppy: Grr...
Shuuji: Hey, are you listening to me?
*No... He can't hear me, can he? Dammit!*
*I understand how he feels, but I have no way of communicating with him.*
*At least he doesn't look like he's about to attack me.*
*He's just keeping his distance and circling me. He's probably confused as to whether I'm human or a teddy bear.*
*I don't know if I should be happy or sad about that...*
*I've got to come up with a plan. What can I do?*
Shuuji: Ah!
*Was that Tsumugi and Akagi?! I just caught a glimpse of them in the shadow of the school.*
*Ayachi-san or Souma-san weren't by their side, but I'm sure they're not far behind.*
Puppy: Grr...
Shuuji: All the fragments will return to their proper owners with a single whack of Tsumugi's hammer.
*What we have to do hasn't really changed.*
*But Akagi is exhausted after her defeat yesterday.*
*And Tsumugi may have transformed, but that doesn't give her superhuman powers.*
*I'll have to create a chance for them to use. I can do this.*
Shuuji: C'mon, there's no need to be so cautious. I may look like a teddy bear, but I'm a genuine human!
Shuuji: You'd get all the fragments you want if you attack me. You'll never have an easier target!
Puppy: ......?
*Not working, huh? I'm sure Tsumugi can hear me, but that doesn't mean much if the dog doesn't take the bait.*
*Dammit. I'm so useless.*
Tsumugi: ...Ah!
Shuuji: Huh?
*Was that the sound of a twig breaking or something? It came from over where I saw Tsumugi earlier.*
*The dog reacts to it by instantly sprinting in that direction.*
Puppy: Arf!
Shuuji: H-Hey, wait!
*Crap! He managed to knock Tsumugi over yesterday like it was nothing.*
*And Akagi's heart is weak. She won't be able to put up much of a fight either.*
Tsumugi: W-Waaah!
*Tsumugi comes running out of the shadows.*
*And the puppy chases after her on instinct.*
Shuuji: STOP IT!!
Akagi: Hmph, what a fool. No more than a stupid mutt in the end.
*Akagi from out of nowhere behind me.*
Akagi: He gave up on his prize to chase after Tsumugi.
Shuuji: Wh-When did you...?
Akagi: We're using you as bait, just as we planned.
Shuuji: Hey! Tsumugi's the bait right now!
Akagi: Oh, right. We should fix that.
Shuuji: Huh? Hey!!
*Akagi picks me up and brandishes me as a makeshift shield.*
Akagi: Hey, you stupid mutt! How long do you plan on chasing that girl's tail for?
Akagi: I'm gonna carry your prize away, you know?
Puppy: Arf?!
*The puppy stops chasing Tsumugi and charges at us instead.*
Shuuji: Oh, finally! So, what do we do now?
Akagi: Dunno. I can't beat him in this state.
Shuuji: Wait, you're actually using me as a shield?!
*The corners of Akagi's mouth curl up into a grin.*
*The puppy has closed into pouncing distance.*
Tsumugi: Aaaargh! No you don't!
Puppy: Arf?!
*Tsumugi shoots through the night like the wind.*
*With astonishing swiftness, she catches up to the dog.*
*Tsumugi brings her hammer down in a flurry of swings.*
*But the puppy nimbly evades each one, with each dodge moving the two further away from us.*
Shuuji: W-Wow. I thought being a witch didn't give you any special powers?
*Now that I think about it, Tsumugi's rather quick-footed for a girl.*
*Maybe she's just naturally athletic? I could picture that.*
Akagi: That's my girl. I choose only the finest to be my witches.
*But her opponent is strong enough to send mere humans flying.*
*The puppy corrects its posture, shifting to a defensive stance.*
Tsumugi: Ngh... I'm not done yet! You're going to give back everyone's fragments!
Shuuji: Tsumugi, be careful!
Tsumugi: We can't let him get away again!
Tsumugi: One blow... I only need to land one blow.
*Tsumugi and the puppy begin circling each other.*
*The puppy doesn't seem likely to give us another window to escape.*
*But the biggest problem is that Tsumugi is a complete amateur when it comes to fighting.*
Tsumugi: Here I go! Haaaaaah!
Shuuji: No, wait!
*Don't attack while your opponent is on the defensive!*
Tsumugi: Wah... Kyaaah?!
*The dog leaps at Tsumugi mid-charge. She manages to deflect his attack with the handle of her hammer, but just barely.*
*The dog's might is too overpowering for her.*
*Tsumugi topples over onto her back.*
Shuuji: Tsumugi!
Akagi: Not good.
*But instead of pouncing her, the puppy turns to us.*
*Tsumugi was just a distraction, while Akagi and I are his dinner.*
Shuuji: We have to run! Akagi!
Akagi: Don't be so foolish. Tsumugi's right, we can't let him go now.
Akagi: We don't know who'll become his next victim.
Shuuji: But you just said you were in no state to... fight...?
*My speech falters at the sight of Akagi.*
*With crystal-clear eyes, she stares down the puppy.*
Puppy: Grrrr!
*The puppy leaps at us. Akagi barely manages to dodge it.*
Akagi: Ah! That was close.
Akagi: All we need is for Tsumugi to land a single hit.
Shuuji: S-So what's the plan?
Akagi: I need to set the record straight on something first, or I'll regret it forever.
*The puppy continues its assault while we have our conversation.*
*Akagi dodges each pounce the critter makes.*
Shuuji: D-Does it have to be right now?!
Akagi: I think of Tsumugi as a friend too.
Shuuji: Well... That's something you should tell her, not me.
Akagi: You fool. I think of you as a friend too.
Shuuji: ...Akagi?
Akagi: It's not just my lost friends I care about. The friends I have here and now are important to me too.
Shuuji: W-Wait!
*I don't know what she's up to, but it can't be anything good.*
Akagi: Shuuji, I'm going to cancel our deal.
Akagi: And when I do, you'll turn human again right away.
Shuuji: What?!
Akagi: If I make the decision to break our contract, then the burden of your debt will fall on me.
*She'd have to pay with all of the heart power she's been saving up. She'd lose it all in an instant.*
Shuuji: Y-You idiot! Aren't you trying to become human?!
Shuuji: And I'm not sure, but I think the person you've been looking for is really close by!
Akagi: Shuuji, do you not want to save your father?
Shuuji: H-Hey!
Akagi: I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that.
Shuuji: This isn't fair... Why are you saying this now?
Puppy: Gah!
*The puppy comes flying at us again.*
*Akagi dodges it by taking a huge leap back.*
Akagi: Now, Shuuji, prepare yourself!
Akagi: I can't stop him, but you're strong! You'll be able to do something!
Akagi: And once you do, make sure you see to Tsumugi!
Shuuji: Akagi... You...
Akagi: I don't want to hear any complaints. Can you do this or not?!
*Our opponent is no ordinary puppy.*
*I honestly don't know if I can do this.*
*But what else am I supposed to say?*
*The burden is too great, with too many people counting on me, for me to pick any other response.*
Shuuji: ...I can do it.
Akagi: Good reply. Take things from here, Shuuji. Tsumugi?!
*The puppy comes flying at us like a bullet.*
*Akagi puts me on the ground and then places her hand against my back.*
Shuuji: Ooooooooh!
*And I'm back in my human form before I know it.*
*The puppy leaps at me. I grab it out of the air and grapple it to the ground in an effort to stop it.*
*But obviously, I'm no match for him when it comes to strength.*
*The puppy launches me backward, knocking me on my ass.*
*I have a vague realization that someone who's meant to be behind me isn't, but I'm too busy focusing on the puppy to worry about that.*
Puppy: Grrrrggrrrr?!
Shuuji: Stop struggling! Listen up―I'm gonna tell you about us humans, the thing you're trying to become!
Shuuji: We're all a bunch of idiots who can't learn without screwing up!
Shuuji: You and I have both made our share of mistakes, but we have to take responsibility for them!
Shuuji: I owe it to my dad to take responsibility for mine!
Shuuji: I'm going to become someone who cares for others as much as he's cared for me!
Shuuji: And I plan on spending my entire life repaying the support Tsumugi has given me!
Shuuji: After all the help everyone has given me and all the trouble I've put them through, I've finally grown up, even if only a little.
Shuuji: But I have to accept that that's who I am! I'm weak―an absolute mess of a person―and that's okay!
Puppy: Ngrrr, grrr!
Shuuji: You need to open your eyes and find a way to repay your new master!
Shuuji: And to repay everyone else while you're at it!
Shuuji: You got that? Promise me! That you'll own up to your mistakes and make it up to everyone!
Shuuji: Tsumugiiiiiiiiiiii!
Tsumugi: Got it, Shuuji-kun! Haaaaaaaaaaah!
Puppy: Arf? Arslfkl?!?!
*Tsumugi brings the hammer down on the puppy's noggin, emanating a dazzling light on impact.*
*Particles of light spread out all around us, as if we're being surrounded by a thousand fireflies.*
*It's as if each one is thanking us for their release.*
*The lights then identify their owners and shoot off into the sky, creating a spectacular light show.*
Tsumugi: So pretty...
*Tsumugi stares up at the spectacle, spellbound.*
*Not long after, the puppy stands up as if nothing ever happened, despite the huge bump on his head.*
*Mystified, he looks around before running off somewhere.*
*Perhaps he's going back to Atsuma-san.*
*Due to the large amount of heart power he just lost, I doubt he'll become an alp any time soon. It all depends on how he acts in the coming years.*
Tsumugi: Phew. Looks like we did it. Right, Shuuji-kun?
Shuuji: ...Yeah.
Tsumugi: But... wait. Where's Akagi?
Tsumugi: She said on the way here that she had a way of allowing you to be human for a while.
Tsumugi: Hey, Shuuji-kun? Could it be...?
*Looks like Tsumugi's figured it out.*
Shuuji: Yeah, Akagi used up her own heart power... to turn me back into a human.
Shuuji: So...
Crow: Caw!
*The shrill caw of large black bird interrupts our conversation.*
Tsumugi: Is that you, Akagi?
Crow: Caw! Caw!
Shuuji: Can you... not speak Japanese anymore?
*After everything she has done to find a witch... After fifty years of trying to keep her promise...*
Shuuji: After so many decades, you were so close to becoming human, and yet...
Shuuji: ...Did you know this would happen?
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun! I think things will be fine.
Shuuji: Huh? Is that your fragment bottle?
*She had previously spent all of her fragments filling my and my dad's hearts.*
*But now it's filling back up before our eyes, almost to the point of bursting.*
Tsumugi: This must mean the hole in your heart has been healed!
Tsumugi: I've never seen such an incredible reaction. It's like it's come back with interest!
Shuuji: Wait, my heart has healed...?
*Honestly, it doesn't feel like anything's different.*
*But maybe it's true. Perhaps I'm finally ready to be a normal person, just like everyone else.*
*Our achievement today has been monumental.*
Tsumugi: Here, Shuuji-kun! See?
Shuuji: So your bottle's completely full now?
Tsumugi: Yeah. Now I can pay Akagi back for all the magic she has lent me.
*And with that, Tsumugi will be released from her contract.*
Tsumugi: Akagi, this might not be as much as you need...
Tsumugi: But take it all! All the heart fragments we gathered!
Shuuji: You can be annoying as hell, but I guess it'll be cool if you come back to normal!
Tsumugi: This is my final task as a witch.
Tsumugi: Your wish to one day become human... and to be able to become friends with us...
Tsumugi: It's finally going to be granted.
Crow: Caw!!
*Light pours out of the bottle.*
*Several glistening rainbows wrap around our friend.*
*This may not be as much as what she just lost....*
*...But please, let this at least help her dream come true.*
*The light around us slowly dissipates, revealing our surroundings.*
*With my heart aflutter in anxiety and anticipation, I watch as Akagi comes into view.*
================================================================================
*The winter winds have been growing colder by the day. And now tonight, it's cold enough to snow.*
*But despite the shiver-inducing temperatures, everyone has a spring in their step.*
*A festive atmosphere hangs over every nook and cranny of the town.*
*As well it should.*
*For today is the 24th of December. Christmas Eve.*
Old Lady: Phew... Deary me. I seem to have arrived too early.
*While rubbing her cold hands together, a lone elderly woman sits down on a bench.*
*It seems she's planning to meet someone.*
*A single raven flies down to join her and perches itself atop on the bench backrest.*
Old Lady: Oh, good evening. Are you here to meet someone too?
Crow: ......
Old Lady: Hehehe. Wondering why I'm not startled?
Old Lady: You see, a long, long time ago, I had a slightly unusual friend. They were an awful lot like you, with fluffy feathers under their beak.
Old Lady: I believe they were a Northern Raven. It was unusual to see them so far south.
*While gazing at the raven, the old lady reminisces.*
Old Lady: I'm sorry for staring... but the memories are all coming back to me.
Old Lady: You know, back when I was little, I had to dress like a boy.
Old Lady: I was a frail girl, and my parents told me boys' clothes were a good-luck charm to help me grow up strong.
Old Lady: I hated dressing like that back then.
Old Lady: I always looked forward to the day I would get better and be able to wear white dresses like all the other girls did.
Old Lady: Though, I suppose that look wouldn't suit me very well now.
*The old woman looks down at the ground before continuing on.*
Old Lady: I made a promise with that friend... That I'd see them the next year.
Old Lady: Hehehe. Strange, huh? But I have a feeling they understood what I said.
Old Lady: For better or worse, I never did go back to that hospital.
Old Lady: I moved not long after, and it was no distance for a child to be traveling alone... At least, that was my excuse.
Old Lady: I've always felt ashamed of how I couldn't keep my promise.
Old Lady: They must have been so worried. I never got to tell them how I had gotten better.
Old Lady: Perhaps I made my daughter and granddaughter follow my good-luck charm in the hopes my friend would notice.
Old Lady: What a meddlesome grandmother I am. Hehehe.
*By this point, the raven has hopped down to the bench seat, right next to the old lady.*
Old Lady: But if you happen to meet my friend...
Old Lady: Could you tell them that I'm sorry for not keeping my promise?
Crow: Caw!
Old Lady: You will? Thank you.
Tsumugi: Grandmaaa! Sorry, have you been waiting long?
Old Lady: Oh my. It seems my granddaughter is here now.
Old Lady: She's bringing her boyfriend today so I can meet him. Hehehe, I wonder if he's that tall boy next to her.
Tsumugi: Hey, Grandma, who are you talking to?
Old Lady: ...? Oh my... it seems they've left.
Shuuji: U-Umm, you're Tsumugi-san's grandmother, right? I-I'm Hoshina Shuuji.
Old Lady: My, my. Hehehe. Thank you for looking after my granddaughter.
*The raven perches atop a nearby lamppost, looking down at the boy as he bows. He's shivering from not the cold but his nerves.*
Tsumugi: Come on Grandma, we can leave that for later.
Tsumugi: Shuuji-kun's dad will be there too. We can have a joint family party!
*Tsumugi takes the old lady's hand and starts to walk.*
Old Lady: Splendid. I can't wait.
Crow: Caw!
*The raven is unable to hold back that shrill caw.*
*Noticing it, the man turns his head in surprise.*
Shuuji: Hey, quit acting like you're not involved.
Shuuji: You're an important guest. You better not go home on your own, Akagi.
Akagi: Humph, I know that.
Taichi: Wahaha! I don't usually find myself drawn to wine, but this is good... Wait, is this just Chilean wine?
Taichi: Well, I guess the cheap stuff tastes even better sometimes!
Shuuji: Dad, don't drink too much!
Taichi: Today's special, though. A celebration like this calls for some booze, hahaha!
*Shuuji's dad acts as the mood-setter for the party, immediately hitting it off with Tsumugi's parents.*
*Meanwhile, Shuuji's talent for cooking gains him popularity among the women.*
*They ooh and aah over the way he nimbly maneuvers himself around the kitchen.*
Old Lady: Hehe, how wonderful. You've snatched yourself a good husband.
Tsumugi: C-Come on Grandma. And you too, Mom. Stop teasing me.
Tsumugi: ...But it would be nice if that becomes the case.
*Akagi stands alone on the veranda, peering inside.*
Akagi: Good grief. Well, here I am.
Akagi: I can't mix with them. The only thing they'll let me do is eat the food.
*Despite her complaints, she still pecks away at the roast chicken left out for her.*
*Akagi has recovered her ability to speak, but she cannot yet transform into a human.*
*It will likely take many months, if not years, for her to regain all her powers.*
Akagi: But thanks to them, I was able to meet my old friend.
Akagi: Now I have no regrets... And I'm sure the two of them will be happy from now on too.
Akagi: ...It's time this old bird heads north.
*That should be where her old flock is now.*
Tsumugi: Hey, Akagi, where do you think you're going?
Akagi: Argh, Tsumugi?
*Right as Akagi was about to take flight, the one person she didn't want to be spotted by climbs up onto the roof with her.*
Akagi: I've grown tired of staying in this location.
Akagi: So I've decided to go on a trip for a while.
Tsumugi: You are a migratory bird, so I suppose that's natural.
Akagi: Exactly. You've done more than enough for me.
Akagi: I never thought that your grandmother would be my old friend.
Tsumugi: I was shocked too.
Tsumugi: But I think Grandma set things up so that we could meet each other.
Akagi: ...Maybe so.
*The two of them look up at the dark clouds in the sky that are ready to burst.*
*Akagi won't get far if she doesn't take flight soon, but she can't bring herself to spread her wings just yet.*
Tsumugi: Hey, Akagi.
Akagi: What is it?
Tsumugi: Have you given up on becoming human?
Tsumugi: I mean, now that you've met my grandma, you've kind of fulfilled your goal. In a certain way.
Akagi: You fool.
*What slipped from her beak were words you would not have expected from her.*
Akagi: That goal wasn't all that important.
Akagi: My new wish is to become human so that next time you hold one of these gatherings, I can join as your friend. 
*Laughter and chatter burst out of the room beneath them.*
*Akagi watches as Shuuji strolls out onto the veranda below and listens in on their conversation.*
Akagi: I still want to become human, but for a different reason now.
Akagi: My definition of freedom is being able to stay where I want for as long as I please.
Tsumugi: Great. Then my Christmas present won't go to waste.
Akagi: What? Did you get me something?
Tsumugi: Are you curious?
Akagi: My rule is to accept anything that is given to me.
Akagi: So, what's the present?
Tsumugi: It's something that you need more than anything right now.
Akagi: What? What is it? I've already had my fill of chicken.
Tsumugi: No, no.
Tsumugi: To become human you need a witch to gather heart fragments for you, right?
Akagi: ...Ts-Tsumugi?
Tsumugi: And that witch's wish is for her friend to become human.
Tsumugi: So that one day, they can go to a party like this together.
*Akagi's vision blurs.*
*She looks up at the sky in an attempt to deceive Tsumugi.*
Tsumugi: Ah, it's snowing.
Akagi: ...Mhm. So it is.
Tsumugi: Hehehe, Shuuji-kun! It's a white Christmas. Isn't that great?
Shuuji: Yeah!
*A reply comes from the veranda.*
*The two of them likely planned this from the start.*
Akagi: Only fools would be happy about snow...
Akagi: Now I can't fly very far at all.
Akagi: I suppose I'll have to settle in this place for a while longer.
Tsumugi: Yeah, make sure you do, Akagi.
Tsumugi: I couldn't ask for anything better.
================================================================================
Wakana: Ahh! Saturday was so fun!
Hideaki: Sure was. The energy in the gym was the whole reason I wanted to start a band.
Hideaki: I ended up quitting before I could experience something like that last time. I'm really happy I gave it another shot.
Wakana: Yeah, same here! It felt sooo good!
Hideaki: That's what she said.
Wakana: Ugh, you're such a kid.
Hideaki: You know... That cold look in your eyes is getting me excited in a whole nother way from the cheering...
Wakana: And you're gross, too.
Shuuji: ......
*Looks like I can sense their emotions just fine.*
*Both of them were happy a moment ago.*
*And then Kariya got super grossed out and Kaidou didn't care.*
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun? What are you spacing out for?
Shuuji: Oh, uh, I'm just thinking to myself.
Tsumugi: Huh... Oh, are you thinking about keeping up the bass guitar?
Shuuji: Like hell I am. It was fun, but it was hell on my fingers. I'm busy with the OC anyway.
Shuuji: Like, if someone wanted me to perform for an event, I'd think about it. But no way am I doing it by myself. It's just way too much.
Tsumugi: Really? Well then, what were you thinking about?
Shuuji: Hmm... Shiiba-san, could you shake my hand?
Tsumugi: Huh? I-I mean, I can... but why?
*Shiiba-san looks confused, but then goes ahead and shakes my hand anyway.*
*Ohh... Her hand is so soft.*
*I know I was the one who asked for this, but I'm starting to blush here.*
Tsumugi: U-Umm... The way you're blushing is getting me embarrassed.
*Shiiba-san's face grows just as red as mine.*
*I can clearly sense her embarrassment; like it's flowing through her soft hand into me.*
*This is definitely not just my own embarrassment I'm feeling.*
*Which means... Togakushi-senpai is the only person I can't sense the emotions of.*
Tsumugi: E-Errm, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Oh, whoops. Sorry for asking you to do that. Just forget about it; it wasn't for any special reason.
Tsumugi: Huh? Ah... Wh-What do you mean? Like... don't ask me to do something so embarrassing if there's no good reason for it.
Shuuji: I didn't mean to embarrass you. That was more embarrassing than I expected a handshake to be.
Shuuji: A-Anyway, I got what I needed. Thanks.
Tsumugi: Sure thing. Glad I could help you out somehow.
Shuuji: ......
Tsumugi: ......
Tsumugi: So, um... Why are you still holding my hand?
Shuuji: Oh, sorry.
*I hurriedly draw my hand back.*
*The burning in my cheeks show no sign of cooling down though.*
*And what's more...*
Hideaki: What the hell was all that about?
Wakana: Dunno. I gotta say, though, the way the two of you were holding hands and looking into each other's eyes was mighty suspicious.
Shuuji: I swear it's nothing like that!
Shuuji: I-I'm gonna go grab something to drink.
Tsumugi: Okay, cool. See you later.
Hideaki: He ran away.
Wakana: He sure did.
Tsumugi: Seriously, what was up with that? I kinda feel like I've just been toyed with...
*I pretend not to hear them and run off with my tail tucked between my legs. I do not need them staring at me right now.*
Shuuji: *sigh* I really don't wanna go back to class.
*I sigh as my drink, a smoothie, clunks out of the vending machine.*
Touko: Oh? What was that sigh for?
Shuuji: Whoa?!
Touko: No need to act so surprised. Is seeing me that shocking?
Shuuji: Oh, no, not at all. I was just thinking to myself.
Touko: You were? You know, you get surprised far too often, Hoshina-kun. I'm pretty sure you reacted the exact same way when we first met, too.
Shuuji: Yeah, actually. I remember that.
*That happened back when I went to the OC's clubroom to return Ayachi-san's student ID.*
*I didn't feel anyone's presence, so I was completely startled when she spoke to me... Ah, that's it!*
*I haven't been able to read Togakushi-senpai's emotions once since we first met.*
*That's why I get so surprised when she suddenly speaks to me. Normally, I can sense when someone's nearby, but not with her.*
Shuuji: ......
Touko: Lost in thought again?
Shuuji: Ah, sorry.
Shuuji: So, what are you doing here, Senpai?
Touko: I came to get a drink, of course.
Shuuji: Oh, sorry. I'm blocking your way.
Touko: It's okay. There's no rush.
*I slide away from the vending machine. Togakushi-senpai slots a 100-yen coin into it, and then immediately selects a yogolate.*
Touko: Mm, it's so good. I love how sour it is. You got a smoothie for yourself, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: I was in the mood for something sweet.
Touko: I like smoothies too. But I always worry about my weight when having such sugary drinks.
Shuuji: Actually, this one doesn't have that many calories.
Shuuji: And I don't think you have anything to worry about with your weight in the first place.
Touko: Of course I do. I want a figure as perfect as Ayachi-san's.
Shuuji: Really? You two are already pretty close, though. I think it's just a matter of personal taste at that point.
Touko: I know I can never be like her, anyway. I'm not built that way...
Shuuji: In my opinion, I don't see any need for you to change at all. You're fine the way you are.
Touko: Really? Well, I'm happy to hear that, even if you're just being polite.
Shuuji: ......
*I wasn't just being polite, though...*
*But would following up here be overkill?*
Touko: So?
Shuuji: Huh? So...? So what?
Touko: So, what were you thinking about? You can always talk to me if you have anything worrying you.
Shuuji: Oh, it's nothing that serious.
Touko: Don't worry, this won't count as your reward from the party. I'm just saying you can talk to me if you'd like.
Touko: Come now. I'm your upperclassman, we're in the same club, and I'm even the former Student Council president. Whatever problems you have, you can lay them on me.
Touko: Oh, but... I might not be of much help with any sexual stuff. I have no experience there.
Shuuji: Oh, is that so?
*It's not like I thought she'd be a pro at it, but she is really popular...*
*Come to think of it though, I haven't ever heard about her going out with anyone before.*
Shuuji: I appreciate the offer, but I'm fine. It's really nothing.
Touko: Oh, that's too bad. And here I was, trying to act like a good senior...
Shuuji: Anyway, you decided to fully join the OC, huh?
Touko: Yeah. I've also been working with the Student Council until now, so I didn't really have the time before.
Touko: And I'll be a bother to Koshiji-san and the others if I stick around there.
Shuuji: I don't think Koshiji-san would mind at all.
Touko: Yeah, you're not wrong. But it'd be insensitive of me to use her just so I could go to the Student Council room.
Touko: You know what I mean, don't you, Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Yeah... Sorry. That was thoughtless of me.
Touko: It's okay. It's just that the boundaries have already been drawn, and I don't think it'd be a good idea to overstep them.
Touko: And in any case, they'd find it awkward having the former president hanging around the place.
Shuuji: So then, you chose the OC?
Touko: Yeah... I'm not getting in the way, am I?
Shuuji: Not at all. I'm sure Ayachi-san and the others are delighted to have you.
Touko: I think helping people solve their problems is admirable. Don't you agree?
Shuuji: Yes. I think so too.
Touko: That's why I want to help the OC. And I also thought I could help you too, if necessary...
Touko: But if you're saying you're not troubled, then there's nothing I can do. You will come and talk to me if you need anything though, won't you?
Shuuji: Yes, of course I will.
Touko: You can come to me any time. Oh, and you better start thinking about your reward. Is there anything you'd like? Hmm... You can ask for anything you want.
Touko: Though, it would be a bit of a problem for me if you asked for a naughty reward. Mufufu.
Shuuji: I don't have the guts to ask something like that directly.
Touko: Then... Could you ask something like that indirectly?
Shuuji: Well... Um... I am a guy, and, err... it does interest me, so...
Touko: You're so honest. I just love that about you.
Shuuji: ...!
Touko: Oh, lunch break is almost over. I better get back to class. Make sure you're not late either, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Yeah. Take care.
Touko: See you at the OC~
*Togakushi-senpai gives me a light wave before going back to class.*
*......*
Shuuji: This is the first time I've been unable to sense someone else's emotions... isn't it?
*So then...*
*Is that why my heart skipped a beat when Togakushi-senpai said that she "loves that about me"?*
*That really took me by surprise.*
*Until now, I've always been able to detect when people are joking, flattering me, or simply lying.*
*That's why I've never gotten flustered before...*
Shuuji: ...What did Togakushi-senpai mean when she said that?
Shuuji: She's always provocative and making dirty jokes, though... Wait a minute.
Shuuji: I get the feeling her dirty side is all I ever think about whenever I talk to her.
*Why have I only just noticed it?*
*Crap, this is bad.*
*Now I've realized that, I'm afraid to talk to her again.*
*What if I accidentally say something that offends or hurts her?*
*How am I supposed to deal with this uncertainty?*
Shuuji: Though, actually, isn't this just normal? Everyone else lives their life without always knowing how everyone around them feels.
*That's what I've always wanted, what I found myself giving up on without even realizing. To be the same as everyone else. To be "normal."*
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Oh crap, I gotta get back to class!
Schoolgirl D: Ayachi-san! Let's start a band together! With your heavenly voice, we'll make it big for sure!
Nene: Sorry, but I'm not interested. I was just a stand-in for that one occasion.
Schoolgirl D: But didn't the crowd's reaction feel great? Don't you wanna get more of that, on an even bigger stage? I know you can do it, Ayachi-san!
Nene: Thank you for the compliment, but I really can't. I'm not good at being in front of crowds.
Schoolgirl D: *sigh* Okay, I guess there's no changing your mind. Aww man, we could've hit it big...
Schoolgirl D: Oh! But if you ever change your mind and wanna step onto the stage again, talk to me first! You gotta!
Nene: *sigh* Very well.
*The girl leaves the room after making her promise with Ayachi-san.*
*I get where she was coming from. Snagging Ayachi-san as your vocalist would be like hitting the jackpot.*
*They'd become famous in no time with her, as long as the musicians backing her had the right stuff.*
*Too bad the person in question doesn't want to do so.*
Nene: ...I'm exhausted.
Touko: You had it tough today. Here's some tea. Drink it and let it calm your soul. Watch out, though; it's hot.
Nene: Thank you, Togakushi-senpai.
Nene: *blow* *sip* Ahh, wonderful...
*The exhausted Ayachi-san blows on her tea to cool it down before taking a sip.*
Meguru: That makes three times today someone's come here to ask you to join their band.
Tsumugi: And there were even more people who asked her in our classroom.
Meguru: Really? Whoa, that's crazy...
Nene: I'm glad that they liked my singing... I just wish they would leave me be.
Touko: Now, now, this just shows how wonderfully your band played, doesn't it?
Nene: Yes, and that's an honor, and I'm truly grateful, but... it's rather draining...
*Just looking at her makes me feel tired too.*
Shuuji: They'll all give up as soon as they realize you're not interested, Ayachi-san.
Shuuji: In fact, I'm sure it'll be a lot calmer tomorrow, even. The party is still fresh in everyone's minds.
Nene: I hope you're right...
Meguru: Should we wrap things up here, then? Nene-senpai's looking pretty rough.
Tsumugi: They'll be closing the club building soon, so I doubt anyone else is gonna come to us with their problems.
Shuuji: There you have it, Ayachi-san. Let's call it a day so you can take it easy.
Nene: ...Very well. Thank you for looking out for me.
Touko: Helping people is important, but you're not going to be able to help anyone if you get sick.
Touko: I'll take over tidying and locking up, so you can go straight home.
Nene: ...Are you sure?
Touko: Yup, just leave it to me!
Nene: Well then, I'll be excusing myself. Thank you, everyone.
Touko: Bye-bye~ Make sure you get some rest!
Tsumugi: Wait up! I'll go home with you, just in case.
Meguru: Oh, I'll come too. What about you, Senpai?
Shuuji: I feel bad making Togakushi-senpai tidy up by herself, so I'll stay and help her out.
*Shiiba-san's there, so she'll be able to help out Ayachi-san if she has a fit, anyway.*
Meguru: Roger that.
Tsumugi: Bye, then.
Shuuji: Yeah, see you later.
Touko: See you tomorrow~
*Togakushi-senpai and I see Ayachi-san off as she goes to get some well-deserved rest.*
*Shiiba-san and Inaba-san accompany her on either side, supporting her as she goes.*
Touko: ...Now it's just the two of us, all alone, after school.
Shuuji: ......
*I really can't tell what Togakushi-senpai is thinking.*
*Her suggestive way of talking always makes me feel so awkward...*
Shuuji: Could you stop teasing me like that?
Touko: Oh my, what do you mean? I only made a simple observation.
Shuuji: You know what you said, and you clearly did it on purpose.
Touko: Mufufu. You're blushing, you know?
Shuuji: I'm not used to stuff like this... Go easy on me, please.
Touko: Okay, my bad. Well, it's getting late, so how about we start locking up?
Shuuji: Yeah, let's.
Shuuji: But, before that... Could I have a moment?
Touko: Of course. There's no rush. Oh, have you decided to talk to me at last?
Shuuji: It's more of a request, I guess?
Touko: You need something from me?
Touko: Oh, is this about your reward? Decided what you wanted, have you? Go on then, let's hear it.
Touko: Please, be honest with me. How can I be of service?
Shuuji: I'd just like to talk for a minute if you don't mind.
Touko: You want to talk? But isn't that what we're doing right now? Or do you mean you want to talk about sex? Like pillow talk? Oh my, you naughty boy.
Shuuji: Could you please cut it out with the dirty jokes?
Shuuji: I don't want any kind of special conversation. Certainly not one about sex. I just want us to talk normally so I can learn more about you.
Shuuji: I mean, yes, there is a reason I want to talk to you, but we don't have to talk about anything specific... A normal conversation will do just fine, really.
Touko: You're really serious about this. My bad. I just went and poked fun at you like normal.
Shuuji: No, it's fine. I mean, I know this is a bit out of the blue.
Touko: What's this about, though? Why do you want to know more about me?
Shuuji: Well, you see, errm... There's no big reason behind it.
Shuuji: It's just, we're in the same club, but I barely know anything about you. When I realized that, it started to bother me and made me want to do something about it.
Touko: Oh, I see.
Shuuji: So I just thought we could hang out together a little, or something.
*Did that come off more seriously than I intended? I don't really know any other way to say it though...*
Touko: Errm... What should I do...
Shuuji: So... is that a no, then?
Touko: Chatting itself isn't a problem. I don't mind doing that.
Shuuji: Oh, well, that's good...
*Togakushi-senpai doesn't seem put off by my proposal.*
*What a relief... My heart was about to pound out of my chest, I was worrying so much about her saying no.*
Shuuji: Why do you sound so troubled, though...?
Touko: Well, chatting a little isn't much of a reward, is it? It's just a normal, everyday thing.
Touko: So it doesn't feel right. Hmm... Oh, I know. Let's go somewhere on our next day off, just the two of us, and talk there.
Shuuji: Huh? Just the two of us?
Touko: Yeah, that's right. That'll make it nice and easy for us to talk, won't it?
Shuuji: D-Do you mean like...
*That's what you call a date... right?*
Touko: Like a date... yeah? A boy and a girl meeting up someplace to eat and talk. Sounds like a date to me.
Shuuji: ......
*The smile on Togakushi-senpai's face doesn't falter for a moment.*
*It's a serious proposition. She's not just teasing me here.*
*She's so unlike me. I know that she just means all of this as a friend, that she's not thinking about the implications...*
*But a date with Togakushi-senpai, huh...?*
Touko: Does that sound good?
Shuuji: Yeah, sounds great.
Touko: It's settled, then! Your reward for doing a good job with the Halloween party is a date with me. I sound a bit arrogant, putting it that way. Ahaha.
Shuuji: N-No, I don't think you did at all. Thank you very much, Senpai.
Touko: No problem. Well then, I'm looking forward to our date.
Shuuji: I-I'm looking forward to it too.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: A date with Togakushi-senpai...
*It's still a while away, and all we'll be doing is talking.*
*Right. I'm just going to hang out and chat with Togakushi-senpai so I can find out more about this mysterious, unreadable person.*
*She doesn't think it's anything special, anyway... At least, I don't think she does.*
*We're just meeting up somewhere together to talk. There's no reason to be nervous.*
Shuuji: I know that, but still... I'm so nervous.
*Being the only guy in the study group made me nervous too, but I could just think of that as an extension of my club activities.*
*This time, however, things are different. The two of us are going out, and it has nothing to do with the OC.*
Shuuji: Whoa, this is the real deal. An actual, real date.
Shuuji: A date... A date, huh?
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Do I even have any good date clothes?!
*I take a quick, panicked look through my clothes, but only find some T-shirts and overshirts.*
*Everything I own is a variation of the same boring outfit!*
Shuuji: I have to buy some clothes, right?! But what do I get?!
*I-I have no idea! What's even fashionable these days?!*
*What can I wear that won't make Togakushi-senpai feel embarrassed to be seen with me?!*
================================================================================
Hideaki: Yo.
Shuuji: Morning, Kaidou.
Hideaki: Well, don't you look happy? I take it your date went well?
Shuuji: Yeah, it wasn't bad. It wasn't romantic, but I had fun. And Togakushi-senpai did too.
Shuuji: ...I think.
Hideaki: Ohh, that's good. So, learn anything while you were having fun?
Shuuji: Yeah...
Shuuji: Something massive.
Hideaki: Whatcha mean?
Shuuji: (Her cup size!)
*As if I could tell him that.*
Shuuji: Anyway, I'm not gonna need you consoling me or anything.
Hideaki: Congrats, dude. Not many people have that much fun on their first date. Good going.
Shuuji: Really?
Hideaki: First dates fail miserably all the time, with breakups following soon after.
Shuuji: But people go out because they like each other. Why would one bad date make them break it off?
Hideaki: It's not like they're married. It's pretty normal these days to date as a way to have fun, or to go through partners until they find that special someone.
Shuuji: Sounds a bit short-sighted.
Hideaki: It depends on the person. You get lots of people coming to the OC for help. Hasn't anyone like that come in?
Shuuji: Hmm... We get a lot of people asking us about love, but I don't think we've had the kind of person you're talking about.
Shuuji: A guy who can get a girlfriend on the first date isn't going to come to us, is he?
Hideaki: True that. But girls don't like taking things that quickly.
Shuuji: Really?
Hideaki: Well, in my experience, at least.
Hideaki: Anyway, you had fun, right? Think you're compatible with each other?
Shuuji: ...Dunno, really. We were so busy I didn't stop to think about it.
Hideaki: If you didn't dislike being around her, then that's a good indicator. That's the kind of girl you wanna go for.
Shuuji: I guess... What are you trying to say, here?
Hideaki: Oh, I don't know. Am I trying to say anything?
Shuuji: You're not thinking anything strange, are you?
Hideaki: No! I'm not thinking anything bad. I was just thinking about how much you've changed since you've joined the OC.
Hideaki: Never thought I'd see you actually going on a date, for one. You've been looking a lot happier, lately.
Shuuji: ...You care about me more than I would've thought.
Hideaki: Don't act surprised. We're friends, aren't we? And friends worry about each other.
Hideaki: Especially when one of those friends is such a socially awkward loner.
Shuuji: That's how it is, is it?
*I do feel like I've become better at socializing, especially at school. I'm probably not what you'd call normal, though.*
*Kaidou is far more worried about me than I realized.*
Shuuji: ......
*Huh? My chest kinda hurts...*
Hideaki: Well, that aside, it's normal to support your friends when it comes to love. Unless you're chasing the same girl.
Shuuji: Thanks, but it's not like I'm in love with Togakushi-senpai or anything.
Hideaki: Then who do you like?
Shuuji: What? No one right now.
Shuuji: I mean... I don't even understand love, really.
Hideaki: ...Huh? Are we in a shoujo manga right now?! Are you a girl?! Some sheltered princess?!
Shuuji: Shut up! I can't help it, it's just how I feel!
Hideaki: Just looking at you makes me worried.
Shuuji: What are you, my dad?
Hideaki: Well, if you do feel that way, this could be a good chance. You've gotten close to an absolute catch. Why not think about romance a bit?
Shuuji: Romance, huh...
Hideaki: ......
Shuuji: ......
Hideaki: ...Pfft.
Hideaki: Haha! You, romance? I mean, hehe... ahahahahaha! My sides are gonna split!
Shuuji: I'm right here you know?!
*That kinda hurts! And my cheeks are burning up!*
Wakana: Huh? What are you two doing here? What's so funny, Kaidou?
Hideaki: Aha, haha... You gotta hear this, Wakana-chan.
Shuuji: Wha?! No! Don't you dare!
Hideaki: What? We can't keep something this hilarious to ourselves.
Shuuji: Yes we can!
Wakana: ...? What are you two up to? Oh, I get it. You're flirting.
Hideaki, Shuuji: We are not!
Wakana: How cute. You two are even in sync!
Hideaki: You've got it all wrong! I only like girls! I actually have someone I... Oh, no, never mind.
Wakana: Oh? What was that? Someone you... what?
Hideaki: Oops, there's the bell! Time to head to class! Gotta study and all!
Wakana: Ah, hey, Kaidou! Hold up!
*Kaidou flees into the classroom with Kariya giving chase and grinning.*
*Guess I'll follow.*
Wakana: Oh, right. Hoshina.
Shuuji: Hm?
*Kariya comes back out of the classroom.*
Wakana: You have your club today, right?
Shuuji: Yeah, I should... Want a consultation or something?
Wakana: Not me, no. I know someone who does, though. Think you'll have time today?
Shuuji: Yeah, we'll have plenty.
Wakana: So it's cool if I bring them along, then?
Shuuji: Yeah. I'll let Ayachi-san know.
Wakana: Great, thanks!
Wakana: Kaidou! We're not finished yet!
Shuuji: ......
*Kaidou's in love, is he? Huh... Who with, I wonder?*
*Love, huh...*
Shuuji: ......
Touko: Shiiba-san, what shampoo and conditioner do you use?
Tsumugi: Huh, you're asking me?
Touko: Yeah. You have such beautiful hair.
Tsumugi: No way, your hair is way prettier, Togakushi-senpai. It's so smooth and glossy.
Touko: I've always wished my hair's color was a bit lighter. I've been thinking of dying it recently.
Tsumugi: No! Don't do that!
Touko: Really? Hmm... If it's getting you that worked up, then I guess I should rethink it.
Shuuji: ......
*Togakushi-senpai, huh? She's cute and has a great figure... Just look at those soft, massive tits.*
*She's kind and funny too, always finding a way to make me laugh, even if it is mainly with dirty jokes.*
*And it goes without saying that she's popular. There aren't many people as charming and attractive as her.*
*Just her being in this club makes it one of the most sought-out clubs in school.*
Hideaki: Well, if you do feel that way, this could be a good chance. This is pretty close to a sure thing. Why not think about romance a bit?
*That's what Kaidou said... I wonder if he's on to something?*
*Hmm...*
Touko: ...? Hoshina-kun? Something wrong?
Shuuji: Huh?! D-Do you need something?
Tsumugi: You were staring at Togakushi-senpai, you know?
Shuuji: W-Was I...? I didn't mean to. I was just kinda spacing out.
Tsumugi: Really? You looked like something was bothering you...
Touko: Is there something you want to tell me?
Shuuji: No, there isn't. Sorry for the misunderstanding.
Touko: Well... if you say so.
Meguru: You know, there are way fewer people coming in here to ask Nene-senpai to join their band now.
Nene: Yes, it's quite a relief. I'm finally able to focus on the club again.
Meguru: Someone's meant to be coming here soon, right?
Nene: Ah, is today the day Kariya-san's bringing her friend over?
Shuuji: That's what she told me. I don't know why or when exactly she's coming, though.
*As chance would have it, there's a knock on the door the moment I say that.*
Nene: Come in. It's open.
Wakana: Hey, 'sup? Is Ayachi-san still here?
*Kariya comes in, casually greeting us like some kind of dudebro.*
Nene: Please, take a seat.
Wakana: Oh, thanks, but I can't. I've got work today, so I need to get going. But before I do...
Wakana: Hey, come on in.
Student: Umm, excuse me.
Nene: Welcome.
Wakana: This is Higo-san. Do you think you could hear her out?
Nene: Yes, most certainly.
Wakana: Great, that's a relief. You can trust the OC, Higo-san.
Student: Ah, okay. Thank you, Kariya-san.
Wakana: Right, then. Sorry, but I better be off. Bye, guys.
Nene: Goodbye.
Student: Thank you, Kariya-san.
*We all see her off, then turn to face Higo-san.*
Student: E-Errm...
Nene: Please, take a seat.
Student: Thank you.
*The girl glances around the room out of curiosity as she sits down.*
*I feel a bitterness coming from the timid, anxious-looking student.*
*It's like she's frowning internally.*
*She must really be worried about something.*
Touko: Here, have some tea.
Student: Oh, thank you for your hospitality.
Nene: So then, let's get straight to business. There's something troubling you, I hear?
Student: Yeah... It's about a boy...
Tsumugi: Romance, huh? We seem to help out a lot of people with love-related matters.
Meguru: Ugh... Being in this club really hurts when you're single.
Touko: Now, now. We're all the same there.
*She's worried about love... Maybe I'm jumping the gun by thinking this, but we might be in the same position.*
*Maybe I'll learn something by listening to what she has to say.*
Student: With the way things are going, it looks like we're going to break up... Obviously, I don't want to, but I've been wondering if I should stop being so selfish and give up...
Nene: ...? Sorry, but I don't quite understand the situation. Could you tell us a bit more about it?
Student: O-Of course. We've been dating for about six months now. At the start, we were always together, and it was so much fun...
Student: But lately, we haven't been able to see each other much at all.
Touko: Is there a reason for that?
Student: He's on our basketball team. And since he's an older member who's retiring soon, he's putting a lot of time into it.
Shuuji: Is our basketball team really good or something?
Touko: I'd say it's more like they're "established." They often win the local preliminaries without a problem. I've read about it in the Student Council.
Touko: But they keep losing in the prefectural tournaments, so they've never made it to the Nationals... If I recall correctly, they lost in the summer finals this year, right?
Student: That's right. That was really disappointing. They did so well, and I did so much to cheer them on.
Student: When I told my boyfriend maybe they would've won if I cheered them on better, he hugged me and told me that it wasn't my fault.
Student: He's so cool when he's playing point guard. No one can touch him. He's just incredible.
Meguru: ...How amazing he is isn't relevant to the issue at hand.
Student: Oh, sorry... Well, as I was saying, they always get so far, but they've never been able to go all the way.
Student: My boyfriend's become the captain of his age group, and they have sworn to reach the Nationals this year. They've been practicing nonstop ever since.
Student: They train in the mornings and after school until late at night... They even practice on Saturdays. Sunday's meant to be their day off, but most of them still do individual training.
Student: The only time I ever get to see him is if I go to his place.
Meguru: His place... A date at his house... ~~~!
Touko: ...You're not thinking of something naughty, are you?
Meguru: No, I am not! I never would! Please don't say such rude things!
Touko: Mufufu.
Meguru: P-Personally, I'd prefer to spend my time at home.
Tsumugi: But don't you get bored if you spend so much time at home?
Touko: Yeah, that's right. You need to experience the outdoors and get some fresh air every once in a while.
Meguru: Really? I'm perfectly happy just playing games and reading books... Though, I've never been on a date before.
Shuuji: Anyway, to summarize: you don't have as much time to spend with each other, and you're unhappy with the dates you do go on. Would that be fair to say?
Student: Oh, but it's not like he's ignoring me or anything! He replies to my messages. I think he's doing as much as he can.
Nene: But you're unsatisfied with the time you're spending together.
Shuuji: Have you tried talking to him about it?
Student: The other day I said that I wanted to go out on a date like we used to... Then he got really serious.
Student: He told me that he was going to be really busy with practice and that, if I didn't think he could keep me happy, then we should think about breaking up.
Tsumugi: That sounds tough.
Student: It felt like he was just telling me he wanted to break up then and there... What do you think?
Tsumugi: Huh? Um, I'm not sure...
Meguru: It's hard to come to a conclusion from that alone...
Touko: What happened afterward?
Student: We made up. Kind of... It still feels like there's a gap between us. And I've gotten more anxious. I'm worried things won't ever go back to how they were before.
Student: I want to know how he really feels! If he does want to break up, then... I...
Student: What do you think is best for me to do? For his sake?
Tsumugi: Well... That's a tough question.
Touko: Indeed. It's a little soon to give advice, isn't it?
Nene: ...Would you mind giving us some time? I would like to find out how your boyfriend feels.
Shuuji: Oh, right. Would it be okay if we told your boyfriend how you're feeling, based on what you just told us?
Student: Well...
Student: ......
Student: Okay. I'm... I'm ready. Please, do what you can.
Tsumugi: I don't mind trying to help her, but how are we meant to solve this?
Nene: Let's see... I believe our top priority is finding out how her boyfriend feels.
Touko: I agree. We'll end up going in circles if we don't find that out.
Meguru: Then should we all go and talk to him together?
Shuuji: No, we shouldn't gang up on the guy, given the subject matter.
Tsumugi: Especially since four of us are girls... He might take it the wrong way.
Meguru: I see... Then we'll leave it up to you, Hoshina-senpai. You're a guy.
Shuuji: Oh, well... that's fair. I'm the best option here.
*If we hear what Higo-san's boyfriend has to say, we'll get a better understanding of the situation.*
*At the very least, we can try to resolve this in the way that hurts her the least.*
*As long as he's not hiding anything, that is.*
Shuuji: Okay. But could I take someone with me? I'd like someone who can speak for Higo-san to be there too.
Nene: Of course. We're can't solve this just by passing her words along. We need to have a proper dialogue with him.
Tsumugi: Someone relaxed would be best then, right?
Meguru: Someone who won't get emotional and won't make him feel pressured... That leaves me out, I guess. I'd probably get emotional.
Tsumugi: I wouldn't do very well either. I think I'd get so angry that I wouldn't be able to speak rationally.
Shuuji: So, Ayachi-san or Togakushi-senpai, then?
Nene: I'd like you to do this, Senpai.
Touko: You would?
Nene: Well, considering his circumstances, I believe he'll find it easier to open up to an older girl.
Meguru: Ahh, you have a point there.
Tsumugi: And no one gives off the air of a kind older girl more than Togakushi-senpai.
Touko: You think so? You're making me blush.
Touko: I'm not sure I'll be good at this sort of thing, though.
Nene: I'm no good at it either. But I do think he'll have an easier time talking to you than he would to me. You were the Student Council president.
Touko: I don't think being the president has much to do with this... But if you insist, then I won't refuse.
Shuuji: Great. Thanks, Togakushi-senpai.
Touko: No problem!
*And so Togakushi-senpai and I head toward the gym where the basketball team is practicing.*
Touko: I know I agreed to this, but... I'm really not good at it.
Shuuji: You aren't? But didn't you have to hear a lot of people out when you were president?
Touko: And that was really hard!
Touko: The only experience I have is the date we went on the other day. I don't know anything when it comes to love.
Shuuji: Pretty sure that puts you a step ahead of everyone else in the OC, though.
*Ayachi-san and Shiiba-san have been too busy being witches to have any time for romance.*
*And Inaba-san's only just gotten used to being at this school. They're really not much different from Togakushi-senpai.*
Shuuji: I'm just happy you're with me, at least. It's very reassuring.
Touko: Hoshina-kun... Can I take that as a love confession?
Shuuji: Huh? Ah, no! That's not what I meant!
Touko: Mufufu, the way you denied that so desperately... is a bit of a shame.
Shuuji: ...You're teasing me again, aren't you?
Touko: Your reactions are just so adorably honest.
Shuuji: ......
Touko: Oh, don't sulk now. Let's turn that frown upside down and head to the basketball team.
Touko: They're still practicing... Don't they take any breaks? It'll be hard to talk to him otherwise.
Shuuji: They want to reach the Nationals so badly that they're putting practice before girls... We'll have to choose our moment carefully.
Touko: Should we watch them for a bit, then?
Shuuji: Yeah. They might take a break while we're waiting for them.
Touko: But what if they don't?
Shuuji: They have to. They'd seriously hurt themselves if they don't take any breaks at all.
*That being said, I don't know if they'll take a break long enough for us to step in...*
*Just as I'm thinking that one of the club members notices me and Togakushi-senpai, and comes jogging over to us.*
Basketball Club Member: Umm, you're Togakushi-senpai, right? Does the Student Council need something from us?
Touko: Oh, no. I've already retired from the Student Council. I'm here on other business today.
Shuuji: We want to talk to a guy called Shiba-kun... Could you call him for us? Or is now a bad time?
Basketball Club Member: I'm Shiba...
Shuuji: I'm Hoshina, from class 2-A. This conversation might take a while, so I'd like for us to go somewhere else, if possible.
Touko: Sorry for forcing this on you so suddenly. It's really important that we talk to you.
Basketball Club Member: ...Okay. Just give me five minutes, then. We'll be taking a break soon.
Shuuji: We're from the Occult Club.
Basketball Club Member: What club is that? I've never heard of it before.
Touko: Our club is officially recognized by the school. We mainly focus on helping people with their problems.
Touko: And so, someone with a certain love-related problem came to us today.
Shuuji: I'm sure you know who we're talking about...
Basketball Club Member: ...You must mean Mayuko.
Basketball Club Member: What did she say? That she's lonely because I've been too busy with basketball to see her?
Shuuji: Well, that's part of it... But you told her that she should break up with you if she was unhappy, didn't you?
Shuuji: So now she's worried that you said that because you want to break up with her.
Basketball Club Member: But...
Touko: Is it true? Did you want to break up with her, but couldn't bring yourself to say it directly?
Basketball Club Member: No, not at all!
Touko: Then why would you say that to her?
Basketball Club Member: This summer really sucked. We lost out on going to the Nationals by two points... By a single missed shot. It feels worse than you can imagine.
Basketball Club Member: That's why I really want us to get to the Nationals this winter, and next year too. Everyone else feels the same. We're all working hard to make it happen.
Basketball Club Member: I really do love her, but basketball is important to me too. I only have one year left here... That's why practice has to come first for now.
Basketball Club Member: If I ended up missing out again because I put Mayuko first, I'd just regret it... I'd always be thinking, what if I hadn't chosen her?
Shuuji: ...Sounds like you'd regret whichever choice you make.
Basketball Club Member: I really didn't want it to sound like I wish to break up with her.
Basketball Club Member: Sorry... Looks like practice is starting up again.
Shuuji: Oh, right. Thanks.
Shuuji: Do you think we could borrow some more of your time, if needed?
Basketball Club Member: Yeah, but I'd appreciate it if you come when I'm not practicing.
Touko: Don't get mad at your girlfriend for talking to us, okay?
Basketball Club Member: I won't. This is my fault in the first place.
*Togakushi-senpai and I let out a groan together after watching Shiba-kun disappear back into the gym.*
Touko: He's got a good head on his shoulders, though it might be screwed on a bit tight. That would explain why he said something so horrible, even if he didn't mean to.
Shuuji: It didn't seem like he was hiding anything.
Touko: I get what he was trying to say, but... he still shouldn't have told her to break up with him without even discussing things first.
Touko: What do you think, Hoshina-kun? You're a guy too.
Shuuji: Right... Well, he knows his time is limited, so he wants to put his club first, but he doesn't want his girlfriend to suffer as a result. I understand how he feels.
Touko: ...I guess his heart is in the right place? He's trying to be kind to her.
Touko: But as a girl, I would want to tackle this problem together. To make it through to the other side, hand-in-hand.
Shuuji: I think you were on the money when you said his head was screwed on too tightly.
*There was no trace of that telltale taste of medicine during our conversation. He looked serious too.*
*In fact, I could tell that he didn't make his decision lightly.*
*I'm certain that he's still in love with Higo-san.*
Touko: This is a problem... They're both in love with each other, but they still can't tell how the other is feeling... Love really is difficult.
Touko: I don't have any knowledge to fall back on here... Do you have any similar experiences, or anyone you've ever loved, Hoshina-kun? We could use that as a reference.
Shuuji: Me? Let's see...
*To be blunt, I've been avoiding all of that.*
*Maybe when I was young, before I discovered my ability? I can't remember anything relevant, though.*
*I don't have any memories worth bringing up here. It's kind of pathetic...*
Shuuji: Sorry, but I've got nothing. Mind if I cry for a bit?
Touko: Really? Don't be embarrassed. You can tell me anything. I promise I won't say a word to anyone. Come, now. Be honest with me~
Shuuji: I'm not hiding anything. I'm just too much of a loner to have any experience.
Shuuji: I have a lot to do at home. It's always been that way. Until recently, I used to put my home life before my school life.
Touko: You have a lot to do at home?
Shuuji: Have I not told you already? It's only me and my dad at home.
Shuuji: My dad works from early in the morning until late at night, sometimes even on weekends, so I have to do all the housework.
Touko: Really? I'm sorry for bringing this up.
Shuuji: It's okay. You don't have to apologize.
Touko: I live alone, so I know what you mean; it does take up a lot of time. Sometimes the housework really is a handful.
Shuuji: Right. So I've never really focused on love or romance before.
Touko: ...I see. This might be a tricky case to solve without either of us having any experience.
Shuuji: Yeah, this isn't the kind of thing you can understand by studying.
Touko: Yeah... Anyway, should we head back to the club room and report in to everyone?
Touko: We're back.
Nene: Welcome back, you two.
Shuuji: Yo.
Meguru: How'd it go?
Tsumugi: Yeah. What happened with the boyfriend?
Touko: Hmm... Well, it's a bit of a tricky situation.
Nene: What do you mean?
*We explain that Shiba-kun is definitely still in love with Higo-san.*
*And that since it's his last year, he wants to focus on basketball. *
*We also mention how he didn't intend to sound like he wanted to break up with her.*
*Everyone grows more and more concerned as our report progresses.*
Meguru: That... does make things difficult.
Tsumugi: It sounds like at least one of them will have to suffer if they want to maintain their relationship.
Touko: That's right. And since they both still love each other... we really need to find a way to resolve their anxieties.
Nene: I can't think of anything.
Tsumugi: Then what should we do?
Meguru: Why don't we take some time to think about it on our own? Oh, but Higo-san looked like she was really suffering.
Touko: We shouldn't take too long, but I do think we should spend some time thinking about it.
Nene: You're right... We'll leave it here for today and come back to this tomorrow. Until then, I want us all to think about the problem on our own.
Tsumugi: Alright.
Shuuji: ......
*I don't think I'm going to be much help.*
*Like, am I even capable of thinking of a decent idea?*
Shuuji: Hmm...
*I understand how both Shiba-kun and Higo-san feel.*
*There's no mistaking that the two of them love each other.*
Shuuji: ......
Taichi: Uh, hello? You're burning the meat.
Shuuji: Huh? Oh, crap!
*I lift the frying pan and turn the stove off.*
*That was close. I almost burnt tonight's dinner.*
Taichi: Thinking about something? Try not to do that while cooking.
Shuuji: Yeah, you're right. Sorry.
*I dish the meat out onto plates and the rice into bowls.*
*I then take our dinner over to the table, sit down, and put my hands together.*
Shuuji: Thanks for the food.
Taichi: Thanks for the food. So, something troubling you?
Shuuji: Yeah... Dad, has anyone ever asked you, "what's more important, your work or me"?
Taichi: Where did that come from? Oh, wait, did you actually get a girlfriend?
Shuuji: No, this isn't about me. I'm talking about someone else. They came to ask me for help.
Taichi: What, really? Man, we really won't be getting a grandchild, darling...
Shuuji: You don't need to tell Mom stuff like that.
Taichi: The fact that people are coming to you for help shows that you've grown, though. Maybe my dreams really will come true...
*Well, it is true that just a couple months ago, no one would have come to me to talk about their problems.*
*Man, my youth really has been dull until now...*
Shuuji: Enough of that. Has it happened to you or not?
Taichi: Not with your mother; she was too kind a woman. But someone else did ask me that once.
Shuuji: Yeah? How'd you answer?
Taichi: I said, "Let me ask you this: would you prefer me having a job, or being unemployed?"
Shuuji: And then what happened?
Taichi: She got really angry and yelled, "That's not the point here!" We broke up shortly after. I still don't really understand what happened.
Shuuji: You broke up? That's it?
Taichi: Yeah. She kept asking me questions like that. Let me tell you, there's no dealing with a woman like that!
Shuuji: Yeah... I dunno how I'd think about that. Sounds like it'd be a pain.
Taichi: Don't act so picky if you've never even dated anyone.
Shuuji: That's harsh, man...
Taichi: So, why do you ask?
Shuuji: Well, the two of them love each other, but they're struggling to let each other know how they feel. I can't see a solution to the problem.
Shuuji: Even if you love someone, you've gotta work, right? But what are you meant to do so that your relationship doesn't fall apart?
Taichi: Without just breaking up?
Shuuji: Preferably.
Taichi: Let's see, then... One thing you could do is take a day off from work and spend that time with your partner.
Shuuji: A day off, you say...
Taichi: And I don't just mean take them to your work with you. They'd ditch for sure if you did that.
Taichi: It's only a temporary fix, but it's a good way to keep both parties happy. Though, the problems will end up coming round again.
Shuuji: Yeah... You're right.
Taichi: Nothing will change if you keep working the same hours. If it becomes too much of a problem, the two of them are better off breaking up and finding partners who suit their needs more.
*Shiba-kun was probably thinking along those lines.*
*Their hobbies, personalities, and club activities don't match. It being better for your partner if you break up seems like a typical male way of thinking.*
Taichi: There are several things people hold dear in life. The obvious ones other than your love are your work and hobbies.
Taichi: But some people don't want anything to be more important than themselves. That can easily become an irreconcilable difference. It's just who they are, at a fundamental level.
Shuuji: Isn't that a little extreme?
Taichi: I'm sure even you get lonely and maybe even jealous when you see one of your few friends being friendly with their other friends, right? It's the same in love.
Shuuji: Sure, I get lonely, but... jealous?
Taichi: Think about if you only had one friend, but that friend had many others. You'd just be one of his many friends. You'd most certainly feel jealous. That's normal.
Shuuji: Hmm... Yeah, I guess.
Taichi: That's the same kind of situation. If you don't want your partner to be like that, then no amount of talking will fix things. It's a problem with who they are at a basic level.
Shuuji: But I doubt you're going to find anyone that perfect, are you?
Taichi: Most people get like that, yes. But what's most important is forgiveness and the will to stick together.
Shuuji: ...You know, you're pretty smart, Dad.
Taichi: Having kids will make you grow up in a hurry. Especially for me, since I have to manage people in my work too.
Taichi: Though, I've learned all this after school. It's probably different while you're still there.
Taichi: You need to give up on talking this one through. Unless you can change these people's personalities, you're just smoothing over the cracks in the foundation.
*I understand what my dad's getting at.*
*I get it, but do they really have to break up even though they love each other?*
*Is there a way for them to stay together without either of them having to give anything up?*
*I'm at a complete loss.*
================================================================================
Wakana: Morning, Hoshina.
Shuuji: Hm? Oh, good morning Kariya. *yaaawn*
Wakana: That was a big yawn. Didn't get enough sleep last night?
Shuuji: There's just been a lot going on.
Wakana: Huh. Oh, right. Thanks for helping Higo-san.
Shuuji: Hm? Oh, we didn't do all that much. Just made a suggestion.
Wakana: Don't be like that. She's really grateful to you. She even called me to thank me for introducing her to the OC.
Shuuji: Well... It looks like those two still have their work cut out for them.
Wakana: They've got a long road ahead of them, but I think they'll make it through.
Wakana: You should've heard her on the phone, going on about how cool he looks when he's playing basketball and how happy she is to support him from the sidelines. She's head over heels for him.
Shuuji: Yeah? I'm glad it's working out.
Wakana: Sounds like you weren't worrying about Higo-san all night... Was something else keeping you up?
Shuuji: Yeah, it was.
Wakana: Hmm. Well, if you think I can help, I'm all ears. I owe you one, anyway.
Shuuji: We don't think of it that way. Not at the OC. You don't owe us anything.
Wakana: I thought you'd say that, but I didn't want to assume. Anyway, don't worry, just tell me.
Shuuji: Hmm... Well, okay...
Shuuji: It's probably not a bad idea to listen to some advice every now and then.
Wakana: ......
Shuuji: Wh-What's with that face?
Wakana: ...I'm shocked. I never thought you'd say that, Hoshina-kun. This is the biggest surprise of the year.
Shuuji: Aren't you exaggerating?
Wakana: I mean, you always used to just brush people off and say "maybe next time," right?
Wakana: But now... Huh... Hoh... Hmm... You've changed.
*Her saying that right to my face is kind of humiliating.*
*It would be ten times more embarrassing if I brought up that "studying love" stuff now!*
Wakana: So, what's bothering you, Hoshina?
Shuuji: ...I can't say it after all.
Wakana: What? But you were just going to!
Shuuji: Look, I'll come and talk to you if I end up stumped, okay?
Wakana: You're not just brushing me off?
Shuuji: I'm not.
Wakana: Okay, then. I'll be waiting.
Wakana: But really, Hoshina... Uhehe.
Shuuji: Would you stop grinning like that?
Wakana: Sorry!
*The two of us head to school together.*
*Studying love, huh...?*
Touko: Hey... We're here to study and gain experience in all that lies in wait for us in the world of dating... right?
Touko: So, would you like to practice together? Unless... you dislike me?
*Wh-Wh-Wh-What if she brings up something like that?!*
*What am I meant to do then?!*
Wakana: ...Why are you blushing so much?
Shuuji: Huh?!
Shuuji: N-No reason. C'mon, we gotta hurry.
Wakana: Whoa, that's definitely suspicious...
Touko: Oh, heyo, Hoshina-kun!
Shuuji: Good morning, Togakushi-senpai.
Touko: And, umm... You're Kariya-san, right? I remember you playing the guitar at the Halloween party. Good morning.
Wakana: Good morning.
Touko: Hoshina-kun, can I have a moment?
Shuuji: Oh, yeah. Of course.
Wakana: I'll go on ahead then. See you in class.
Shuuji: Yeah, see ya.
*Kariya walks on ahead, not suspicious of me and Togakushi-senpai in the slightest.*
*She probably thinks this has something to do with the OC.*
*Togakushi-senpai and I aren't exactly on the same level, so there's no way Kariya would suspect anything here.*
Touko: Sorry, did I get in the way?
Shuuji: Of me and Kariya? We were just walking to school together. Nothing to get in the way of.
Touko: Oh, that's right. You're just as inexperienced as me. So, picking up from where we left off yesterday...
Shuuji: Studying love?
Touko: Yeah, studying love.
*"Studying love"... Saying that out loud is about as embarrassing as it gets.*
Shuuji: Umm, Senpai. We kind of stand out here.
Touko: Oh right. Then let's head somewhere else.
Touko: Did I make that sound super serious or something? I just meant that we should study some romance movies and manga.
Touko: I mean, I've only just joined the OC, but it seems like a lot of girls come in asking for love advice, right?
Shuuji: Yeah, they do.
Touko: So I think it'd be a good idea for us to research love. It'd help out our club too.
Shuuji: Well... Yeah, I guess you have a point. But why ask for my help?
Touko: Because it's love. It's not the easiest thing to figure out. You might end up with a biased perspective if you study it alone.
Touko: I thought it would be better if I did this with a boy. And you were the first person who came to mind.
Touko: And you know... talking about "studying love" is really embarrassing, isn't it? I blush just saying it.
Shuuji: Actually, yeah... I was just thinking that myself.
Touko: The topic is too embarrassing to talk about with someone who doesn't know my circumstances. Some people might get the wrong idea, depending on how they take it.
Shuuji: Ahh... You've got a point. That could create a huge misunderstanding.
*I say, as the remaining glimmer of hope within me dies out.*
*I imagine a lot of people would get some wild ideas if Senpai came to them with the same proposal.*
*Basically, what it means is... I'm the only one she can trust here.*
Shuuji: ......
*But if she's that comfortable with me, doesn't that mean she thinks nothing of me?*
*If so, that's kind of upsetting...*
Touko: Also... to be completely honest, I've been a bit interested in you since we've first met, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Huh?! I-Interested, you say...?
Touko: I wouldn't call it deja vu, but it felt like we had met somewhere before... I felt, like, a sense of security?
Shuuji: You think we've met before coming to this academy?
Touko: No, I'm probably just imagining things... But who knows? It certainly feels that way. Hmm...
Touko: Well, anyway, we're like-minded enough, and it was something too sad to do on my own, so I asked you... Do you really not want to?
Shuuji: Actually, I don't mind at all.
*Well... Even if Senpai doesn't see me as a love interest, this does mean I'm the guy she feels closest to right now.*
*That's certainly something to be happy about.*
*Besides, she seems really worried by this love stuff.*
Shuuji: So sure, let's do this. I'm more than happy to help you out here.
Touko: Really? Wow, thank you!
Shuuji: Like you said, I'm just as inexperienced as you. Maybe this will be a good way to learn a thing or two.
*Take that date we went on before for example.*
*I was ridiculously nervous when the time came because I had never done anything like it before.*
*There are a lot of things you will never understand without first-hand experience, but it's still not a bad idea to gather some knowledge.*
*I don't really watch movies, and I've barely read any manga or novels, either.*
*So this could be a good experience for me.*
*And, since this is Senpai I'm doing this with, maybe I'll learn how to be more normal. How to interact with people like everyone else.*
*That's what I want more than anything.*
Shuuji: As long as I won't be too much of a bother...
Touko: I couldn't do this without you. I'm so glad you accepted.
Shuuji: So, have you thought about what we'll actually be doing?
Touko: Hmm, let's see... Could I come over to your house next weekend?
Shuuji: Huh?! M-M-My... house?
Touko: Is that a problem?
Shuuji: No, not really, but, errm... I'm a guy... y'know?
Touko: Yeah. So?
Shuuji: It's only me and my dad at home. And he'll be at work.
Shuuji: You'll be coming alone to a guy's home. Are you sure about this? Aren't we skipping like a million steps here?
Touko: You're asking me if I'm sure? What, are you suggesting that you'd try and force me into performing some indecent acts? I never thought you were that kind of man.
Touko: But if that's what you're saying, then maybe I should rethink some things...
Shuuji: Huh? No! That's not what I meant! I'd never do anything so horrible!
Shuuji: But... if I don't say that up front, won't you think I'm plotting something?
Touko: No, I wouldn't. I trust you, Hoshina-kun.
Touko: I wouldn't have suggested this otherwise. I'm not that naive, you know?
Shuuji: R-Really...?
*She suggests being at home alone with a guy, and she's not naive?*
*Maybe... I'm just being too self-conscious here?*
Touko: My oh my. When I mentioned exploring love, did you think we were going to have up-close and personal lessons on the birds and the bees? You naughty boy.
Shuuji: The birds and the bees...? How old are you?
Touko: Mufufu, you have such a lecherous look on your face right now. Young boys like you get their hopes up far too easily.
Shuuji: Please stop saying stuff like that! I wasn't thinking about that at all!
Touko: Honestly, I wanted to invite you over to my place, but it's too cramped.
Touko: I don't even have a TV, and I'm not even sure if my PC has a DVD drive.
*S-Senpai, inviting me to her house...? This conversation is too much for me.*
Shuuji: What do you do in your free time then, Senpai?
Touko: Mainly housework. I also read books, study, and browse the internet. I live alone and am jobless, so I don't have much money to spend.
Touko: Oh, I didn't ask because I figured it was pretty normal, but you do have a TV and a DVD player at home, don't you?
Shuuji: We do, but they're pretty old.
Touko: That's fine. As long as we can watch stuff on it. So, do you think I can come over to your house this weekend to watch a DVD?
Shuuji: Th-That's fine by me...
Touko: Really? Hooray! Thanks. I'm looking forward to it, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Yeah, same here.
Touko: Now that that's settled, I need to start thinking about what we're going to watch.
Shuuji: Right. I'll leave that up to you, Senpai.
Touko: Yup, sure thing!
*I need time to get ready, too.*
*Obviously, I need to clean and make sure the TV and DVD player work. But there are also a lot of things I need to make sure she won't stumble upon...*
*And so it is decided that Senpai and I will hold our own private study session.*
*It sounds kinda lewd when I put it that way... Anyway, I've got a lot of work to do!*
*First, cleaning! And hiding, let's not forget!*
Shuuji: Let's see... She might find them if I hid them here, but she might look at my bookshelf, so hiding them there instead might not work...
Shuuji: I could hide them under my bed, but that's far too cliched.
*Gah... Why is it so hard to find a place to hide my porn?*
*No guy wants his parents finding his stuff, so most hide it under their beds. There's gotta be a better place than that, though.*
*I'm the one who cleans everything around here, so my dad rarely enters my room. I haven't ever really had to worry about this much before...*
Shuuji: Dammit, where the hell should I hide this stuff? Ugh, I have no idea what to do.
*.........*
*......*
*...*
================================================================================
Touko: Ah! Morning, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: T-Togakushi-senpai! G-Good morning.
*Togakushi-senpai comes in out of nowhere again, giving me a good scare.*
Touko: Because there's a girl right now who's gotten the wrong idea from all of your compliments.
*I still can't get what she said the other day out of my head.*
*What did she actually mean by that?*
Touko: Is something wrong?
Shuuji: U-Umm, Senpai...?
Touko: What is it?
Shuuji: ...Oh, no, it's nothing.
Touko: Hey, you can't do that! Now I really want to know.
Shuuji: Please, don't worry about it. It's really nothing.
*She's talking to me normally.*
*Which probably means she meant nothing by that and has already forgotten all about it.*
Touko: Oh, it's something you can't say? Were you having dirty thoughts? And first thing in the morning too. How obscene.
Shuuji: I wasn't having dirty thoughts!
Shuuji: I just wanted to thank you again for Saturday. That dinner you made was great.
Shuuji: My dad loved it too.
Touko: Really? I'm glad you liked it so much. I just made it how I like it since I'm used to only cooking for myself.
Shuuji: Actually, I wanted to ask you about that. Did anyone teach you how to make that dish?
Touko: No. I learned the basics from helping with stuff as a child and home economics class at school... Then I started tweaking it once I started living on my own.
Touko: I spent a lot of my free time experimenting with the seasoning and stuff... Why do you ask?
Shuuji: Well, you see... Apparently, that stew tasted just like the kind my mom used to make.
Touko: Really? Your mom?
Shuuji: I don't remember how it tasted myself, but that's what my dad said.
Touko: Did he? Maybe I have the same tastes as your mom, then. What a weird coincidence.
Shuuji: Yeah, no kidding. I would've liked to have talked to whoever taught you how to make it.
*Just because their food tastes the same doesn't mean there's a connection between Mom and Togakushi-senpai. I shouldn't jump to conclusions.*
Touko: Sorry, but I can't help with that.
Shuuji: No, it's fine. But do you think you could teach me how you made it next time?
Touko: Sure, I don't mind at all.
Shuuji: Thank you very much. I wouldn't mind you teaching me your other favorite dishes too.
Shuuji: I've been wanting to expand my culinary repertoire.
Touko: Yeah, sure thing. You probably don't have much room for experimentation when you're cooking for your dad too every day.
Touko: When should we do it then? I'm free both today and tomorrow.
Shuuji: Oh, there's no need to rush. Just whenever we get the chance is fine.
Touko: Well then, let me know whenever you have a free day.
Shuuji: Yup, will do.
*I'm glad she's so willing to do this for me.*
Touko: Also... should we keep up our love studies?
*Badump!*
Shuuji: Oh, y-yeah, we should...
*My heart skips a beat as Senpai says that with her beautiful smile.*
*I've always thought her smile was cute, but this is the first time it's made my heart race so much.*
Touko: What is it? Is something wrong?
Shuuji: Oh, no. Not at all.
Touko: Hmm...
*Senpai stares at me dubiously.*
Shuuji: U-Umm... What is it? I feel kinda awkward being stared at...
Touko: Oh, nothing. Don't worry. I was just thinking what a nice morning it is.
Shuuji: Ah, yeah, the weather is great today. It's gotten chilly recently, so it's nice to see the sun out.
Touko: That's not what I meant. Mufufu.
Shuuji: ...?
Touko: Well, no matter. Thanks for studying love with me some more. It's a promise.
Shuuji: Y-Yeah.
Touko: Let's kick butt today!
Shuuji: ......
Touko: Come on, Hoshina-kun. Let's kick butt today!
Shuuji: Huh?! Oh, w-woo...
Touko: Ehehe♪
Upperclassman E: Morning, Togakushi-san.
Touko: Morning.
Upperclassman E: You look like you're in a good mood. Something happen?
Touko: Kinda, hehe.
Touko: Oh right. Mind answering a question for me?
Upperclassman E: Y-You mean me?! O-Of course! Ask me anything!
Touko: Do you think I'm attractive?
Upperclassman E: Of course I do! You're so kind and cute! And, um... in a lot of other ways too!
Touko: Mm...
Upperclassman E: ...? Togakushi-san?
Touko: Yeah, that's the kind of response I expect. Totally normal.
Touko: Thanks. That was helpful. Later.
Upperclassman E: Huh? Umm... What was that about?
Tsumugi: Morning, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Morning.
Tsumugi: ...Are you okay? Do you have a fever or something?
Shuuji: What makes you think I would?
Tsumugi: Well, 'cuz of your red face? Do you feel okay?
Shuuji: I-It's red? Um, I don't feel sick...
*Which means... this could be because of Senpai's smile?*
Shuuji: Maybe it's because of the heat?
Tsumugi: Even though it's November? Something's definitely wrong with you. Do you need to go to the infirmary?
Shuuji: No, I feel fine. I'll go there if I start feeling sick in class.
Tsumugi: Don't push yourself too hard. I can take you there if you'd like.
Shuuji: Thanks, but I'm okay for now.
Tsumugi: Oh, right. On another note, there's something I have to report to you.
Shuuji: Huh? What is it?
Tsumugi: Errm...
*Shiiba-san looks around the class.*
*There's not much time before the bell rings, so the room's already full.*
Tsumugi: Here's not the best place...
Shuuji: Is this something other people shouldn't hear?
Tsumugi: Yeah, kinda. It's about the, you know, thing with Higo-san.
Shuuji: The thing with... Ohh! That!
Tsumugi: So, could I have a moment? I just need to tell you something. It won't take that long.
Shuuji: Yeah, sure.
Tsumugi: So, about Higo-san.
Shuuji: It seemed like her heart was wiped clean of anxiety... Was I wrong?
Tsumugi: No, it's not that. I was able to retrieve some fragments, just like you suspected. She looks really happy with how things have turned out.
Shuuji: Yeah? That's great.
Shuuji: So, you were the one who got the fragments this time?
Tsumugi: Yeah. I discussed it with Ayachi-san, and she let me have them.
Shuuji: So then, do you think you'll have many more fragments to collect?
Tsumugi: Yeah... There are some circumstances around it, but it looks like it's going to take a while. *sigh*
*Circumstances, huh?*
*Well, if you're signing a contract to become a witch, you better believe there'll be some strings attached.*
Shuuji: If there's anything I can do to help, just say the word.
Tsumugi: Thanks. I really owe you.
Shuuji: Don't mention it.
Shuuji: Is that all? We should head back to class before the bell rings.
*I'm just glad someone was able to retrieve some fragments from this incident.*
*Partially because Shiiba-san is now that much closer to her wish, but also because it means that Higo-san really is happy.*
Tsumugi: Actually, I was going to say that it seems like you and Togakushi-senpai are getting along well recently.
Shuuji: Huh? D-Does it?
Tsumugi: Am I wrong? I mean, I saw you together this morning.
Shuuji: You did? We just happened to see each other at the school gate... You should've said hello if you were there.
Tsumugi: I wasn't avoiding you. I just noticed you two out the window. So, are you getting along with her?
Shuuji: I mean... yeah, but it's not like she's the only one.
Shuuji: You and I get along well too, don't we?
Tsumugi: Yeah, we do, but... I seem to see you two hanging out a lot together.
Shuuji: Oh... Really?
*Well... We did go on a date. And then she did come to my house to watch a film and cook for me.*
Tsumugi: Have you two... maybe started dating?
Shuuji: No way! Like I could ever get a girlfriend like her.
Tsumugi: That's a little strong... You think she's from a different social class or something?
Shuuji: No, that's not what I mean.
Tsumugi: Then what do you mean? Actually...
Tsumugi: If you think she's too good for you, doesn't that mean that you've given some thought to going out with her?
Shuuji: Huh? Well, I wouldn't say that...
Tsumugi: I'm right, aren't I?
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Oh, there's the bell. Better hurry! Hisashima-sensei gets pissed when people are even a second late.
Tsumugi: She does?! Oh no. We need to hurry!
Kanae: And so, it's not just referring to this underlined section. You also need to pay attention to the start of the paragraph.
Kanae: While reading this section, pay attention to the words "in short" and "the point is." You should be able to arrive at the answer easily. Okay, Kariya. You answer for us.
Wakana: Huh, you want me to do it?
Kanae: The answer should be obvious from my lesson. You were listening, weren't you? Come on, give us all the answer.
Wakana: Errm, yeah, so basically...
Shuuji: ......
*Togakushi-senpai and I, huh?*
*Her smile made my heart skip a beat. I find it fun to talk to her. And I find myself latching on to her every word.*
*Especially that one, ambiguous statement...*
Touko: Because there's a girl right now who's gotten the wrong idea from all of your compliments.
*That was probably just another one of her jokes. I doubt she even thinks anything of it.*
*But I can't give up... I don't want to believe there's no meaning to it. As long as I have a sliver of hope to cling onto...*
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Haaahh...
Kanae: Hey, Hoshina. Is my class so dull that it's putting you to sleep?
Shuuji: I beg your pardon. That was a sigh of admiration! I was just in awe at how useful this lesson is.
Kanae: Oh? Then you can answer the next question.
Kanae: I'm sure you know how to do it, since you seem so moved by my lesson.
Shuuji: Oh, I'm sorry. That last question was so impressive that I'm in a daze and can't think straight. Please ask someone else.
Kanae: Okay, smart ass. Make sure you listen carefully from now on.
Shuuji: Yes, ma'am. I'm very sorry!
Nene: Hoshina-kun, is something wrong? You seemed off during class.
Shuuji: Oh... Yeah. It's a personal thing.
Shuuji: Though, it's nothing big. I shouldn't need any help with this. Don't worry about it.
Nene: Are you sure?
Shuuji: Yeah, it's fine. I'll make sure it won't get in the way of the club.
Nene: You can always take the day off if you need to.
Nene: That's what I did when people kept asking me to join their band. It's okay for anyone in our club to take a break.
Shuuji: ...Yeah, thanks. I'll think about it. I'll take the day off if I need to.
Nene: Yes, please do.
Schoolgirl B: Ayachi-san! Can I have a moment? I have to give a presentation in the next class, so I was hoping you could help me with something.
Nene: Of course. See you later, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Yeah, later.
*Well, she's given me the opportunity... so maybe I should take advantage of it.*
*I'll probably be too distracted if I have to face Senpai in my current state.*
Shuuji: Still, though...
Classmate Guys: *stare*
Shuuji: ......
*I feel the other guys staring daggers into my back.*
*I've gotten a little friendlier with my classmates lately, but their jealous gazes haven't changed.*
*Man, if only my ability worked on Senpai. I'd be able to find out what she's really thinking without a fuss.*
*Avoiding my classmates' glares, I slump down in my desk and continue distracting myself with such thoughts.*
*And now, after a full day worrying, school is out.*
Shuuji: Ayachi-san, can I have a moment?
Nene: What is it?
Shuuji: About club today... Sorry, but do you think I could take a day off after all?
Nene: Yes, of course you can.
Nene: I'll be sure to let everyone know for you.
Shuuji: Thanks, and sorry.
Nene: Don't worry about it. Please just get some rest.
Shuuji: I'll make sure I'm back tomorrow.
Nene: Okay. I'll see you then.
*The sun hasn't even started to set yet.*
*Normally I'd just go directly home.*
*But today, I'm taking a detour and dropping by somewhere different.*
Touko: Oh, Hoshina-kun's taking the day off today? I see...
Tsumugi: *stare*
Touko: Huh? What is it?
Tsumugi: Oh, don't mind me! It's nothing.
Touko: Okay then...
Meguru: What's wrong with him? Is he sick?
Nene: He said he didn't feel sick. I got the impression that he has something weighing on his mind.
Tsumugi: He was acting a bit strange during class too.
Meguru: But Senpai always, always comes to club. It's so weird to see him taking a day off...
Meguru: Actually, it's strange that he joined the OC in the first place. The only reason for that I could think of is because he's going after Nene-senpai.
Touko: R-Really? Hoshina-kun likes Ayachi-san...?
Nene: N-No, that's not true! That's not why he joined the OC at all.
Nene: I think he joined because he felt guilty about me, or maybe out a sense of duty... He joined out of sympathy, at the very least...
Meguru: So you're saying something special happened?
Nene: Ah!
Nene: W-Well... I-I can't say.
Meguru: Really? Now I'm even more curious if it's that big of a secret.
Nene: If I was forced to say it, then... I'd rather jump out of the window. Then I'd shove Hoshina-kun out too so he can't leak anything.
Meguru: You'd go that far?! That's scary! Too scary!
Tsumugi: Ayachi-san, calm down. You're getting carried away.
Nene: S-Sorry... You're right.
Nene: I can't send Hoshina-kun to his death if I jump out first. I have to do things in order, so first I'd―
Tsumugi: That's not the problem here!
Meguru: Fine! I won't ask anymore. Just stop saying this terrifying stuff! Please!
Tsumugi: Meguru-chan, everyone has things they'd rather hide. It's not right to try and force them to tell us!
Nene: That's right! I have my reasons! In my case, it's because... it's far too embarrassing.
Touko: You can't say because it's embarrassing? Well, I won't force you...
Touko: But I am awfully curious... There must be something special between you two.
Nene: There's nothing special going on between us. Hoshina-kun is a good friend. That's all there is to it!
Meguru: Well, if you insist... I bet Hoshina-kun would cry if he heard you denying that so forcefully.
Nene: He doesn't think of me in that way. I'm sure he thinks that I'm a pervert. Ugh...
Touko: I can understand where Inaba-san is coming from. Even I thought he liked you at first.
Nene: It's really not like that. I was the only club member before him, and he helped me out with a lot of things.
Touko: Hoshina-kun said that himself. Actually... I wonder what kind of girls he likes? Is there anyone he's into right now?
Meguru: I dunno. Why do you ask? If it's not Nene-senpai... then I can't think of anyone else.
Nene: I don't know either. But, just between us, I think he might be more attracted to you than me, Togakushi-senpai.
Meguru: Oh yeah, he might be!
Touko: Really? You think so?
*If that's true, then...*
Tsumugi: ...Togakushi-senpai, you look really happy.
Touko: I do? Well, it's kind of flattering to think someone likes me, you know?
*I give an evasive answer, but there's more to it than that.*
*It would make me incredibly happy to know that he has a crush on me.*
*Whenever I think of Hoshina-kun... I just want to see him smile. And I want to do whatever I can to give him that smile.*
*It's a similar feeling from when we went on that date. Only now, it's several times stronger.*
*I think... this might actually be love.*
*I've seen people in love a lot, but this is the first time ever feeling it myself.*
*I hope I can become as happy as the people in my dreams.*
Touko: Alright, let's get to work!
Wakana: Welcome! Oh, it's you, Hoshina. You alone? That's unusual.
Shuuji: Yeah, I guess.
Wakana: Didn't you have club today?
Shuuji: I decided to take the day off.
Wakana: Huh, you're just full of surprises today. Oh, come and take a seat, sir.
Shuuji: Alright. I'm alone, so I'll take a counter seat.
Wakana: Really? Then please, come this way.
*Kariya guides me over to an open spot at the counter.*
Wakana: Have you decided on your order?
Shuuji: I'll take the house blend.
Wakana: Certainly. Boss! One house blend!
Nanao: Coming right up.
Wakana: So, what made you want to skip club and come here alone?
Shuuji: Well...
Shuuji: I just wanted to see you in your cute waitress outfit. It soothes my soul.
Wakana: Would you like an uppercut with that house blend, sir? Or perhaps the slap special?
Shuuji: This cafe has some terrifying drinks on offer.
Wakana: I was certain you'd find those to your taste.
Shuuji: Unfortunately, those aren't my style.
Wakana: I told you before that I have no time for your snark.
Shuuji: I just think you look good in it.
Wakana: Shut up, before I make you. If you want to flatter someone, go find someone else.
Nanao: What's the matter? I think you look good in it too.
Wakana: Now you, Boss?! You know I hate it when people say that to me!
Wakana: I've had enough. I'm going to clean out back. You can handle the rest!
*Kariya storms off, unable to hide her anger.*
*I really do think she looks good in it. It's a shame she's so defensive about it.*
Nanao: Hehe. You're a surprisingly good sweet talker, Hoshina-kun. Who knew were so good at hitting on girls?
Shuuji: I could only say that because I was talking to Kariya.
Shuuji: I would like to be able to say that kind of stuff to anyone someday.
*I wouldn't have anything to worry about if I could be that smooth with a certain someone...*
Nanao: ...Something troubling you?
Shuuji: You can tell?
Nanao: You weren't trying to hide it, were you? You can talk to me if you'd like.
Shuuji: The thing is... It's about my power. It's some kind of magic I inherited from my mom, right?
Nanao: In theory...
*She hands over my coffee.*
*I take a sip, get my thoughts in order and then cut straight to the chase.*
Shuuji: So... are there people that magic doesn't work on?
Nanao: Are you saying there's someone out there whose emotions you can't read?
Shuuji: Yeah.
Nanao: I'm not sure if magic-immune people exist... I won't say it's impossible, but I can't think of any examples.
Nanao: As for your power, even though you inherited it from your mother, you only got a part of it. For better or worse, your power is diluted.
Nanao: If there are conditions attached to the activation of this power, then, in your version, those conditions may be harder to meet.
Nanao: ...Have you ever met anyone like this before?
Shuuji: No. This is the first time.
Nanao: Then it may be worth thinking of this person as special.
Shuuji: Senpai's special...?
Nanao: If it's bothering you, why not bring her here with you?
Shuuji: Oh, actually, I've already brought her here.
Shuuji: She was one of the two girls I came here with to eat parfaits. Remember?
Nanao: Ahh, those girls. Yeah, I remember. The boyish girl, and the gentle girl with the massive boobs.
*"With the massive boobs," she says...*
*I guess they leave an impression on everyone, boy or girl. Actually, the impression might be even larger if you're a girl.*
Shuuji: It's the gentle girl. Did you notice anything about her?
Nanao: Right... I don't think I picked up on anything, no.
Nanao: Although I wasn't paying close attention, so I might have overlooked something.
Nanao: In either case, if she has any kind of magical power, it would likely be very weak. I doubt it would be strong enough to negate your magic, at least.
Nanao: ...I guess I can't give you a definitive answer. I'm sorry.
Shuuji: No, it's fine. It's not your fault.
Nanao: Though, I imagine you don't see this as an entirely bad thing, do you?
Nanao: I was under the impression that you weren't very happy with your power.
Shuuji: You're right. I do feel at ease whenever I'm with Senpai...
Shuuji: It's just that I have trouble understanding her sometimes.
Shuuji: I may have hated my power, but I hate not being able to know how another person is thinking just as much.
Nanao: Using your power comes naturally to you. You probably came to rely on it without even realizing it.
Shuuji: I want to know how Senpai feels... But how am I meant to tell that?
Nanao: ......
Nanao: Well... I don't mean to overstep my place here, but you're wondering how she feels about you? And if you're worried about that with a girl, then...
Shuuji: Oh, no, it's not―
Nanao: Your face is bright red.
Shuuji: ......
Nanao: That reaction tells me all I need to know. I won't pry any further.
*She read me like a book.*
*Even if she's not saying it outright, it's still embarrassing...*
Shuuji: Anyway, that's what I've been worrying about recently.
Nanao: Humans are creatures that grow by overcoming their worries. You should be proud of that.
Shuuji: Should I?
Nanao: Animals don't agonize over their own emotions. Whether they obey them, betray them, or advance them... they never stop and worry like humans do.
Nanao: But that's what makes you fascinating. My kind longs to be like that. That's why we came to be.
Shuuji: I wish I had the courage to act on my own feelings right now.
*I have a serious crush on Senpai...*
*That feeling has welled up inside me to the point where I can no longer deny it.*
*Should I obey this feeling, or betray it? At this rate, it feels like I'll do neither and just keep worrying about it.*
Shuuji: Do you know of any ways for me to read this person's feelings?
Nanao: You mean like to increase your power? Let's see... I don't know for sure, but, for example...
Nanao: You could try touching them. Physical contact might make it easier for you to pick up on her emotions. Try touching her directly, skin against skin.
Shuuji: S-Skin against skin...
Nanao: I don't mean anything weird by that. Maybe just a handshake?
Nanao: Just don't commit any crimes against her or anything.
Shuuji: I'm not some kind of wild beast!
Nanao: That's good, then. Also...
Nanao: If I got to know this girl, then I might be able to think of an idea... You came here for parfaits a while ago, but from the impression I got...
Nanao: I might have thought of one way you could speed things up.
Shuuji: Huh?! What is it?!
Nanao: First, you two need to be alone. And then...
Nanao: You need to pin her down.
Shuuji: That sounds like a crime to me! I'm definitely not doing that!
Nanao: I was only joking. The point is, you need to have a firm resolve so she can understand how you feel. If you want to understand her feelings, she has to understand yours too.
Shuuji: You might have a point, but... even so.
Nanao: There's one thing I want you to remember, Hoshina-kun.
Nanao: People's hearts and emotions aren't always uniform.
Shuuji: Huh... What do you mean by that? Like, I get the literal meaning, but...
Nanao: We call them heart fragments for convenience's sake. But in reality, they're closer to emotion fragments.
Nanao: What you feel with your power is a person's emotions in that specific moment in time. You do not feel their heart.
Shuuji: Their emotions...
Nanao: Until now, you've been able to feel people's emotions directly. That's caused you to be overly sensitive of how people will react.
Nanao: What you're sensing is their emotions in the heat of the moment, not their heart. Even if you like someone, they may do things that give you a bad impression.
Nanao: Even if you harbor negative emotions toward them for that moment, that doesn't mean you'll have stopped liking them, does it?
Shuuji: You're right...
Nanao: Even if you could read your friend's emotions, you wouldn't be able to know what's going on inside her heart.
Nanao: What you need to feel here is her heart, not her emotions. For that, you don't need your power, but the determination to know.
Shuuji: ......
Nanao: Nobody can truly understand a person's heart other than its owner. In fact, at times even they may not understand it.
Nanao: There are many aspects of life you can't understand unless you tackle them head-on.
Shuuji: Even so...
Nanao: As I was saying, I suggested pushing her down as a joke. I was taking this to its extreme.
Nanao: In practice, you can only read how she feels by communicating with her.
Shuuji: But I don't think I can do that... I'm crap at talking to people. That's why I've been so worried.
Nanao: This is just the start. You've only just realized how you feel. Everything starts here.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Well, I guess I just have to grin and bear it. I'll do this on my own, without relying on my power.
Nanao: Yeah, that's the attitude.
*I finish my coffee as our conversation comes to an end.*
Shuuji: Man, you're something else, Souma-san.
*Until now, I've always thought I was reading people's heart. But in reality, I was only reading how they felt in the moment.*
Nanao: This is all just my opinion. I've never experienced anything like this myself.
Shuuji: Still, I think you understand humans far better than I do.
Nanao: Well, I am an alp. I've lived longer than you, and I've been studying humans the whole time. An observant eye is a must when running a cafe.
Shuuji: Umm... Why is it that you wanted to become human, Souma-san?
Nanao: There was no big reason for it. Originally I was a half-stray, half-pet cat. There were people who fed me, and I went to them every day.
Nanao: My owner, for a lack of a better name, called me Souma. They liked coffee, and I saw them brewing it a lot.
Shuuji: So that's why the house blend is so good here.
Nanao: Yeah. This takes me back... They used to suffer a lot under stress. I can still remember it clearly. It was always so strange to see.
Nanao: Human worries, their various emotions, and how their minds and bodies weren't always as one was a mystery to me. But that intrigue was what turned me into the incomplete being you see now.
Shuuji: Am I one of the people you're observing?
Nanao: You're a very interesting specimen. Does that make you angry?
Shuuji: Not really, no. You've given me a lot of good advice.
*I go to take another sip of coffee, but realize my cup is empty.*
Nanao: Shall I get you another cup?
Shuuji: Yeah, why not.
Nanao: It'll be just a moment.
Nanao: So, you and that girl huh... Oh, right. That boyish girl too.
Shuuji: What about her?
Nanao: She's been dropping by here every now and then. Seems she likes the place.
Nanao: And speak of the devil...
Nanao: Welcome.
Koshiji: Hello... Wait, huh? Hoshina-kun?
Shuuji: Oh, Koshiji-san, hey...
Koshiji: Didn't expect to see you here... Actually, you were the one who first showed me this place, so I guess it shouldn't be such a surprise.
Shuuji: Do you come here often?
Koshiji: When I'm in the mood. The coffee is as good as the parfaits.
*Koshiji-san and I end up drinking our coffee together.*
*And I didn't feel like going straight to my house alone, so we head home together too.*
*There's something I want to talk to her about, so this is pretty great timing.*
Shuuji: How's the Student Council going?
Koshiji: Busy. So busy it makes me feel sick. Sometimes I wish I never agreed to run.
Shuuji: You still managed to stop by the cafe before it got too late.
Koshiji: Before, Senpai was there, so I used to stay in the council room working with her. But she's gone now.
Koshiji: I try to be efficient so I can go home early some days.
Shuuji: Sounds like a good plan.
Koshiji: Senpai sometimes comes over... but mainly she's busy with the OC. So, how's your club going?
Shuuji: Same as always. People come for help, and we try to fix their problems.
Koshiji: You still managed to get to the cafe before me, though?
Shuuji: Yeah, I decided to take the day off today.
Koshiji: Oh, I see. So the counselor has something they're worried about, huh?
Koshiji: You can talk to me if you want. You helped me with my problems before... or butted into them, more like.
Shuuji: Oh, well...
Shuuji: Could I ask you a favor?
Koshiji: Huh? Already? I mean, I don't mind, but... is it serious or something?
Shuuji: To me it is, at least. I'd like to ask you about it though.
Koshiji: ...Okay. So, what is it? Whenever you're ready.
Shuuji: ......
*I'm afraid of opening up to Koshiji-san.*
*In some respects, I'm more afraid of this than I am about telling Togakushi-senpai how I feel.*
*But... if I don't say this now, I'm going to feel guilty later.*
*So I...*
Shuuji: Umm, Koshiji-san. There's someone I... l-like.
Koshiji: I'm sorry. My duties as Student Council president have me far too busy and besides I have absolutely no interest in you whatsoever Hoshina-kun I'm truly sorry.
Shuuji: Let me finish first! You're not the one I like.
Koshiji: Huh? Really? Oh, you had me going there. The way you started blushing and stuttering totally made me think it was me.
Koshiji: So then, who do you like?
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: I like... Togakushi-senpai.
Koshiji: ......
*Koshiji-san comes to a halt upon hearing my confession.*
*She remains silent, staring right at me.*
*I'm unable to tell how she feels by watching her eyes.*
*But obviously, I can still tell by using my power.*
*She's angry at me―no, jealous. And also... is that regret?*
Koshiji: Hmm... You like Senpai, do you?
Koshiji: ......
Koshiji: Well, it is what it is. We're talking about Togakushi-senpai here. It'd be weirder if you didn't like her after spending time with her. Who wouldn't, when it comes to her?
Koshiji: So, you want to ask for my blessing or something? Is that what this is about?
Shuuji: I wasn't going to ask you for that. I just don't want there to be a misunderstanding.
Shuuji: I only started to like her recently. I didn't feel that way at all back when you were―
Koshiji: Haha, I wouldn't have thought that. You're way too stupid to think of something that malicious, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Wh-Who're you calling stupid?
Koshiji: What I mean is that you're too simple to lie to people. And the way you just spilled the beans to me? You're way too honest, in a bad way.
Shuuji: That's a bad thing?
Koshiji: Us girls have a lot of problems in this world. There are some bad people in it. I mean, really bad.
Koshiji: But compared to them, Hoshina-kun? You're way too straightforward. You're gonna make a lot of enemies unless you get your act together. Not that I care.
Shuuji: You're not mad? Really?
Koshiji: Geez, I already said that, didn't I? Togakushi-senpai is a very attractive woman. So if you've fallen for her... I can't blame you.
Koshiji: I can't say I'm not frustrated, though.
Shuuji: ......
Koshiji: Oh, but it's not a big deal. You're a guy, so you have a far better chance than I do... It's frustrating, but there's nothing I can do about it.
Koshiji: Also... I still haven't managed to completely give up on Senpai. So I do feel a bit jealous...
Koshiji: Well, maybe not exactly jealous. I don't hate you or anything. Anyway, there's no need for you to worry about me.
Koshiji: I mean, you haven't even told her how you feel yet, have you?
Shuuji: No, I haven't.
Koshiji: Then it's still pretty likely that she'll reject you. This is Togakushi-senpai. The chances of her rejecting you are astronomical. I feel sorry for you, really.
Shuuji: Great...
*Well, it's not like I was confident in the first place.*
Koshiji: Look, I'm sure you already realize this, but just sitting around and hoping someone figures out how you feel is the worst.
Koshiji: If you really do like her, then you better tell her. I may have gotten rejected, but I felt much better afterward.
Shuuji: Well... Yeah, you're right. Talking about this with you has helped me realize what I need to do.
Koshiji: Yeah? That's good. Go tell her how you feel and get shot down already.
Shuuji: Man, you're brutal...
Koshiji: What, are you gonna let a few words get you down?
Koshiji: Oh, I know. When you get rejected, I'll treat you to some karaoke to cheer you up.
Shuuji: ...I'm looking forward to it.
Koshiji: That's a deal, then. I better make sure I'm ready to sing my heart out.
Shuuji: You're really assuming I'll get rejected, huh?
Koshiji: Anyway, you don't have to worry about me or anything.
Shuuji: Thank you, Koshiji-san.
Koshiji: Don't thank me. It's not like I would have gotten in your way.
*Koshiji-san shrugs.*
*I can still feel regret coming from her, but it's thinning out.*
*There are no hard feelings behind those words. She's just giving me a little push.*
Shuuji: You know, you're pretty cool, Koshiji-san. Way cooler than me.
Koshiji: Right? I dunno what Senpai was thinking when she rejected a badass like me. Maybe I should ask her out again, just in case?
Shuuji: You're saying that NOW?!
Koshiji: I might just go and do it if you take too long.
Shuuji: ...Fine.
Koshiji: I'm not gonna wish you luck, either.
Shuuji: I wasn't expecting you to. I just wanted to let you know.
Koshiji: Right... Okay then.
*We walk down the quiet night streets together.*
*We spend a while in complete silence. To a stranger, it might look as though things are awkward between us.*
*But yet, there's a spring in my step that hasn't been there all day.*
Shuuji: Okay, I'm gonna do this... But how?
*I can't just waltz up to her and say that I like her.*
*I want to try and find a moment where it'd be easier for me to say.*
*I should try to do something that appeals to her somehow.*
*...Something that will make her happy.*
Shuuji: Well... She seemed pretty happy when she came to my house.
*...I wonder if just doing normal things in a normal manner is what makes her happiest?*
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Alright. Let's do this.
================================================================================
*And so, with that horrid girlfriendless period of my life coming to an end, a brand new chapter begins.*
*Senpai and I continue making lunch for each other every day, meeting up every lunch hour to swap them.*
Shuuji: Here's your lunch today, Senpai.
Touko: Great, thanks. This one's yours, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Thank you. I'm looking forward to eating it.
Touko: As you should. I feel pretty good about today's lunch!
Shuuji: Well, now I'm getting excited. Thank you very much.
Touko: ...Is that it?
Shuuji: Errm... Senpai?
Touko: I worked really hard making that. Don't I get a reward?
Shuuji: What do you...?
Touko: Mm...
*Senpai shuts her eyes and points her face toward me.*
Shuuji: H-Here?!
Touko: There's no one around.
*She pleads with me in that sweet voice of hers.*
*Not even one week has passed since we started dating, but our passion has been on the steady rise. We kiss once a day at the bare minimum.*
*But more typically, we kiss once as a greeting in the morning, once for dessert at lunch, once after school just because, and once more when we're going out separate ways.*
*We basically kiss every single time we find ourselves alone. I've lost count of the total by now.*
Touko: Come on, hurry up.
*She gets close to me, tracing her finger over my chest, pleading for a kiss.*
*Senpai really loves kissing. I do too, of course.*
*But even so, why here and now...? We normally try to duck behind a corner first.*
Touko: Mmm...
Shuuji: ......
*Ahh... She's so cute. I'm getting giddy just looking at her.*
*I give in to my desires and wrap my arms around her.*
*I can feel her warmth all over as I press my lips against hers.*
Touko: Mm... Mmm... *kiss* *kiss*
*For our umpteenth kiss, I finally feel like I'm getting used to it.*
*We used to be so nervous about the right way to kiss that we just stiffened up the moments our lips touched. But it's not like that anymore.*
*In fact, the more used to kissing we get, the better it feels.*
*I could really get addicted to this.*
Touko: Mm... Mmph... *kiss* *kiss* Mmph, mm, mmmm... *pant* *pant*
*We press up our lips against each other until it becomes hard to breathe.*
*We separate slowly, but my lips cool down fast, despite the presence of her heated breaths.*
*...I think she's the one getting addicted to this.*
Touko: Phew... Hehe, we're getting better at this kissing thing.
Shuuji: Or more like bolder.
Touko: That's just how addicted to kissing I am, mufufu.
Shuuji: ......
Touko: Don't you like kissing me?
Shuuji: Don't be ridiculous! I love it!
Touko: Great! One more, then.
Shuuji: What if someone comes, though?
Touko: Mufu, then we can give them a show.
Shuuji: Please don't joke like that. What will we do if we're kicked out of school?
Touko: They'd never kick us out over a kiss. I'm sure we'd be suspended, at most?
Touko: And if we're suspended... We can smooch all day at home, away from prying eyes. Mufufu♪
Shuuji: I'd be grounded for sure.
Touko: We'd just have to make sure no one finds out.
*Shocking words for a former Student Council president.*
*Senpai's more of a rebel than I thought.*
Touko: So, let's kiss again. Okay?
Shuuji: ......
Touko: Is that a no?
*She pouts and draws a circle on my chest.*
*I know she's half doing this to tease me, but she's too damn cute! I'm a moron! A stupidly honest moron! I love her!*
Shuuji: I want to do it too.
Shuuji: But umm, if we start kissing like we do when we're alone, I just might lose control here.
Touko: That's what I'm waiting for♪
Shuuji: ......
Touko: Mufufu, you've gone bright red, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Fine. I give in.
Touko: Yay! Time for my prize then. One more kiss... Mm...
Shuuji: ......
*I take another look around, just in case, but I don't see anybody. I'm not picking up anyone's emotions with my power either.*
*I accept my fate―or rather, give in to my desires and kiss her again.*
Touko: Mm, mmph... Mm, mm... Haah, ommph...
*This kiss is far more intense.*
*We're not just pressing our lips together, but also playfully nibbling at each other.*
*Senpai enthusiastically matches pace with me.*
Touko: Ahmm, mmahh... H-How's this? Mmmph, mm! *kiss* *kiss*
Shuuji: Mm, mm, mm... Senpai, you're being so rough. Mm! *pant* *kiss*
Touko: I, haammph, mmm, mm, can't stop... Mmm! *kiss* *kiss* *kiss*
*Senpai speaks in fits and starts between pecks of the lips. I grow excited and lose myself at her sweet sweat permeating my soul.*
Touko: Mm, haah, mmm... Kissing so sloppily is really noisy...
Shuuji: We're being so loud someone might hear us. *pant* *kiss* *kiss*
Touko: Mmm... You don't seem too bothered, mm, mmm, with how intense you're being... Mmpah, mmph, you perv... *kiss* *kiss*
Shuuji: Mmm... Mm, mmm...
*Ahh, kissing feels great. I wish I could kiss her forever... but any more than this and things could get ugly.*
*I don't want to stop, but I really gotta!*
Shuuji: Mm, mmmm...
Shuuji: Pwah. Senpai, time out!
Touko: *pant* *pant* Is that it?
*She looks up at me, her eyes glazed over with pleasure.*
*Someone save me from how hot she is... I'm gonna lose my mind trying to control myself at this rate.*
Shuuji: Seriously, any more than this and things are gonna get bad.
Touko: Because we're at school?
Shuuji: Yes, but also, because I'm a man! I mean, seriously...
Shuuji: Please, I can't take any more.
*Our kissing is so passionate I can't restrain my excitement.*
*If we kept at it, I'd probably go wild. And that wouldn't be a good thing, especially since we're at school.*
*Togakushi-senpai seems to realize what's up and reluctantly agrees.*
Touko: Ohh, right. That's what's going on... Mufufu, I love how honest you are.
Shuuji: Please don't tell me that right now. I'll get so happy... I might explode.
Touko: Okay. You're right, getting all sticky would be a problem at school.
Shuuji: Please don't be so explicit, either.
*I mean, she's not wrong...*
*But even so, I wouldn't actually cum from just being touched, would I?*
Touko: Oh well. I'll just feel sorry for you if I keep teasing you. Oh, right. There was something I wanted to talk to you about. Wait, huh?
Shuuji: What is it?
Touko: What was it, again? Um... Erm... I made a promise to you, didn't I, Hoshina-kun? A while ago.
Shuuji: A promise... You mean, about teaching me your cooking?
Touko: Yeah! That's the one! Want to do that today? It's the weekend, so I wouldn't have to worry about staying late.
Touko: So, would you like my homemade dinner on top of lunch today?
Shuuji: That'd be amazing. As long as it's not too much trouble for you!
Touko: Okay, great. Then I'll come over to your place. Thanks.
Shuuji: I'm the one who should be thanking you. Seriously.
Touko: I'm just happy you're letting me cook for you. By the way...
Touko: *peck*!
Shuuji: ...?!
*It was just a simple peck on the lips.*
*But even that can be incredibly stimulating when you're taken by surprise.*
Touko: That's part of my thanks. It's all I can do for now. The rest will have to wait for after school.
*Senpai runs off with a wave of her hand and a bashful smile.*
Shuuji: How is she so cute...
*At this rate I really won't be able to hold myself back.*
*The more we kiss and get used to it, the more passionate we get.*
*The desire within me grows bigger too... I want to take her.*
Hideaki: Oh, you're back.
Wakana: What was it today? Another homemade lunch? Wow, look at you!
Shuuji: Could you please not talk about that so loudly?
Wakana: My bad.
Tsumugi: But they're right, aren't they?
Shuuji: Well, you know.
Hideaki: So, your fling with Senpai hasn't cooled down yet?
Tsumugi: I'm pretty sure it's getting hotter by the day.
Hideaki: Whoa... That serious, huh? I guess you aren't just being toyed with.
Tsumugi: Of course he's not. Togakushi-senpai would never do that to someone.
Wakana: Well, I'm glad you finally got yourself a girlfriend. It's a relief.
Shuuji: What are you, my mom?
Hideaki: Never thought you'd get with a girl like Togakushi-senpai though... That was one hell of a risky bet you won.
Shuuji: Not like I had anything to lose.
*I can probably only act so casually about it now because she agreed to go out with me.*
*It was just my embarrassment holding me back at first. I knew that, if she had turned me down, the worst that would've happened was me feeling bad for a while.*
Wakana: The courage it takes to do that is amazing.
Hideaki: Asking someone out is pretty nerve-wracking.
Tsumugi: H-Have you two asked anyone out before?
Wakana: Oh, no, not me. I just think it's pretty cool how hard Hoshina tried for this.
Hideaki: I have, yeah.
Tsumugi: You have?! Wow, that's incredible! I don't think I'd have the courage to do that...
Hideaki: Well, being in love does crazy things to people. It makes you feel like a superhero.
Tsumugi: R-Really? Fweeeeh... I hope I get to experience that one day too...
*As I listen to their conversation, I noticed something feels odd about my sleeve.*
*Ayachi-san is tugging on it.*
Nene: Could I have a moment?
Shuuji: Oh, sure. Let me just put my lunch away.
Nene: Hoshina-kun. Do you think you could refrain from repeating today's actions?
Shuuji: What actions?
Nene: You and Togakushi-senpai were... kissing... at school.
Shuuji: Huh?! Y-You saw that?
Nene: I just happened to be passing by... I don't think anyone other than me saw.
Shuuji: O-Okay... But you saw it all?
*I thought I checked our surroundings before we started kissing, but I lost track of them once we started going at it.*
*I tried to detect people by their emotions, but I guess I really screwed up.*
Nene: I know that's a rather deserted place, but that's still something you shouldn't do at school. Especially with how your tongues were going round and round...
Shuuji: Y-You saw all that?
Nene: I-I couldn't help it! Anyway, I don't think you should be doing that at school. It'd be a serious problem if a teacher saw you.
Shuuji: ...I know that. It was just a moment of weakness.
Nene: Then pull yourself together and refrain from doing such things in public.
Shuuji: I'm sorry for making you worry about us.
Shuuji: You're right, though. I thought it was just a problem for me and Senpai, but it could end up impacting everyone in the OC.
Nene: It's not that big of a deal for us... I'd just rather not see that out of nowhere.
Shuuji: R-Right... Yeah, it would be difficult to face someone after seeing that.
Nene: Yes, that's part of it, but, um, seeing you going at it so passionately had my heart pounding...
Nene: I-I'm not sure whether I was experiencing a fit or just on the verge of one, but―A-Actually, forget I said that!
Shuuji: S-Sure.
*I see... The two of us kissing turned Ayachi-san on.*
*That reminds me, I did pick up on a sweet scent while we were kissing.*
*Was I not smelling Senpai, but actually picking up on Ayachi-san's horniness? I feel really bad about that, if so...*
Nene: A-Anyway, you can forget my condition when it comes to this matter. But you still need to show some decorum when at school.
*I know I shouldn't beat myself up over this, but it's pretty pathetic that I can't keep a handle on my own lust.*
*I can't have us getting caught by a teacher. We're going to have to restrain ourselves some.*
*Or so I'd like to... but the lust inside me grows day by day, and that's the biggest problem here.*
Nene: You need to draw a line between private and public life.
Shuuji: We'll be careful.
Shuuji: Oh, right, Ayachi-san.
Nene: Yes, what is it?
Shuuji: What's going on with the fragments inside me?
Nene: What do you mean?
Shuuji: I've been really happy since I started going out with Senpai, so I thought maybe the fragments I absorbed could have returned back to you.
Nene: Now that you mention it... Yeah, it wouldn't have been surprising if they had come back.
Shuuji: So then... they haven't?
Nene: I checked this morning, but there wasn't much of a difference...
*So Ayachi-san checked on the fragments, and there's still a whole bunch missing.*
Nene: There really has been a big change in your circumstances. Perhaps we should check in with Nanao?
Shuuji: Oh, no, that won't be necessary.
*Just going out with someone isn't enough, huh?*
*Maybe it'll change if I become able to truly understand people?*
Hideaki: Whew, another one of Togakushi-senpai's lunches, huh? Man, that looks good.
*It's lunchtime. Kaidou is ogling my lunch.*
Shuuji: You're not getting any.
Hideaki: Not even a single bite?
Shuuji: Not even a crumb.
Hideaki: Tch, talk about stingy.
Shuuji: She said she's particularly confident in this one. If it was any other day... I'd at least consider it.
Hideaki: You're just saying that. You'd never actually do it.
Shuuji: I'll have you know that I... probably wouldn't, actually.
Hideaki: I wish I had a girlfriend who made lunch for me every day...
Shuuji: You dated a girl before, right? Didn't she do it for you?
Hideaki: I did... But she was the one ordering me to make lunch.
Shuuji: I-I see...
Hideaki: I was happy to do so, though.
Shuuji: You were?!
Hideaki: I was crazy into her back then. Doesn't being ordered about by your girl make you happy?
Shuuji: I can't say I relate...
*Seeing my girlfriend smile makes me happy, not being ordered around.*
Shuuji: I really can't understand how you think.
Hideaki: Aww, you're making me blush now.
Shuuji: ...Err, sure. Whatever floats your boat?
Hideaki: Still, I'm so jealous that you get Senpai all to yourself.
Shuuji: Yup, and it's about time I dig in―Oh.
Hideaki: What is it?
Shuuji: I forgot to get some tea. Welp, I gotta go and get a drink now.
Hideaki: In that case, I'll head the cafeteria to try and eat my jealousy away.
*I say goodbye to Kaidou and head to the vending machines.*
Koshiji: Ah, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Oh, hey, Koshiji-san.
*I run into Koshiji-san and end up at a loss for words.*
*She may have supported me back then, but it's been kind of hard to face her since I succeeded.*
Koshiji: What's up? Getting a drink?
Shuuji: Oh, yeah. Forgot to get one before I started lunch.
Koshiji: Japanese tea good enough for you?
*Koshiji-san slots money into the vending machine without waiting for my reply.*
*Then she chucks a can of Japanese tea over at me.*
Koshiji: Here, my treat.
Shuuji: Huh?
Koshiji: You're going out with Togakushi-senpai now, right? Think of it like a congratulation gift.
Shuuji: Who told you about that?
Koshiji: She did. About how she's found someone she liked and was going out with them now.
Shuuji: I see.
Shuuji: I should have told you myself. Sorry.
Koshiji: No, it's fine. Anyway, that's the only present I'm giving you.
Koshiji: It might be cheaper than what you treated me to, but that's how things go. Good luck to the two of you.
Shuuji: Ah, thanks. And this is more than enough. I never thought you'd congratulate me, anyway.
Koshiji: Why not? Did you think I'd be angry? I'm over it, already. Really. I'm not going to mope about.
Koshiji: I never expected her to go out with you, but that doesn't mean I resent you.
Koshiji: Though... I would if you made Senpai cry, got that? And just so you know, I can be persistent.
Shuuji: Scary. You don't need to tell me, though. I'd never make her cry.
Koshiji: That's good, then.
*With that, a bit of tension leaves Koshiji-san's face.*
Koshiji: Now then, I should be going.
Shuuji: Me too. Gotta get back and eat. Thanks for the tea.
Koshiji: Oh, right. I was wondering, how far have you gone with Senpai? Have you copped a feel on those big tits, yet?
Shuuji: ......
Koshiji: Huh, you haven't?!
Shuuji: Well, it's not like I'm against her tits or―
Koshiji: Huh? Do you hate giant boobs in general?
Shuuji: They're my favorite.
Koshiji: Then why haven't you done anything yet? I thought you were her boyfriend.
Shuuji: I have been doing things! L-Like kissing...?
Koshiji: Hmm... I see. So you've kissed her...
Koshiji: Does that mean if I kissed you, I'd get to share an indirect kiss with her?
Shuuji: Huh?! No way!
Koshiji: Ahaha! What are you getting so flustered for? I was only joking. There's no way I'd do that, duh.
Shuuji: ......
*Liar! You were being serious! I could feel how much you were thinking about it!*
*Also, who would do that just to share an indirect kiss with someone? Koshiji-san is one terrifying girl!*
*Is she sure she's over it?*
Koshiji: Then, you're not thinking of cheating on Senpai?
Shuuji: Of course not! Any guy would act the same way if someone suddenly said they were gonna kiss them!
Koshiji: Really? I thought men were all over women the moment one even hints that she's interested.
Shuuji: Not all of us! I'm pretty sure tons of us wouldn't betray our girlfriends.
Koshiji: Still, you really have only kissed, haven't you? Your reaction just now made it pretty clear you haven't done anything else.
Shuuji: G-Girls shouldn't be asking questions like that!
Koshiji: You're too innocent. What century are you from? I would've had my way with her by now for sure.
Koshiji: I mean, with a face that cute and tits that big? Those puppies would bounce around so much in your hands. So, so much. Just imagining gets me... *pant* *pant*
Shuuji: ...Are you talking from experience?
Koshiji: No, of course not. You know I still haven't come out to anyone yet.
Shuuji: You sounded pretty confident there, so I wasn't sure.
Koshiji: It's weird how unconfident you are, considering Togakushi-senpai supposedly likes you.
Shuuji: Look, I know for a fact she likes me, okay?
Koshiji: Whoa, take it easy there, tough guy.
Shuuji: It's just... it's my first time going out with someone. I don't know what I'm meant to do or how things are meant to go.
Koshiji: You don't...? Haven't you ever watched porn?
Shuuji: Why is a girl asking me this?!
Koshiji: You're a virgin, so you're worried about not knowing where the vagina is and how you're meant to touch it. That's what you mean, right?
Shuuji: No, that's NOT what I'm worried about!
Shuuji: Asking someone out is easy because all you have to do is say it. But I'm nervous about getting her in the mood and then, well... everything that comes after.
Koshiji: All you gotta do is get her alone. You don't need to say anything. Just go for it.
Koshiji: Besides, there's no manual for this kind of thing. It's all up to the two people in love to communicate and figure it out.
Koshiji: As for the actual sex bit... You can practice with me if you want.
Shuuji: Huh?!
Koshiji: Pfft, ahaha! You get flustered so easily! Of course I wouldn't do that with you. Eww, you cheater.
Koshiji: I'm not gonna let someone betray Senpai, and I don't even like guys to begin with.
Shuuji: I know you're joking, but it's still a shock to hear.
*I could clearly tell she was joking.*
*But does she really expect me to not get flustered from that?*
Koshiji: *sigh* Now I'm worried about Senpai, since she's going out with a gigantic loser like you.
Koshiji: Oh, I've got it! Come with me for a sec.
*Koshiji-san grabs me by the collar and drags me away.*
*I stumble around and nearly fall over because of the height difference.*
Shuuji: Hey, wait! Where are you―Actually just let go of my collar!
*But she doesn't listen, and I'm forced to follow along.*
*When she finally comes to a stop, we're in the middle of the student council room.*
Koshiji: Just wait there for a second.
*So I do as I'm told and wait.*
*...I'm hungry. I wanna go back and eat lunch.*
Koshiji: Sorry for keeping you.
Shuuji: So, what did you drag me here for?
Koshiji: I wanted to give you something. Here, take it.
*Hoshiji-san pushes something into my chest.*
*It's a light brown paper bag. It doesn't seem too full...*
Shuuji: What's this?
Koshiji: As you'll see for yourself, it's reference material. An AV.
Shuuji: By AV, I'm guessing you don't mean "animal videos," huh?
Koshiji: What kind of reference would that be? It's porn, you dolt.
Shuuji: What's something like that doing in the student council room?
Koshiji: Who knows? Maybe a former member forgot it, maybe someone put it there, maybe it's lost property or maybe it was confiscated...
Koshiji: We have a lot of things like this where the owner is either too embarrassed to come and get them or scared of being told off.
Koshiji: I'm using my presidential powers to give it to you, Hoshina-kun. Now you can go and study with it. There was no point in keeping it here, anyway.
Shuuji: Still... I mean, I have things like this already?
Koshiji: But those aren't helping your anxiety, right? So you need to tackle this from a new angle, with a new video.
Shuuji: Errm... I guess?
Koshiji: It's fine. The girl in this one has big ol' titties.
*What exactly is fine here?*
*Honestly, I'm hesitant to accept a porno that belonged to someone else...*
Koshiji: Anyway, take that as a parting gift. Next time, it'll be my turn. Later.
Shuuji: O-Oh, okay.
Shuuji: ......
*Was that her way of telling me not to worry about her?*
*I can't read into a person's emotions that deeply, but I at least didn't sense any hatred. In fact, I felt nothing but kindness.*
*Maybe I should take Koshiji-san up on her offer...*
Shuuji: What kind of a parting gift is a porno though? I just don't get this girl...
*I conceal the bag inside my blazer.*
*I've already been booted out of the Student Council room, and it's not like I can just dump this anywhere.*
*This is the best place to keep it safe. Yup, nothing can go wrong.*
*And so I head back to my classroom and eat my lunch in peace.*
Meguru: Nn, nnnngh! No one's coming today...
Nene: Not every day is active here.
Tsumugi: It's getting kind of late, so maybe we should all head home.
Nene: Good idea.
Meguru: Nene-senpai, Tsumugi-senpai, let's go home together.
Tsumugi: Yeah, sounds good.
Nene: Okay, if you don't mind me parting ways soon after leaving.
Meguru: Of course not. Well then...
Tsumugi: We should tidy up before heading home.
Nene: You two can leave before us if you like.
Shuuji: No, we can't do that.
Touko: He's right. We can't just leave early because we're dating. It wouldn't be right.
Nene: Don't worry about us, please. All we really have to do is make sure everything's locked up.
Tsumugi: You two have plans anyway, don't you?
Shuuji: Wh-Why would you...
Meguru: Well, you've been restless this whole time, Senpai. You've just been spacing out and glancing at the clock over and over again. You're so easy to read.
Nene: Even I could tell.
Shuuji: Gah...
*We haven't had anyone come to us for help today, so I've let my mind wander all over.*
*I've been preoccupied wondering what Senpai is going to make for me today, and how bad it would be if anyone peeped into my bag and saw the porno.*
Tsumugi: And you look like you've been thinking to yourself the whole time too, Togakushi-senpai.
Touko: Ah... You could tell?
Tsumugi: Yes. You were murmuring to yourself too, but I couldn't make it out.
Touko: I didn't mean to... but I guess I did. Sorry about that.
Nene: No, don't worry about it today. Nobody came to ask for our help, or even to have their fortune told.
Meguru: Actually, having the two of you here sometimes makes the rest of us uncomfortable.
Meguru: So please just go on your date or whatever and get out of our hair. That's the only the help we need.
*The three of them seem to be saying this out of kindness rather than malice.*
Shuuji: Well, in that case... I guess we should get out of their way, huh, Senpai?
Touko: Yeah, sounds good to me.
Touko: Sorry, everyone, but we're taking off now.
Nene: Okay, see you later.
Tsumugi: Bye-bye.
Meguru: See ya Monday.
Shuuji: Bye!
*Senpai and I say our goodbyes and leave the classroom.*
Touko: I feel kind of bad about that.
Shuuji: Yeah. But they're just trying to look out for us, so we shouldn't worry about it.
Shuuji: We'll just have to be careful not to let this happen again.
Touko: Yeah, you're right. Let's save the worrying for later and have a wonderful time together tonight.
Shuuji: Y-Yeah?!
*C-Crap...*
*I've been taking everything the wrong way ever since that conversation with Koshiji-san.*
Touko: Is something wrong?
Shuuji: N-No, nothing at all.
Touko: Really? Well, okay then... Oh, right. What should I make today, Hoshina-kun? I've been thinking about it all day, but I haven't come up with anything.
Shuuji: Is that what you were thinking about in the club room?
Touko: Yeah. Is there anything you'd like to eat?
Shuuji: Let's see...
*Last time she made me a traditional Japanese dish... I think today I'm in the mood for something more contemporary.*
*So, if I think along those lines and go for something I don't make much myself...*
Shuuji: How about omelet rice?
Touko: Is that what you want? I'm fine with it, but...
Shuuji: Yeah. I barely ever make it myself.
Touko: Really?
Shuuji: I normally just combine chicken and eggs with rice and put it in a bowl. I'd like to taste your omelet rice.
Touko: I see. Okay then. I'm happy to make that for you. Omelet rice for dinner, it is!
Shuuji: Great, thanks.
Touko: But doesn't saying "I'd like to taste your omelet" sound kinda indecent to you? That's a total double entendre.
Shuuji: No? There's no way that could be!
Touko: Huh, really? Maybe I was overthinking it... Hmm...
*In any case, she really is naive, just bringing up a topic like that.*
*Oh, but maybe it doesn't matter because I'm her boyfriend?*
Shuuji: Well then, I suppose we need to go shopping, Senpai.
Touko: Yeah, we do. Oh, that reminds me. What about your dad?
Shuuji: My dad says he'll be working late today and will eat out, so you don't have to worry about him.
Touko: Okay, okay. Then what we need is...
*Senpai calculates the amount of food we'll need as we head towards the shopping district.*
Touko: We've bought the chicken and the eggs. You have onions and ketchup at home, right?
Shuuji: Yup, and we have some butter left over too.
Touko: Do you prefer your eggs firm or a little runny?
Shuuji: I'm fine with either. Today I just want to eat the kind of food you'd make for yourself.
Touko: Okay, so a little runny it is. Which means... We'll need to buy some fresh cream.
*Shopping for food like this makes it feel like we're already living together.*
*Though, I guess to other people we might look like brother and sister.*
Touko: That's everything, then. Let's head back to your place.
Touko: Dear, oh dear...
*Senpai stands frozen in the kitchen, shocked by the sight before her.*
Shuuji: Oh... Sorry, our kitchen's a mess. I wasn't expecting any visitors, so I figured I'd just clean it up after getting home today.
*I enter the kitchen behind her.*
*Right before us are the frying pans, plates and other utensils I had left unwashed after breakfast.*
*I completely forgot that I'd left the place like this.*
Shuuji: I'll clear this up right away.
Touko: It's fine, I'll do it. This is just part of making dinner. You go and get changed.
Shuuji: But, Senpai―
Touko: There's no point in you standing around here in your uniform. You'll be more comfortable after you've changed and it'll make the food taste even better.
Shuuji: How would my clothes change the taste of the food?
Touko: You have much to learn. The condition a person is in affects how good food tastes, you know? Like, food doesn't taste as good when you're sick, does it?
Shuuji: Well, yeah, but you're sick...
Touko: I'm the one making this and I want it to be perfect. Now, go get changed and I'll clean things up here.
Shuuji: ...Okay, I'm sorry. I'll go and get changed now.
Touko: Great. Go ahead and take your time. And don't worry, I won't peep. Mufufu.
Shuuji: You saying that only makes me more worried.
*Regardless, I head back to my room to get changed.*
Touko: Now then... Oh, I should probably wash our lunch boxes while I'm at it.
Touko: Mine's in my bag. Hoshina-kun's should be... Oh, there's his bag. I'm sure he won't mind if I...
Shuuji: ...Done.
*Now changed into my regular clothes, I make my way back to the living room.*
Shuuji: Sorry to keep you wai...ting?
*An ominous pall hangs over the living room.*
*The cause being none other than Togakushi-senpai.*
Touko: ......
*She's completely motionless, not even turning her eyes in my direction.*
*But even stranger, she's kneeling on the floor, hunched over something. Why...?*
Shuuji: U-Umm... Senpai?
Touko: Hoshina-kun, we need to talk. Please sit right here.
Shuuji: Here?
Touko: ...Please sit with me.
Shuuji: ...Okay.
*I feel like I have no room to refuse.*
*But couldn't we at least move to the sofa? I don't think I can suggest that, sadly.*
*Puzzled, I do as she says.*
Shuuji: So... What's this about?
Touko: There's something I have to apologize to you for.
Shuuji: Huh? Surely, I should be the one apologizing for leaving you here alone in my kitchen. What's there for you to apologize about?
Touko: While I was washing the frying pans earlier, I thought I should also wash our lunch boxes. So I went through your bag without permission. I'm sorry.
Shuuji: Oh, you didn't have to do that... I could have at least washed the lunch boxes.
Shuuji: And I don't think you need to sit me down and apologize for opening my bag...
Shuuji: %130;...Wait, you opened my bag?!
*W-Wait a moment! She opened my bag? The one with Koshiji-san's gift inside it?!*
Touko: That brings us on to the main topic, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: *gulp*
Touko: While I do apologize for going through your bag without permission, this is what I found inside it.
*Senpai takes out the brown paper bag.*
*She then places it between us, with the DVD removed and placed on top.*
*DAMMIIIIT!*
Touko: This is a porn DVD, is it not?
Shuuji: ......
*Wh-What the hell do I do now? I need to come up with some kind of excuse to get out of this...*
*I was asked to look after it.I found it lying around and was going to report it.It's a present for you, Senpai.*
*No, I can't... I'm not good enough to lie and bluff my way through with excuses this feeble. I'll have to give it up and be honest...*
Shuuji: Y-Yes... Yes it is.
Touko: Did you plan on watching it? I assume that's why you have it.
Shuuji: Oh, no... Well, I mean...
*It may be a video of dubious origins that was forced upon me, but the fact of the matter is that I was going to watch it at least once.*
*And Senpai may have treated searching for my porn collection like a game, but after coming face to face with the real deal, she must be disgusted with me.*
*I should just be honest and apologize instead of trying to get out of it with a shitty excuse.*
Shuuji: I'm sorry. I did plan to.
Touko: Alone, after I'd gone home?
Shuuji: ...That's right.
Touko: Hoshina-kun!
Shuuji: Y-Yes ma'am!
Touko: Why would you do that?!
Shuuji: Well, errm, I am a guy, and, as embarrassing as it is... when I'm alone, I do have certain urges that must be dealt with...
Touko: I don't care about you masturbating!
Touko: Why were you going to watch this alone?!
Shuuji: ...Huh? I mean, uh...
Touko: We promised to study together! Why wouldn't you ask me to join you?!
Shuuji: ......
*Togakushi-senpai pounds her fists against the floor like a kid having a tantrum.*
*...I no longer have any idea why she's upset.*
Shuuji: E-Errm, let me get things straight here. Senpai, you're not angry because I have this DVD?
Touko: Huh? Why would I be? It's normal for guys to have, isn't it?
Touko: I don't mind that one bit. It's not like this is one of those disgusting loli ones.
Shuuji: Then... what are you angry about?
Touko: As I said, it's because you were trying to leave me out and watch this alone!
Shuuji: ......
*Somebody... give me a translation.*
Touko: We promised that we would study love together, didn't we?
Shuuji: Huh? R-Right, we did. We sure did promise that.
Touko: But you were planning to watch this naughty video alone, weren't you? Wouldn't getting some extra studying in on your own go against our promise?
Shuuji: Y-Yeah... I guess you could see it like that?
Touko: I'm right, aren't I? You were planning on watching this alone to get in some secret studying.
Touko: Even though you know how much I want to study this subject... That's not fair!
Shuuji: What's not fair?!
Shuuji: I wasn't trying to break our promise here!
Touko: Really?
Shuuji: Really. I mean it.
Touko: *stare*
Shuuji: I'm serious.
Touko: You weren't planning on studying alone?
Shuuji: No. You've misunderstood.
*That wasn't studying I was planning. It was more like my self-care routine.*
Touko: I see. Well in that case...
Touko: Shall we watch this DVD together?
Shuuji: What?! Wh-Why would we do that?!
Touko: If we watch it together, you'll get to watch it, and you won't have to break our promise. It's a win-win situation. The perfect idea!
Shuuji: Why are you smiling so much?!
Touko: Huh? Are you saying we can't?
Shuuji: It's more like... I'm not that into shame-play like that...
Touko: I'm not saying this as a joke, you know?
Shuuji: Yeah? And?
Touko: Well... You know, most manga show up to the kiss, which is also all that movie the other day went up to, right?
Shuuji: Well, yeah.
*Even elementary schoolers―no, even kindergarteners these days know about kissing. Some of them even do it in the games they play.*
Touko: But it's hard to get information on anything past that. Especially as a girl.
Shuuji: Yeah... You have a point, I guess...
*You can just use the internet to research whatever you need.*
*But I guess that takes a lot of courage...*
Touko: You see, all I've managed to learn so far is that a boy takes his genitals and, umm, inserts it into the girl's genitals and ejaculates, which impregnates her.
Touko: But I've never actually seen it. Oh, though I have seen a girl's genitals, since I have them and all.
Shuuji: Umm... You don't have to be quite so descriptive.
Touko: You don't have any experience with this either, do you?
Shuuji: ...N-No, I don't.
Touko: Well, it's at times like this the older girl has to take the lead. This is something I've been worrying about a lot, lately.
Touko: But I've hit a dead end. If you'd just showed me the DVD... In fact, if I'd just been honest with you in the first place, we could have already studied it together.
Touko: So, basically, let's watch this porno together!
Shuuji: Please don't say that while smiling so innocently.
AV: Ah, mm! Ah, ah, ah, ahh! Yes, your cock is amazing! Haa, haa, haa, nnn!
Touko: Ooh... So this is sex... This is something else.
Shuuji: ......
*I ended up giving in to Senpai's request.*
*So now we're sitting side by side, watching another movie together.*
*Only this movie is of an entirely different variety. The male and female actors are butt naked. Skin fills the screen.*
Touko: Hoshina-kun, Hoshina-kun, is this normal? The way she's moaning so loudly?
Shuuji: Huh? Oh, err, I dunno, really? I've only seen videos of it...
Shuuji: I think it depends on the person... They probably exaggerate it a bit for porn.
*The actresses are only acting, after all.*
AV: Ahaaah! Ah, ah, ah, nnnngh! Hyaaah! Yes! Yes! More, more! This feels so good!
Touko: I see... This is acting... Is that face she's making acting too?
Touko: It's rather incredible... Is this what they call an o-face?
Shuuji: %130;Pffffffft!
*D-D-D-Did she seriously just say that?*
Shuuji: No, that's not an o-face.
Touko: It isn't? I don't really know the details, but don't you have to make that face the whole time you're having sex? Isn't that just common courtesy?
Touko: I wonder if it's like this.
Shuuji: Whoa, you don't have to do it! You really don't have to do it!
Touko: Huh, really?
Shuuji: That face is one you're meant to make naturally at, like, a special moment. You don't need to worry about it.
Touko: Really? I don't? Phew, that's a relief. I was worried about getting the face wrong and you hating me for it.
Shuuji: There are way more important things to worry about!
Touko: So, when are you meant to do the double peace signs? The girl here hasn't done that at all yet.
Shuuji: Nobody ever does that, either!
Touko: Then I don't have to do it?
Shuuji: No! You don't!
*I'd be weirded out if you did!*
Touko: The insertion scene is over. Is this the end?
Shuuji: No, I'm pretty sure there's more...
Touko: Ah, you're right. Next is... Whoa, in between the boobs? Is this what they a call boobjob?
Shuuji: I-It is...
*It's been twenty minutes since Senpai and I started watching this porno. The first scene just finished.*
*I thought we'd have a breather, but the second scene gets right down to business.*
*I've been unable to calm down this whole time. My heart is pounding out of my chest.*
Shuuji: (Doesn't this thing have any sort of plot? They've been going at it the whole time.)
*I glance at the title of the DVD to check. "Bukkake! Super Sticky Giant Titties Special Cumpilation."*
*Great, it's a compilation... I'm never going to get a chance to settle down.*
Shuuji: Senpai, aren't you embarrassed to watch this with me?
Touko: Well... Not really, no. This is for a special reason, and I wanted to do it. What about you, Hoshina-kun? Are you embarrassed?
Shuuji: Incredibly! I was against us watching this together from the start!
Touko: Oh yeah. Why don't you want to do this?
Shuuji: Because this is something you're meant to enjoy in private... Like, without other people knowing.
Shuuji: It's really uncomfortable to watch this with someone else. I can't settle down.
Touko: You can't settle down? Oh... Does that mean you're struggling to hold yourself back? Well, don't mind me. Feel free to do as you normally would.
Shuuji: %130;Like hell I can do that!
Shuuji: I'm not into masturbating in front of people. Especially not you, Senpai!
Touko: Really?
*Honestly... I don't think I could maintain an erection while being watched.*
Shuuji: How should I put this... Okay, so, masturbation is a delicate ritual that requires a particular mental state. Doing it in an environment I'm unfamiliar with would interfere with that.
*...I'm actually trying to explain this seriously. What am I, an idiot?*
Touko: Fascinating. I'm learning so much.
Shuuji: ...But you're still planning on watching the video to learn more, aren't you?
Touko: Actually, I only have more questions after watching this.
Shuuji: Such as?
Touko: Do boobjobs feel good?
Shuuji: I-I dunno. I couldn't say. I've never gotten one before...
Touko: But guys really want them, right? So then, Hoshina-kun... do you also want one?
Shuuji: Oh, well... I suppose I'd like to experience one someday.
*Warmth suddenly covers the back of my hand.*
*Senpai places her warm, soft hand over mine and squeezes gently.*
Touko: ......
Shuuji: ......
Touko: Would you like to try it out?
Shuuji: Huh?
Touko: Would you like to try it out... with my boobs?
Shuuji: Senpai?!
*To try... a boobjob?!*
*Is... Is she seducing me here...?*
Shuuji: ......
*I take my eyes off the screen and face Senpai.*
*Her eyes are clouded, her gaze passionate.*
*With flushed cheeks, she gently closes her eyes.*
Touko: Mm...
*Drawn into her lips, I kiss her without a second thought.*
Shuuji: Senpai... Mm...
Touko: Mm... *kiss* *kiss* *kiss* Mmpah, mm, mmmph!
*I don't worry for a second about her disliking it.*
*Her returning the kiss tells me everything I need to know.*
*My ability to sense emotions has always been a pain, and now I couldn't be more glad that it doesn't work on Senpai, because we get to share special moments like this.*
*Ahh... I really am capable of understanding how people feel without my powers.*
*And it's not just one person understanding. It's mutual. Being able to communicate your emotions with someone feels so good...*
*I get lost in how happy it makes me feel as I take pleasure in kissing Senpai.*
Touko: Mmpah, mmm... *kiss* Mm, mmnnnn! Mmahh, mmm... *slurp* Mmpah, ah, mm, mmmph...
Shuuji: Can I take your shirt off, Senpai?
Touko: Ah, okay...
Shuuji: Could you raise your arms up for me?
Touko: Mm...
*First I have to take off this cardigan... I said, I have to take off this cardigan...*
*What?! Her giant breasts are getting in the way?! I can't pull it off! I didn't think this kind of thing could actually happen!*
Shuuji: I'm going to be a bit more forceful.
*I yank the cardigan up toward me and finally get it off.*
Touko: ...Being stripped by someone else is kind of embarrassing.
Shuuji: I'm nervous thinking about what's coming up too.
*I grasp the buttons on her shirt with trembling fingers.*
*I slowly and carefully undo them one by one. And then, when I'm done...*
================================================================================
Shuuji: ...Hey, Dad.
Taichi: Hm? What is it, Son?
Shuuji: What do you know about those who knew Mom?
Taichi: What do you mean?
Shuuji: Like, her friends or acquaintances, I guess.
Taichi: Right...
Taichi: I met them a few times, like at our wedding... To be honest, though, I don't remember too much.
Taichi: And I haven't really talked to them since she died.
Shuuji: I see...
Taichi: Why do you ask?
Shuuji: Just wondering. Oh yeah, does the name Togakushi ring a bell?
Taichi: Togakushi? Togakushi... Togakushi...
Shuuji: It could have been someone you or Mom knew.
*Dad crosses his arms and thinks to himself for a moment before turning back to face me.*
Taichi: Nope, can't say it does. I don't know anyone by that name, and I can't think of anyone your mom knew who was called that.
Taichi: But it's been ten years, so I can't say for sure. I could have met them once and forgot about it.
Shuuji: I see...
Shuuji: Then what about girls about the same age as me? Did Mom know any young girls?
Taichi: Young girls... I don't recall any of those, either.
Taichi: At the very least, your mom was the first of her friends to get married, so they didn't have any kids. Everyone I met through her was an adult.
Shuuji: I see.
Taichi: So, what's this about?
Taichi: Oh, were you hoping I could introduce you to a girl your age? Want me to ask around at work for you?
Shuuji: No, that's not why I'm asking at all.
Shuuji: I don't need you to, anyway. I already have a girlfriend.
Taichi: Bwahaha. Wow, that's a good one!
Shuuji: That's a harsh thing to say to your own son.
Taichi: You must have overslept. You're still not fully awake.
Shuuji: No, listen to me! I really have a girlfriend!
Taichi: I hate to ask this, but are you sure she's not just all in your head?
Shuuji: You're not a psychologist. Could you skip the psychological crap?
Shuuji: I'm perfectly sane, here. My girlfriend does exist. Remember that stew we had for dinner? And how I was making lunches?
Taichi: So the girl who cooked like your mom is your girlfriend?
Taichi: You know... If you had just told me, I could have made sure I got home late.
Shuuji: That's not something my dad should be saying to me!
Shuuji: Though, I guess I might want to ask you to do that sometime... but that's just a maybe, okay?!
*Still... Doesn't look like he knows about Senpai at all.*
*They look similar and their food tastes the same. And on top of that, she sees my mom every day in her dreams.*
*Is that all really just a coincidence?*
*I don't know yet... But if Dad doesn't know, then there's no point in questioning him further.*
Shuuji: Oh, right. What time will you be home today? Early?
Taichi: Huh? You're already asking me to come home late?
Shuuji: I ask you this every day! I need to know what to do for dinner!
Taichi: I'll be back at the usual time. Probably 8pm at the earliest. If something comes up, then I'll get dinner out. That okay?
Shuuji: I'll at least make you something for when you get home.
*...I'm not getting anywhere. Maybe I should go and talk to Souma-san?*
Touko: Morning, Shuu-kun.
Shuuji: Ah, good morning, Senpai.
Touko: "Senpai"?
Shuuji: Oh, err... I mean, T-Touko...san.
Touko: Much better. And it would be even better if you could say that without stuttering.
Shuuji: I'm sorry. I'm not used to saying it yet.
Touko: Oh well. We still have some time. Why don't we take it slowly and get in some studying together?
Shuuji: Studying... together...
*The events of the other day race through my mind.*
*Touko-san's humongous boobies. My dick sandwiched between them. And best of all... Touko-san's hot, wet pussy.*
Touko: Ahh, you've got your mind in the gutter.
Shuuji: Huh?! N-No I don't!
Touko: You liar. You've turned beet red. You were thinking about the other day, weren't you?
Shuuji: W-Well... I mean...
Shuuji: Hey, you've gone red too, Touko...san. Your mind was in the gutter too, wasn't it?
Touko: Yup. Of course it was.
Shuuji: See, I knew―Wait, whaaat?! Y-You admitted it?!
Touko: I mean, it was my first time, you know? It was a once in a lifetime event shared with you... It's too special an event for me to ever forget.
Touko: Of course I remembered it the next time I saw you.
Shuuji: So then, isn't it completely normal for me to remember it too?
Touko: Nope, boys are different. You're probably thinking something weird and plotting the next time already.
Shuuji: Th-That's... not true...
Touko: You're not looking me in the eyes.
Shuuji: Ngh...
*I really wasn't thinking that... I was just remembering how good it felt.*
Touko: But really... Seeing you face to face after what we did is kinda awkward and embarrassing.
Shuuji: Yeah, it really is.
*That was an incredibly happy and satisfying evening, but it's gotten really embarrassing as time passed.*
Touko: But now I know I wasn't just imagining that happiness. It's a relief. That happiness is coming back all over again, hehehe.
*Her smile is so wonderfully cute.*
*I may not be able to sense Senpai's emotions, but I'm still able to tell that smile is the real deal.*
Touko: Shuu-kun.
Shuuji: What is it?
Touko: I just wanted to say your name. Hehehe.
Shuuji: O-Oh, right.
Touko: *stare*
*Touko-san stares directly at me without letting up her smile.*
Shuuji: U-Umm...
Touko: *stare*
Shuuji: T-Touko-san.
Touko: What?
Shuuji: I just wanted to say your name.
Touko: Yup. I know.
*Boy, is calling someone by their given name embarrassing for me... I don't think I've ever done this before.*
*I know I'll need time to get used to it, but I still feel pathetic being unable to say my girlfriend's name smoothly.*
Shuuji: Oh, that reminds me. About your recurring dream...
Touko: Oh, right, that. I was so happy I got sidetracked. I wanted to tell you about that.
Touko: I dreamed about the same thing last night, but it was different this time. I only saw your mom.
Shuuji: I see...
Touko: What do you think this is all about? Could I have met your mom somewhere?
Touko: This would be really weird if I haven't.
Shuuji: That's what I wanted to talk about. Do you think you'll have time to discuss it after club today?
Touko: Yeah, I don't have anything planned. Other than going home and making dinner, I guess.
Shuuji: Great. Do you mind going to that cafe we ate parfaits at?
Touko: Parfaits? Um...
Shuuji: The place you, Koshiji-san, and I went to.
Touko: Oh, yeah... Right. Their parfaits are delicious. Okay, sounds good.
Shuuji: It's a date, then. See you after school.
Touko: I'm looking forward to it. Hehe.
Nene: Good morning, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Morning, Ayachi-san.
*After exchanging greetings with Ayachi-san, I try to walk to my seat when I feel a tug on my sleeve.*
Shuuji: What's up?
Nene: Could I have a moment with you later? It won't take long, so after you've had lunch would be fine.
Shuuji: Sure. Want me to come to the clubroom after eating?
Nene: Yeah, I'd appreciate it. Thanks.
*With that, Ayachi-san goes back to her seat.*
*What was she being so formal for? It felt kinda serious.*
*But I didn't sense any bitterness and she said it could wait until after lunch, so I doubt it's anything too bad.*
Shuuji: I wonder what's up?
*Morning classes go by with me being too distracted by the thing with Ayachi-san to pay attention to the teachers.*
*That didn't stop me from enjoying the lunch Touko-san made for me, however.*
*So with lunch now over, I head over to the clubroom.*
Shuuji: Ayachi-san, are you here?
Shuuji: Ah, there you are. Great.
Nene: Sorry for calling you out here.
Shuuji: It's fine. This must be something serious, right? I assume it has something to do with magic?
Nene: Correct. Could you take a look at this for me?
*She takes out the small bottle that contains her heart fragments.*
Shuuji: Has something changed with the fragments?
Nene: Yes. After you mentioned it to me, I started checking on them. It's been very gradual, but the fragments inside the bottle have been increasing.
Nene: This is despite me not retrieving any fragments myself.
Shuuji: Which means...
Nene: I think the hole in your heart is closing up and returning the fragments to my bottle.
Shuuji: Really?! That's great!
*But for some reason, Ayachi-san's expression doesn't seem too cheerful.*
Shuuji: Huh? What's the problem? Isn't it good that the fragments are returning?
Nene: Yes. That part is good... What's bothering me is the quantity.
Shuuji: What do you mean?
Nene: I think the fragments have been returning ever since you started dating Togakushi-senpai.
Shuuji: Yeah, I'm sure. I mean, I can't think of another reason.
Nene: To be honest, the quantity is too small, given the circumstances.
Nene: I'm positive they're returning, but the rate is so slow that I didn't even notice at first.
Shuuji: I see...
*I'm this happy, but barely any fragments are returning?*
Shuuji: I guess a hole in someone's heart can't be closed up so easily... *sigh*
Nene: That's what's been bothering me.
Nene: From what I can tell, the two of you look incredibly happy. Yet so few fragments are returning... To be completely frank, it's strange.
Shuuji: Which means... there's still a problem?
Nene: That's what I've been wondering.
Nene: Is there anything you're regretting at present? For instance... Have you cheated on Senpai, or betrayed her in some way that's making you feel guilty?
Shuuji: I haven't. And I'd prefer if you don't accuse me of such things.
Nene: Of course. I didn't think you were that kind of person... But if that's not it, what could it be? There must be some kind of reason, but...
Shuuji: Yeah but, I don't feel guilty about... Ah!
Nene: Have you thought of something?
Shuuji: The truth is... I haven't told her about my ability yet.
Shuuji: I just haven't had a good opportunity to bring it up.
*Touko-san's revealed everything about herself, but I'm still hiding something.*
*That's why my chest tightened up when I saw how happy she was after our first time.*
Nene: You feel guilty because you're the only one keeping secrets...? That seems like a plausible explanation.
Nene: The hole in your heart was caused by your ability in the first place. It's possible that the hole can't be filled in while you still feel burdened by it.
Shuuji: I-I see... Makes sense.
Nene: Also, don't take this personally, but I've helped a lot of people with their romantic problems, and...
Nene: If you leave that burden alone, I think it will eventually cause problems between you and Togakushi-senpai.
Shuuji: Yeah, you're right. I feel the same way.
*If I keep this hidden for too long, then Touko-san might feel like I've betrayed her.*
*She might lose all trust in me if that happens, and it'll be difficult to earn it back.*
Nene: You two have been incredibly happy lately. I can tell just by looking.
Nene: I really hope your happiness continues. But you can't keep going on like this if you want that to happen... Sorry, I've said too much.
Shuuji: No, thank you. I understand what you're saying.
Nene: There's nothing I can really do here. It's all up to you, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: I'll think it over. I really do care about Touko-san.
Nene: Yes, I think that'd be for the best.
*There's also the thing with Touko-san's dreams I need to look into.*
*Trying to find the right time to open up to her will be tough.*
*Still though, I have to take this seriously.*
Touko: It's been a while since I've come here.
Shuuji: Have you decided on the kind of parfait you want?
Touko: I thought about all the options, but I think I'll go for the strawberry parfait.
Shuuji: The same as last time?
Touko: Uh... is that strange?
Shuuji: Not at all. I was just wondering if it was really that good.
Touko: ...Yeah, I love strawberries. I can't wait~
*Senpai and I enter the cafe full of anticipation.*
Nanao: Welcome.
Touko: Good evening.
Shuuji: Good evening, Souma-san.
Nanao: Oh, if it isn't Hoshina-kun. And you've got a girl with you... You came here before, right? There were three of you enjoying our parfaits.
Touko: You remember? I'm honored.
Nanao: It's good to remember your customers in this business.
Nanao: Though, I suppose you could attribute that to my lack of customers.
Touko: You lack customers? I'm sad to hear that. The food here is so good.
Nanao: I'm glad you think so.
Nanao: Is this the girl you said you were going out with? She's a cute one. Take good care of her.
Shuuji: Don't worry, I plan to. By the way, is Kariya not here today?
Nanao: Nope. She's got the day off.
Touko: Did you need her for something?
Shuuji: No, not at all. I'm just glad she's not here to tease us for coming here together.
*And there are no other customers. This is the perfect chance to talk to Senpai about her dream.*
Shuuji: Can we take the table over there?
Nanao: Sure. Sit wherever you like.
Touko: Thanks.
Nanao: One strawberry parfait. Sorry for the wait.
Touko: It's here! Thank you so much.
Nanao: And here's your house blend.
Shuuji: Thanks.
Nanao: ......
*Souma-san brings our orders over to our table.*
*Normally she would have gone back to the counter straight away, but this time she remains a moment, staring for a good while at Touko-san.*
*And then...*
Touko: ...? Umm, is something wrong?
Nanao: No, sorry. It's nothing.
Nanao: Please enjoy yourselves.
Touko: ...What was that about?
*Touko-san's curiosity doesn't last long in the face of the parfait before it.*
*She covers it in cream and then delightfully digs in.*
Touko: Ah! This is great! It's amazing! Are you sure you don't want one too, Hoshina-kun?
Touko: You can have a bite of mine if you want. Here, say aah.
Shuuji: No, I'm fine with just coffee.
Touko: Really? You're missing out. It tastes so good... Wait, maybe you've already eaten everything on this cafe's menu?
Shuuji: No, of course not. We're here for something more important today, though.
Touko: Oh... What was that, again?
Shuuji: You know, your dreams. I told you I wanted to ask about the details, didn't I?
Touko: Ah, yes. That's right. But... what exactly do you mean?
Shuuji: Could you tell me what defining features the woman in your dream has? And if there's any sort of hint as to how you could be related?
Touko: Hmm, okay... Defining features...
Touko: Well, I can only see her. I've never heard her speak or anything. So as for hints... Hmm...
Shuuji: Like her name, for instance? Or if you can't remember anything about her, what about her surroundings in the dream? Anything you can think of.
Touko: Right... Well, it is a dream. I forget most of the details by the time I wake up.
Touko: Hang on, let me try and remember. Hmm...
Touko: I have that annoying feeling where you're right on the verge of remembering, but can't quite get there...
Shuuji: There's no rush.
*Touko-san tilts her head to the side as she eats her parfait, replenishing her sugar stores.*
Touko: Her boyfriend calls out to her when they go on a date together. He says... Ah! Hinata-san! He calls her Hinata-san!
Shuuji: Her name is Hinata-san?
Touko: And the name of the man is... Sheesh, it's right on the tip of my tongue, but... I just can't remember... Sorry.
Shuuji: Don't worry, just telling me the name of the woman is enough.
Touko: What was the name of your mom, Shuu-kun?
Shuuji: Hoshina Yui.
Touko: Yui-san, huh? So it's a different person after all. It's just a coincidence they look the same...
Touko: Well, we are talking about my dreams here, not reality... Like, that should have been obvious in the first place, ahaha.
Touko: It's just that given we're in a relationship, it made me think that maybe it was your mom in my dreams.
*Come to think of it, she did say before that she felt like she'd met the person before, and that she felt relieved around her.*
*Could my mom's impression have been imprinted on her at some point?*
*If so, then it could be that Touko-san and I started dating because the two are similar.*
Shuuji: It's too bad, really. I was thinking that if it was my mom, then maybe I could hear what she had to say.
Touko: What do you mean?
Shuuji: She died when I was too young to remember her. All I have to go off of are photos and what my dad tells me.
Shuuji: Wait, this makes me sound like I'm obsessing over her. Sorry for being weird.
Touko: I don't think you're being weird. I mean, I understand how you feel too.
Touko: Even if isn't something you normally obsess over, it's normal to want to learn more if given the chance.
*Maybe Touko-san is so interested in her dream because it's connected to her own past?*
*She dreams of the same people every night, and she's an orphan, so she doesn't know her parents. Maybe that's why she's obsessed with her dreams?*
Shuuji: ......
*...Not that I can just ask her about that straight-up.*
*It's a delicate subject, so I need to be careful.*
Shuuji: Touko-san.
Touko: Yeah, what is it?
Shuuji: Could you tell me more about your dream, if that's okay?
Touko: Huh? But... didn't we decide she's a different person?
Shuuji: Yes, but I still want to know more. Like, who is this woman you admire so much, and what do you think of them?
Touko: It's kind of embarrassing when you put it that way, but... Okay...
Touko: The impression I get is that... she's quite emotional?
Touko: She gets angry or sad about the smallest things. Almost like a child.
Shuuji: Really...?
Touko: But when she's with her boyfriend, she tries her hardest to hide her childish side. It's really cute.
Shuuji: Is that so?
*That's different from what my dad always tells me about my mom.*
*The impression I have is that she was mature and gentle, always smiling kindly.*
*In fact, I always thought my mom was more like Touko-san.*
*...Huh? Wait a minute. Have I been searching for my mom subconsciously or something?*
*Whoa... I really am obsessive over my mom. This is some Freudian shit.*
Touko: Shuu-kun? Is something wrong?
Shuuji: Oh, no. She's completely different to you, in that regard.
Touko: Yeah. But she had something I didn't, so I wanted to be like her.
Shuuji: So that's why you were so interested in love.
Touko: Yeah, that's why. But... Now that I've fallen in love and have a boyfriend... I guess I've caught up with her a bit?
Shuuji: You have. The way you smile has become unbelievably attractive. It's a constant struggle for me to not be captivated by it.
Touko: Hehehe, thank you.
Shuuji: Thanks for spending so much time with me today.
Shuuji: And sorry it took longer than I thought.
Touko: Nah, don't worry about it. I had a lot of fun.
Touko: Oh, you don't have to see me back any further than this. I can't have you seeing me all the way home. I'll be lonely, but I'll be okay.
Shuuji: I wish I could take you all the way back, but...
*I still have to make dinner tonight.*
Touko: Mm...
*Touko-san glances around us.*
*I do the same and notice that we're surrounded by adults and students going home.*
Touko: *sigh* There are too many people around. We can't kiss each other goodbye.
Shuuji: Yeah, that'd be too embarrassing.
Touko: *sigh* It's too bad. I didn't even get to kiss you at school. I'll start suffering from withdrawal at this rate.
Shuuji: Sorry... but I feel the same. I wish we could make out here, but, well, we can't.
*We can't make out in school because we'd be in deep shit if the teachers caught us.*
*And it would affect Ayachi-san too, which I don't want.*
*But on the other hand, kissing in such a crowded place would be far too embarrassing.*
*It'd be gross knowing that everyone was watching and judging us.*
Shuuji: So, next time. Let's set a day where we can make out as much as we want. You'll just have to hold out until then.
Touko: Getting me pent-up on purpose, are you? Okay then, I'll get as pent-up as I can!
Shuuji: Don't say that so loudly!
Touko: But that's what you mean, right?
Shuuji: I mean, in a way, yeah...
*But I'm not exactly trying to get her pent-up on purpose.*
Touko: You're such a sex maniac. Sheesh.
Shuuji: You seem more than willing to play along. Just look at that smile on your face.
Touko: Mufufu. You're not supposed to say that. When a lady doesn't deny something, that's a sign that they're on board.
Shuuji: Is that how it works? I wish you'd just come out and say it. That way I wouldn't get the wrong idea.
Touko: Saying such things outright would not be very becoming of a lady.
Shuuji: Yeah, I suppose not.
*Traditionally, ladies are meant to have a modest side to them.*
*Though, in that sense, I don't think you could call Touko-san a traditional refined lady, considering all the dirty jokes she makes.*
*But that's what I love about her.*
Touko: Okay then, let's set a date for it later.
Shuuji: Yeah, I'm looking forward to it.
Touko: Oh! This would be a good chance for me to buy a diary, don't you think?
Shuuji: I guess, but do you usually keep a diary?
Touko: Nah, I've never done so before. I just want to record the memories we're going to make together so I never forget them.
Touko: They'll sell them at stationery shops, right?
Shuuji: I think so. But you could just get an app for your phone, couldn't you?
Touko: That's boring. And besides, writing the day's events out by hand will make them stick with me more.
Shuuji: So you're making a diary... for the two of us...
Touko: Yup. So, do you think you could wait here for a moment?
Shuuji: No, I'll come with you.
Touko: Really? Okay then. The stationery shop is...
Shuuji: I think it's the other way. Aren't there bigger stores around your local station, though?
Touko: Mm... Looking around is a bother. It's better to do things like this the moment you think of them.
Shuuji: Okay then. I'll lead the way.
Touko: Great!
Touko: Alrighty. Now we have to make out every day so I can record it all in my diary.
Shuuji: I dunno how to feel about making out just to record it in a diary.
Touko: Stop fretting about the minor details. We're definitely doing it next time, either way.
Shuuji: Yeah, I know. See you tomorrow, then.
Touko: Yeah. See you tomorrow.
*Touko-san gives me a light wave and then heads into the station.*
*I should go home too.*
*Just when I think that, Touko-san comes to a stop and looks back at me.*
Touko: Oh, right. I finally remembered the name of the man in my dreams.
Shuuji: That's sudden.
Touko: A scene just like this played out in my dream the other day, which reminded me.
*Well, the woman had a different name to my mom, so it's not like―*
Touko: I'm sure she called him Taichi-san.
Shuuji: ―Huh? "Taichi"? Are you sure?
Touko: Yeah, Taichi-san.
*Taichi...? That's my dad's name.*
Taichi: I'm home.
Shuuji: Welcome back.
Taichi: *sigh* Man, work was hard today~ What's for dinner?
Shuuji: Twice-cooked pork and noodles.
Taichi: Chinese, huh? Haven't had that in a while. I'm excited!
Shuuji: Before that, there's something I wanted to ask you.
Taichi: Oh? This is sudden.
Shuuji: It's about Mom's friends.
Taichi: That again? Look, I haven't remembered anything new.
Shuuji: That's fine. I just wanted to know if you knew the name Hinata.
Taichi: Hinata?
Shuuji: It's fine if you don't. Just let me know if you can remember anything.
Taichi: Is that a surname or a first name?
Shuuji: Huh?
*Oh, right... I've been under the impression that it's a first name, but it could just as easily be a surname.*
Taichi: I don't know anyone with that first name, but for surnames―
Shuuji: You know someone?!
Taichi: Wh-What're you getting so excited for? Don't rush me. I'm not hiding this.
Taichi: Hinata was your mom's maiden name. Hinata Yui. That's what she was called before we were married.
Shuuji: What...
*So, Touko-san has been dreaming about my mother and father dating...?*
Touko: ......
Touko: I've been acting strange lately. Is that just because the happiness is getting to me?
Touko: Perhaps... this was the feeling I desired all along... Hehehe.
Touko: I should write about it so I don't forget this feeling... No, so I don't forget any of this.
*I open my newly bought diary and begin writing about my memories, my happiness, and everything else.*
================================================================================
*I finished my morning chores far earlier than normal.*
*I even left the house earlier than Dad today.*
*And I'm walking faster than normal.*
Shuuji: Seriously...
*What the hell is going on?*
*It now seems highly probable that the woman in Touko-san's dreams is my mom. But I need to be sure.*
*I still think it's far too strange, but that's why I need to get to the bottom of this.*
*What puzzles me most of all is how she's able to see her in her dreams...*
*If my mom was called Hinata in them, then that was from before she was married.*
*Touko-san is one year older than me.*
*And my parents were married before they had me. Even if they had a shotgun wedding, she would have been at most one year old. That's before her brain would have been fully formed.*
*Is it normal to have memories from that age? Memories so clear that you can see them in your dreams?*
Shuuji: There's no possible way.
*If Touko-san was four or five years older than me, then maybe.*
Shuuji: This is so weird... It probably has something to do with an event that happened before I was born.
*These uncertainties swirl around in my head, preventing me from calming down.*
*My quick pace takes me to the front of the Schwarze Katze.*
*I disregard the "closed" sign in the window and knock on the door. It opens surprisingly quickly.*
*Ayachi-san and I came here at this time of day before, so I was hopeful this would work. Looks like I was right.*
Nanao: Welcome.
Shuuji: Sorry for coming here so early.
Nanao: That's not a problem. I have to get ready to open the store anyway.
Nanao: More importantly, you must have something you need to talk about... Maybe about the girl you brought here yesterday.
Shuuji: Yes... Did you notice anything?
Nanao: Well...
Nanao: I presume this is rather serious if you're visiting so early?
Shuuji: Yeah... Apparently, Touko-san has been having these dreams. Dreams about a certain woman.
*I feel bad for not consulting Touko-san first, but I tell Souma-san everything.*
*About the girl in Touko-san's dreams, and about how it seems likely that she's my mom. And also how that doesn't make sense, given the timescale.*
*Souma-san listens to everything I have to say, carefully thinking over my every word.*
Nanao: Hmm, I see. Your mother might be in her dreams... but the time scale doesn't match up...
Shuuji: It's strange enough that I would never normally believe it. But the past month or two has already been rather strange for me, anyway.
Shuuji: So I started thinking, maybe Touko-san has some kind of connection to magic too? Perhaps... she's actually a witch?
Nanao: No, she isn't. The presence of magic I feel from her is too weak for her to be a witch.
Nanao: To be honest, it's even weaker than the presence I feel from you. There isn't enough magic present in her to grant her any kind of special power.
Shuuji: Ah! Then maybe she's like me, and her mom was a witch, and she inherited some of the power?
Nanao: Inherited it... No, the presence I feel is very different from yours.
Nanao: Do you know anything about her parents?
Shuuji: No. Touko-san was an orphan. She told me she was raised in an orphanage.
Nanao: She doesn't have parents?
Shuuji: It seems not. She said she tried researching them once but wasn't able to find anything about them.
Nanao: Something unknown to me... No, wait. Could it be...
*I gulp as Souma-san raises her head.*
Nanao: The feeling I get from her is much closer to my kind than that of a witch.
Shuuji: Huh? Closer to you? Wait, then...
Nanao: The presence I feel from her is that of an alp's.
Shuuji: Touko-san's an... alp?
Nanao: That girl sees dreams about your mother.
Nanao: So then, isn't it possible for her to be the alp that signed your mother's contract?
Shuuji: Touko-san, and my mom...?
*Wait, hold on. I already knew that my mom was a witch.*
*But Touko-san... an alp? That would mean she's not human. Just an animal assuming the form of one, like Souma-san?*
Shuuji: U-Umm! Does that mean―
*Startled, I approach Souma-san, who raises a hand to hold me back.*
Nanao: Don't act rashly now. There's a lot to think about. It's best you calm down first.
Nanao: Though, I'm the one who needs to calm down. I only just arrived at that conclusion myself. I need some time to collect my thoughts.
Shuuji: R-Right...
Shuuji: Yeah... Yeah, you're right.
Nanao: I'll make you a drink. Is the usual house blend okay?
Shuuji: Yes, please. Thanks.
Nanao: It'll be ready in a moment.
Nanao: Here's your coffee.
Shuuji: Thank you.
*I take a sip from the cup, but I can't taste it at all.*
*The warm coffee is of no help in calming me down.*
Nanao: Sorry for the wait.
Shuuji: It's fine. Does this mean you're ready to continue?
Nanao: Yes.
Nanao: I've thought it through again, but my conclusion is no different. She's an alp. That's the only thing that makes sense.
Shuuji: So, you mean Touko-san is an animal who is assuming the form of a human?
Nanao: Yes, but... the presence I feel from her is too weak. And it's strange I wasn't able to recognize one of my own kind at first.
Nanao: She's hiding something.
Nanao: This is just a baseless theory of mine, but... it's possible that she's a "former" alp.
Shuuji: What do you mean by that?
Nanao: I told you before, didn't I? We're not just interested in humans―we want to become them. So much so that we use magic to look like them. That's our goal.
Shuuji: Which means that Senpai achieved her goal and became human...?
Nanao: Yes. She isn't an orphan because her parents abandoned her. She's an orphan because she had no human parents to begin with.
Shuuji: H-Hold on a second. She told me she has an inheritance! That's what she's been living off of all this time!
Nanao: Well... That was probably set up by the person in question.
Shuuji: You mean by Touko-san?
Nanao: Before she was human, back when she was an alp.
Nanao: It's likely that she stored up some magic, then decided to live as a human when she became able to understand them enough.
Nanao: When an alp decides to do that, they must throw away all of their powers and memories and start life anew as a human child.
Nanao: The dreams she's seeing are memories from when she was an alp. That's why the time scale doesn't add up.
Shuuji: Wouldn't that mean she hasn't thrown away her memories?
Nanao: The alp must intend to do so, but oftentimes memories cannot be entirely cast aside and will manifest subconsciously in dreams.
Nanao: It must be a very important memory to her. Has she said anything about the dreams?
Shuuji: That she wanted to be like the woman in her dreams. And that she wanted to be as happy as her.
Nanao: Hmm... Perhaps your mother was the one who inspired her to live as a human.
Nanao: That yearning for happiness must have been present when she was an alp. A desire strong enough to make her want to become fully human won't just disappear from her memory.
Nanao: That's all that I've deduced.
Shuuji: ......
*Touko-san is an alp... and the one who signed the contract with my mom.*
*She wanted to become human so badly that she used up all her magic to do so...*
Shuuji: Then, is the reason my magic doesn't work on her because she's an alp?
Nanao: No, it isn't. Even us alps can't normally resist the effects of magic.
Nanao: It was most likely part of your mother's contract. She was granted magic that let her read the minds of everyone but her alp. That condition must have been passed down as well.
Nanao: Makes sense, don't you think? Of course, it doesn't line up perfectly, but that's all I can think of right now.
Shuuji: If that's the reason, then she must have had a good reason to not want her mind read, right?
Shuuji: Why would that be?
Nanao: Sorry, but there's no way for me to answer that.
Shuuji: Yeah... You're right, sorry. That came off a little harsh.
Nanao: It's okay. I'm the one who should've noticed in the first place.
Nanao: In any case, she's no longer an alp. She's been fully reborn as a human.
Nanao: It might be strange that she can see some of her memories in her dreams, but she's just a normal human without any special powers now.
Shuuji: That's not exactly normal, I'd say.
*I imagine Souma-san thinks that too.*
*We share a brief smile together before continuing.*
Shuuji: Thanks for all you've done for me.
*I was concerned at first, but there's no real reason for me to be.*
*She is for all intents and purposes a normal human.*
*And it's not like I'm the most normal person around either, with my power and all.*
*I'm starting to feel better about this now that I think about it some more.*
*I like Touko-san, and I'm not about to let this get in the way of our relationship.*
*Even if she was still an alp, that wouldn't have changed jack about how I feel.*
Shuuji: I'm fine now. I was just a little surprised.
*...Yeah. Now that I've thought things through, I feel totally fine with this.*
*This conversation was exactly what I needed.*
Shuuji: I mean it. This is a huge relief. I can't believe I was so worried.
Shuuji: It'd be a lot worse if she was actually like a ghost haunting me or something.
*Souma-san's expression softens upon hearing my relief.*
Nanao: I see... That's good, then.
Shuuji: Yeah. I feel way better now. Thanks a lot.
Nanao: You don't have to thank me. This is all just a theory. I have no proof. You can't even ask the girl in question since she wouldn't be able to answer.
Nanao: I'm the one who's sorry. I wasn't able to give you anything concrete.
Shuuji: No, you've helped me sort out my own feelings.
Shuuji: I really do love that girl.
Nanao: ...I see.
Nanao: That's something you should be telling her, I think.
Shuuji: Yeah, absolutely.
Nanao: Sorry, this conversation took longer than I expected. Your coffee must be cold by now. Want me to make you another?
Shuuji: Huh? Oh, no, thanks for the offer though. I'm gonna be late if I don't―
Shuuji: Oh, shit! I only have two minutes! I'm definitely gonna be late! Sorry, gotta dash!
Nanao: Hah, sure thing.
Shuuji: I'm really sorry for just barging in on you this morning!
Nanao: It's fine. You're welcome back any time. Don't be a stranger.
Shuuji: Thanks!
*I gulp down my cold coffee and leave my money on the table.*
Shuuji: Gotta go!
*I fly out of the store and sprint all the way to school.*
*There's no way in hell I'll get there in two minutes, but this has been worth whatever trouble I get in.*
*Today, Touko-san and I swapped lunches just as usual.*
*We ate them together in the clubroom. The one she made was especially delicious.*
Shuuji: Thanks for the lunch.
Touko: You're welcome, and thank you too. It was great.
Shuuji: Yours was even better. Especially the eggs.
Touko: I tried making them a little on the sweet side today. I'm glad you liked them. I'll keep making them sweet from now on.
Shuuji: That'd be great! Thanks.
Touko: I'll have to write this down too.
*Touko-san takes out a book and starts writing.*
Shuuji: Oh, you have it on you?
Touko: Oh, you know about this?
Shuuji: Yeah, duh. I was there with you yesterday.
*Touko-san's holding the diary we brought together.*
Shuuji: You're carrying it around with you?
Touko: Yeah. I'd forget what I want to write about if I left it at home. So why not keep it with me until writing in it becomes a habit?
Shuuji: Yeah, it's hard to keep up with things you're not used to.
Touko: Oh, speaking of things we're not used to... Shuu-kun, you're really not used to making lunch, are you?
Shuuji: Huh? No, I'm not. It was a pain making them just for myself.
Shuuji: Wait, does it taste bad?!
Touko: Not at all. I loved it. Thank you.
Shuuji: No, thank you for your amazing lunches.
Touko: Don't mention it!
Touko: The taste wasn't the issue... I brought it up because you were late today, right?
Shuuji: Oh, well... A bit.
Touko: So I thought maybe you were late because you're not used to making lunches and it took you too long...
Shuuji: Not at all. Lunch wasn't why I was late.
Touko: Then... why were you? Were you feeling a little sick?
Shuuji: No, I felt fine... I just overslept.
Touko: Oho~ You were doing something dirty late at night, weren't you? Oh my! You naughty boy.
Shuuji: H-Haha...
Touko: Oh? You're not denying it? H-Huh? Does that mean I hit the bullseye?
Touko: Sorry, I only meant that as a joke.
Shuuji: No, it's okay. It's just a bit of an awkward subject.
*I really want to deny it! But if I do, she'll ask me why I was actually late.*
*I spent this morning in the cafe, talking to Souma-san.*
*It was there I found out that Touko-san's probably a former alp.*
*Even if I managed to explain everything in a way she understood, that would just give her something to worry about. So I figure it's best not to say.*
*I can't exactly say that to Touko-san now, considering she doesn't even know what an alp is anymore.*
Touko: ...Shuu-kun.
Shuuji: Huh?
Touko: Were you holding back?
Shuuji: Holding back what?
Touko: That must've been one intense solo session if you were at it all night. You were backed up, weren't you?
Touko: Were you worrying about me and holding back? You can always talk to me, if so.
Shuuji: Huh?! Oh, no... That's not...
Touko: Really? I would never be grossed out by something like that. In fact...
Touko: It's actually... rather interesting.
Shuuji: It's... interesting?
Touko: It is! I mean... We're still studying, aren't we? And also... back then...
Touko: It was my first time, so, honestly... it did hurt. But that started to change near the end.
Touko: All my strength left me, I felt all light, and my mind went blank... I can't really explain it. I've never felt anything like that before.
Shuuji: Same here. That was the first time I've ever felt that good.
Touko: And you came so much that it made me giddy, remember?
Touko: If we'd kept going like that... I don't know what would have happened to me. I can't even imagine it. That's why I'm interested.
Shuuji: Y-You don't say...
Touko: Is that a slutty thing for me to say? Is that... a turn-off?
Shuuji: No, not at all. Actually, umm, I'm happy you want to do it again. Relieved, even.
Shuuji: I went a bit wild, so I've been pretty worried.
Touko: I didn't dislike it, you know? It felt... really good.
Touko: I've always heard that the first time hurts a lot, and it did when you first put it in. But before I realized it... it had started to feel good.
Touko: Maybe that just shows how compatible we are?
Shuuji: Yeah, maybe. I don't think it would've been like that with just anyone.
Touko: Yeah, we're special. It felt so good that if it kept on that way, I think I would have orgasmed.
Touko: That's part of our love studies too, I think. So...
Touko: Will you bring me to climax, Shuu-kun?
Shuuji: ......
*%130;Is she serious?!*
*No man's crotch―Err, I mean dignity, would allow turning that request down.*
Shuuji: I-I'll do my best.
Touko: Okay, great.
*Touko-san smiles sweetly.*
*She then leans toward me and whispers into my ear.*
Touko: I'll make you cum lots and lots in return.
Shuuji: ......
*Her erotic tone elicits a base, instinctual reaction in me.*
*My whole body tenses up, like she's grabbed hold of my heart directly.*
Shuuji: Touko-san...
Touko: Mm...
Touko: Mm, mmm... Mmmph!
Shuuji: Mm... Mmpah, mmph...
Touko: Mmpwah! Mm, mmph... *kiss* *kiss*
*Threads of saliva form between our mouths each time we separate.*
*Our heated breaths intermingle as our sloppy kiss continues.*
Touko: Mmpah *lick* *lick* Mm, mmph, mmm... *pant* *pant*
Touko: One more... Mm, mmmph, mmpah...
Shuuji: H-Hold on a second! We can't go any further.
Touko: What? Why not?
Shuuji: Did you already forget what we agreed to? We have to be careful not to get carried away at school.
Touko: We agreed to that...? I remember no such promise.
Shuuji: Don't try and wriggle your way out of this. You did agree to that with me, yes.
Touko: Okay... So, are we not allowed dessert either? I thought that much might be okay.
Shuuji: Not an intense one like that.
Shuuji: ...I'd gladly kiss you all day outside of school, though.
Touko: Really?
Shuuji: You bet.
Touko: Hehe, okay. I'll hold you to that.
Touko: Besides, everyone in the club has to use this space. We shouldn't go too far in it.
Shuuji: Exactly.
*Things would get awkward if everyone found out about this.*
*They'd probably be grossed out.*
*Though, that doesn't mean we could just switch rooms and everything would be fine.*
Shuuji: So then, umm, how about we have dinner together?
Touko: Well... I can't today. I promised to meet someone. I'm sorry.
Shuuji: You did?
Shuuji: Umm... This person wouldn't happen to be a boy, would it?
Touko: ...You curious? Mufu.
Shuuji: Well yeah, but... I don't think it matters. I can tell I have nothing to worry about from the way you're talking.
Touko: Mm... I'm happy you trust me, but it would've been cuter if you got all flustered.
Touko: I am planning on meeting a guy, by the way. An older one.
Shuuji: But it's no one I need to be worrying about, is it?
Touko: Not really. I have to meet my lawyer today.
Shuuji: Your lawyer... The one in charge of your inheritance?
Touko: Yeah. He's been really helpful ever since I've started living on my own.
Touko: We meet once a month to discuss my financial situation. I even have to keep an accounts book.
Touko: So you have nothing to worry about, like you said. By "older," I meant he was over 60 already.
Shuuji: I see.
Touko: I have to take the day off from our club too, and I'm not sure when I'll be done... I'm sorry that I have to turn you down.
Shuuji: Oh, no. You gotta do what you gotta do.
*I'd have to make dinner for my dad and stuff, anyway.*
*Still, her lawyer, huh?*
Touko: How about instead... we go on a date this weekend?
Shuuji: That'd be sweet. Oh, I mean... I'd love to. Please, let's.
Touko: Okay. Well then... make sure you follow through on that request when the time comes.
Shuuji: I-I'll do my best.
Shuuji: Hmm... This weekend...
Touko: Do you have plans already?
Shuuji: No. I'm just wondering what my dad's plans are.
Shuuji: He might be a workaholic, but even he takes some weekends off.
*I'd feel bad telling him to get out of the house on his day off.*
Touko: Mm... Then why don't you come to my place this time?
Shuuji: Huh? Your place? A-Are you sure?
Touko: Yeah, of course. I'm always the one coming to yours.
Shuuji: Great! I'd love to!
Touko: Great. I guess we should sort out our meeting time and place then.
Shuuji: Okay!
Touko: Let me just lock up... There we go.
*We lock up with the key we borrowed from Ayachi-san.*
*Let me just double check it... Looks okay.*
Shuuji: So, on another note...
Touko: What?
Shuuji: Your lawyer seems to know a lot about your family.
Touko: Unfortunately not. Only enough to know that they wouldn't have left me behind if they could help it.
Touko: As soon as he saw me, he could tell I was my mother's daughter.
Shuuji: ...Do you look a lot like her or something?
Touko: Yeah, like two peas in a pod, he says. In fact, he says we look so similar that he almost thought I was her for a moment. That's why he's so convinced I'm her daughter.
Shuuji: You really look that alike? That's pretty unusual.
Touko: I know. Children often bear some resemblance to their parents, but it's not often they look exactly the same.
Touko: Oh, there's the bell. It's time for us to go back to class, unfortunately.
Shuuji: Yeah.
Shuuji: Exactly the same as her mother, huh...
*This matches Souma-san's theory that she set up her own estate.*
*It's beginning to look more and more likely.*
Shuuji: Well, anyway, I should start focusing on our upcoming date.
*Speaking of that...*
Touko: Will you bring me to climax, Shuu-kun?
*I can't stop thinking about what she said earlier.*
*I know I said that I'll do my best, but I only just lost my virginity. I dunno if I have the experience to handle this.*
Shuuji: I better study up, then!
Nene: It's evening now. Let's stop things here for the day.
Meguru: Sounds good.
Tsumugi: I'll put away the cups.
Meguru: Hey, you two... Wait, Togakushi-senpai took the day off today, didn't she?
Shuuji: There's no point in me leaving on my own, so I'll help out.
Tsumugi: Thank you.
Meguru: Is something wrong with Togakushi-senpai?
Nene: She told me that she had plans to meet someone.
Meguru: She's meeting someone... Aren't you worried, Senpai?
Shuuji: I've heard all about it. She's not doing anything worth worrying about.
Meguru: Oh, sounds like you trust her a lot.
Tsumugi: That's great.
Nene: Well then, let's all clean up together.
*Thus, for the first time in a long while, I clean up with everyone else, then head home alone.*
*However, I realize something along the way.*
Shuuji: Oh, right. We're running out of detergent. I should buy some.
Shuuji: Let's see... I got the detergent and some salt... Don't think we needed anything else.
*I'll start making dinner as soon as I get home.*
Shuuji: Hm? Huh? Is that Touko-san?
*I'd know that back anywhere.*
*But as soon as I see her, she's swallowed by the crowd of shoppers and commuters, and I lose track of her.*
Shuuji: Touko-san, wait!
Shuuji: Huh? I could have sworn she went this way... I don't see her anywhere.
*Was I seeing things?*
Shuuji: Well, it's not like I need her for anything, I guess...
Shuuji: I figured she was meeting her lawyer closer to her place, but I guess she's meeting him around here?
*I mean... the station is the most obvious meeting spot, at least.*
Shuuji: All you've got around here are suburbs, the school, and a hospital... Oh, and some restaurants too.
*They could be meeting in one of them.*
*She did say the lawyer was pretty old.*
Shuuji: Oh well. Time to go home.
================================================================================
*I place down my now-empty coffee mug, making the first sound in quite some time.*
*Just how much time has passed?*
*Long enough for my coffee to go completely cold, at least. Neither of us have uttered a word all the while.*
Shuuji: ...Touko-san.
Touko: Yes?
Shuuji: Please don't look so apologetic. I'm not angry or anything.
Touko: Okay...
*It's not like she wanted to forget, right?*
Shuuji: Please, just tell me what you do know. Touko-san... Senpai, what do you remember about me?
Touko: It's okay. You can call me Touko-san if you want.
Touko: Um, I remember you asking me out. And I remember us exchanging lunches.
Shuuji: I see...
*But she's gone back to calling me Hoshina-kun, so... does she remember us having sex?*
*She only started calling me Shuu-kun after our first time.*
Shuuji: Am I the only thing you don't remember?
Touko: ...I don't know. I can't tell how much of my memory I've lost.
Shuuji: Right, okay.
Touko: But there have been other moments where things have felt off... I'm sure I've forgotten other things before this.
Shuuji: Hm, I see.
Shuuji: What about school? Are there any holes in your memories regarding your classes?
Touko: Not really, I don't think. Maybe because I always keep notes.
Shuuji: So then, do you know when this started? Was it before you met me?
*If it was, then I imagine she would have said something sooner, but she seems almost as puzzled by the situation as I.*
Touko: I'm not entirely sure. But, umm... do you know how I'm keeping a diary?
Shuuji: Yeah, you wrote in it yesterday. And I was there with you when you bought it.
Touko: Really...? What did I say back then?
Shuuji: Nothing, really. Just that it would help you remember the fun times better if you kept a diary. Do you think you wanted to buy one because of this?
Touko: Yeah... I think I realized something was wrong with me then, and that's why I decided to keep a diary.
Touko: I don't remember it myself, but that's what's written in the diary.
Shuuji: ......
Touko: I thought something was wrong, so I decided to keep a diary. Then the first thing I did every morning was read back through it.
Touko: That's all I really remember... I'm sorry.
Shuuji: Please, don't apologize. This isn't your fault.
Touko: Though I don't really remember, I get the feeling that my memory has always been full of holes.
Touko: But I'm pretty sure this is the first time I've completely forgotten about something. I don't know how this happened...
Shuuji: ...Yesterday you said that you wanted us to greet the morning together. That's why you had me stay over.
Touko: I see...
Shuuji: Actually, you wrote in your diary before we went to sleep. Maybe we'll figure something out if we look at that?
Touko: R-Right. I haven't checked it yet. Just a moment.
*Touko-san hurriedly flicks through her diary.*
*She starts right at the beginning.*
*I'm sure she's also checking what else she might have forgotten.*
*I sit patiently and wait for her to finish.*
*Five minutes later, she claps her diary shut and comes back over to me.*
Shuuji: Well?
Touko: ...I definitely wrote in it last night.
Touko: It seems that every time I wake up I'm missing more of my memories... and it's been really worrying me lately.
Touko: But last night I was so happy that you were staying with me, Hoshina―no, Shuu-kun, that my anxiety was completely blown away.
Touko: I thought that if I kept that happiness with me, then I might not lose any memories that night. That's why I wanted you to stay with me so badly.
Shuuji: So...
*That's why her hands were trembling back then...*
*If only I'd paid more attention. If I'd known, then...*
Shuuji: ......
*No, I wouldn't have been able to do anything even if I had known. But... But still...*
Touko: Do you think the fact that I've lost more memories than usual means things are getting worse?
Shuuji: We can't tell for sure yet. You did only start keeping that diary recently, after all.
Shuuji: It's also possible that this is all only temporary and you'll get your memories back before long.
Touko: Yeah...
Shuuji: Have you seen a doctor about this?
Touko: I wrote about that in the diary, actually. I saw one, but... they said there was nothing physically wrong with my brain, so it could only be an emotional issue.
Touko: But how? I was so happy! I even wrote that in my diary... So I don't see how it could be an emotional issue.
Shuuji: ......
Touko: Also... I'm sorry, Shuu-kun.
Shuuji: Huh? What for?
Touko: In my diary, it says that I lied to you on the day I went to the hospital. Apparently, I told you I'd gone to see my attorney.
Shuuji: Oh...
*That day, huh?*
*So I wasn't wrong about seeing Touko-san in a place she wasn't supposed to be.*
*If I had only managed to catch up to her... would things have ended up differently?*
Shuuji: I'm sorry too. That I never noticed this about you. That I even made you lie to me.
Touko: No, I was hiding it. Of course you didn't notice it. You haven't done anything wrong, Shuu-kun.
Touko: The fault is... all mine.
Shuuji: It's not your fault at all, Touko-san.
Shuuji: So please, stop blaming yourself. I'm right here with you.
Touko: ...Yeah. Sorry, thank you.
Shuuji: ......
*Touko-san has been going through so much...*
*Why didn't I notice? I'm sure I could have found some clue if I had paid more attention to her.*
*I should have been able to figure out something was wrong, even if I couldn't have guessed it was a memory issue. There must have been more than her trembling hands last night...*
Touko: ...I must have really hurt you, haven't I?
Shuuji: No... I mean...
Touko: Sorry. You can't answer that question, can you? You're so kind and honest, Shuu-kun...
*She's right, I can't.*
*There's no answer that wouldn't somehow hurt her.*
Touko: This was written in my diary too. I've... spent a lot of time with you, Shuu-kun.
Touko: Actually, I don't need the diary to be able to tell that. I can tell just how much you care about me.
Shuuji: Touko-san...
Touko: How could I ever forget about this?
*Touko-san forces a smile.*
*Her tone and expression are so painful to witness that it almost feels like I'm using my power.*
Shuuji: I'll say this as many times as I have to. You've done nothing wrong, Touko-san.
Touko: ......
Shuuji: I'm sorry. This can't have been easy for you to explain.
Touko: It's fine. Of course you'd want to know.
Touko: I mean, I should have told you much sooner... We're meant to be a couple.
Shuuji: ......
Touko: ......
Shuuji: Let's stop this. There's no point in apologizing to each other over and over.
Touko: Yeah.
Touko, Shuuji: ...Ahaha....Hahaha.
*We both laugh wryly.*
*Hah... That hasn't changed at all.*
*She's still the Touko-san I love.*
Touko: Well, I'll make us some breakfast. You can't think on an empty stomach, after all. Is rice okay with you?
Shuuji: Yeah, I normally have that for breakfast.
Shuuji: Though, sometimes I have toast if I'm feeling lazy.
Touko: Yeah, I get you. I do the same thing sometimes when I oversleep.
Shuuji: I'm fine with toast if you're not up for making anything.
Touko: No, I want to do this.
Shuuji: ...Okay then. Thank you.
Touko: Great.
Touko: You prefer your eggs on the sweeter side, right Shuu-kun?
Shuuji: Ah, yeah.
Touko: Then... Yeah, this should do.
Touko: Okay, done. Eat it while it's hot!
Shuuji: Thank you.
*She lays out breakfast before me.*
*Her cooking looks as amazing as always.*
Shuuji: Let's see how it tastes.
*I start by picking up some egg with my chopsticks.*
*...Yup, just the right sweetness. Exactly to my liking.*
Touko: How is it...?
Shuuji: Amazing. Just how I like it.
Touko: Really? Oh, goodie~ I don't normally make sweet eggs.
Shuuji: It's the perfect sweetness. Seriously.
*I dig into the fried eggs.*
*I can't put my chopsticks down, it's so good.*
*Before I realize it, there are only two pieces left.*
Shuuji: Oh... Sorry, I overate.
Touko: Oh, it's all good. I'm glad you liked it so much.
Touko: Besides, I'm a girl. I don't eat as much as you boys.
Shuuji: R-Right...
Touko: I'm just happy to see you smiling while eating it.
Touko: So please, have as much as you like.
Shuuji: Don't mind if I do, then.
*I dig right back into Touko-san's breakfast.*
*This is way better than anything I ever make for myself.*
*Every so often while I eat, Touko-san looks at me and...*
Touko: Hehehe.
*She giggles happily.*
Shuuji: Thank you for breakfast.
Touko: You're very welcome.
Shuuji: Man, that was excellent.
Touko: Yeah, thanks. I'm glad you liked it.
Touko: ......
Touko: Hey, Shuu-kun...
Shuuji: Yeah? What is it?
Touko: Oh, never mind. Don't worry.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Touko-san.
Touko: Y-Yes...?
Shuuji: If you just stop like that, I'll worry that you're hiding something else from me.
Touko: I'm not. It's just, well... Did we have plans for today? Like a date or something...? Today's plans weren't in the diary.
Shuuji: Oh, that's what you wanted to say. No, we didn't talk about it yesterday.
Shuuji: The whole thing about me staying over was pretty sudden.
Touko: I see. Then... what are your plans?
Shuuji: I don't have anything. Why? Got something you want to do?
Touko: Actually... I kind of want to re-experience all of the memories I've forgotten.
Touko: I made those fried eggs exactly to your liking, didn't I?
Shuuji: Yeah, you did.
Touko: That made me think that maybe I haven't forgotten, exactly―I just can't remember.
Touko: So I thought that going out with you to places we've created memories together might be what I need to help me remember again.
Touko: Maybe that will end up being pointless, but I'd like to give it a shot if you don't mind.
Shuuji: Of course. That's totally fine by me.
Shuuji: Besides, aren't you really just asking me out on a date today?
Touko: Huh? Oh, hm... Yeah, I guess I am.
Shuuji: Heh, knew it. And yeah, you bet I want to go on a date.
Shuuji: And not just to help you remember old memories, but to create new ones too. That'll make your diary a lot more enjoyable to read.
Touko: Shuu-kun... Thank you.
Shuuji: C'mon, cheer up. Dates are meant to be fun.
Touko: Yeah, you're right... Alright!
Touko: Where shall we go today, then?
Shuuji: Let's see...
*Now that I think about it, we haven't been on too many dates. We've spent most of our time together flirting and making out... even at school.*
*Actually, probably over half of our kisses have been at school.*
*Not that I know for sure. We've kissed too many times to count by now.*
Shuuji: ...What sticks out most in my mind are the times we've kissed at school.
Touko: Let's go to school then.
Shuuji: Will it be open? It's the weekend.
Touko: Yeah, it'll be fine. I mean, the basketball club has practice, so it should be open.
Touko: Besides, I'm the former Student Council president. It'll be fine!
Shuuji: Guess there's nothing for me to worry about, then.
*The school should be empty enough for us to not be caught making out.*
Shuuji: Oh right. Do you remember the date we went on at the mall?
Touko: Yeah, I remember that one. I remember you getting super embarrassed. Oh, do you want to go back to the lingerie store?
Shuuji: Not in a million years! I've never been more embarrassed in my life.
Touko: You were so cute back then. Mufufu.
*Touko-san laughs just like normal.*
*I need to act as normally as possible too.*
*We're going on a date here... I can't let myself ruin the mood.*
Touko: You know, you can always put in a special request on the kind of underwear you want to see me in, now that we're going out.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Well, as enticing as that proposition is... let's save it for another day.
Touko: Got it. We better not forget this promise!
Touko: Okay, let's catch a train, then.
Shuuji: By the way, why are you in your uniform?
Touko: Hmm? You gotta wear your uniform when going to school. Going to school in your personal clothes is against the rules, you know?
Shuuji: Barely anyone actually follows that rule, though.
Touko: I guess, but... we'd be in uniform for any of our memories at school, wouldn't we? So I figured it'd be a good idea to wear mine.
Shuuji: Ohh, of course.
*She's got a point.*
Shuuji: Right then. I should change too. Lemme just head home for a sec.
*I wanted to change anyway, so this is perfect.*
Touko: By the way... Have I ever been to your house?
Shuuji: Huh? Oh, right...
*She's forgotten about that too, huh?*
Shuuji: You have. We watched a movie together, and you made me some omelet rice.
Touko: A movie...
Shuuji: I remember the title. Want me to go and rent it again?
Touko: ...Really? Are you sure?
Shuuji: Yeah, it's fine. Just give me thirty minutes first.
Touko: Mmm... Is that so you can hide your dirty magazines first? Mufufu.
Shuuji: I-It's so I can clean... That's all.
Shuuji: Also, do you think you could make me lunch? I'd really like to have your omelet rice, Senpai.
Touko: Of course I can. I should be the one asking you to let me.
Touko: I'll have to buy the ingredients for it, though. By the way...
Touko: Doesn't saying "I'd like to taste your omelet" sound kinda indecent to you? That's a total double entendre.
Shuuji: ......
Touko: H-Huh? Was that off-putting?
Shuuji: No, I was just surprised. How on Earth did you manage to come up with that?
Touko: Hey, that's a bit rude, you know!
Shuuji: Hahaha, sorry.
*I force a laugh.*
*I doubt it's very convincing, but I try my best to smile naturally.*
*Talking with Touko-san just reinforces the fact that she's lost her memories.*
*I can try to act normally, but it's hard not to give it away when she's said or done something before.*
*The sadness of that is overwhelming, but I can at least manage to not let that show.*
Shuuji: Let's get going then, okay?
*I manage to keep a facade of calmness.*
Touko: So this is your house... Is your dad in today?
Shuuji: Nah. He's got something to do.
*For once in his life, though, it's not work. I called him in advance and asked him to make sure the place is empty for us.*
*I want things to be as close to last time as possible, and I haven't introduced her to my dad yet.*
Touko: Hey, can I play "find the porn mags"?
Shuuji: No. Absolutely not.
Touko: You don't have to be so against it... Unless you have fetishes you don't want me finding out about? M-Maybe you're into lolis? Or maybe milfs?
Shuuji: I'm not! I like you, Touko-san, and clearly you're not in either of those categories.
Touko: Hmm... I do hear sometimes that I'm kinda like a housewife... I don't think it'd be strange if you were into milfs.
Shuuji: ...Really?
Touko: Ah! You were meant to say "that's not true"! You think so too, don't you Shuu-kun?!
Shuuji: N-No, I don't! I-I really... don't?
Touko: Liar! You big liar! You do, don't you?
Shuuji: Come on, let's go watch the film.
Touko: Don't change the subject!
*We watch the film, eat omelet rice for lunch, then drop by our school.*
*It's open, just as Touko-san said it would be, with noise echoing within the gym.*
*It sounds like the basketball club is practicing, as well as the brass band.*
Shuuji: I've never been here on a weekend before. I guess people really do come here on off days.
Touko: The sports clubs here are really active. Though, I don't suppose many people come here to make out like us.
Shuuji: Yeah, you're probably right.
Touko: Hey, Shuu-kun... where should we kiss?
*Touko-san asks, staring at me with upturned eyes.*
*The way she's practically begging me to kiss her is so cute.*
*But her question is also rather painful.*
Shuuji: ......
Touko: Hmm? Shuu-kun...?
Shuuji: Oh, sorry... We normally did it by the stairs, or in the clubroom...
Touko: Mm, mmpah... *pant* *pant* Mm, mm... *kiss* *kiss*
Shuuji: Mm, Mmpah... T-Touko-san... Mmph!
Touko: *kiss* *kiss* Mmph... Is this different than our usual? Is it too gentle?
Shuuji: Not really, but we also used our tongue and stuff...
Touko: Okay, our tongues. Right... *kiss* *kiss* Mmm, haah, mmph... *lick* *lick*
*Our kiss isn't particularly intense.*
*But I'm pretty sure that she's pressing closer to me than usual.*
Touko: Mm, mmpah... Mmph, mm! *kiss* *kiss*
*And I'm pretty sure the reason for her closeness is her anxiety.*
*Trying to live up to her expectations, I hold her tightly and entwine my tongue around hers.*
Touko: Mm, mmm, mm! *slurp* *kiss* *kiss* Haah! *kiss* *kiss* Shuu-kun...! Mm, mmm!
*Touko-san is surprised for a moment, but she soon gives in.*
*With our tongues entwined, it feels like we're melting into each other in our tight embrace.*
*Ignoring the immorality of making out at school, we fully immerse ourselves in our indecent act.*
Touko: *kiss* *kiss* Shuu-kun... Mmm! *kiss* *kiss* *lick* *lick*
Shuuji: Mm, mmpah... *pant* *pant* What is it?
Touko: Kissing is something else... Haah... What am I meant to do? I feel like I'm burning up. I can't think straight.
Touko: I'm trying to remember, but I can't think... Ahh... *kiss* *kiss* *lick*
Shuuji: *slurp* *kiss* Maybe concentrating on our kissing will help you remember... Mm, mmph!
Touko: Do you think...? Mmph, mmm... *kiss* *kiss*
Shuuji: We have time. We can kiss as much as we want. So just focus on it... *kiss* *kiss*
Touko: Mm, mmm... *kiss* *kiss* I can't believe how good kissing feels. It feels like it's going to blow away the memories I do have... *kiss*
Shuuji: If you do remember, I'll give you an even more amazing kiss.
Touko: You will? Then I better try harder... Mm mmm! *slurp* *kiss* *kiss*
*Touko-san and I continue to exchange passionate kisses inside our peaceful school.*
*And before we realize it, the sun is setting.*
*How many times have we kissed today? I can't even remember.*
*We've changed locations and kissed each other countless times.*
*But no matter how intense our kisses get, Touko-san's hands never stop trembling.*
Touko: Pwaah... *pant* *pant*
Shuuji: *pant* *pant*
*Our lips finally separate.*
*Strands of saliva hang between our mouths.*
Touko: We kissed... in the club room. We can't tell anyone else about this.
Shuuji: No we can't. I'm pretty sure everyone would be weirded out.
Touko: Then it'll be our little secret. Hehehe.
Shuuji: Let's keep all of our kisses at school today our little secret.
Touko: Yeah, you're right. We can't tell anyone.
Touko: So then... Where else have we shared this secret, Shuu-kun?
Shuuji: This clubroom was the last place.
Touko: Oh...
*I don't even ask if she's remembered anything.*
*Her expression tells me everything.*
Touko: ......
Shuuji: ......
*We watched the film, we ate omelet rice, we kissed... and none of it has helped Touko-san's memories return.*
*Doctors couldn't tell what's wrong, and she herself says it's not an emotional reason.*
*Which means...*
Touko: I'm sorry... Shuu-kun.
Shuuji: Huh, what for?
Touko: Like you said earlier, you can see what's happening here. We both can.
Touko: I could tell from kissing you. How sad you feel, and how hard this is for you... I could tell everything.
Shuuji: Touko-san...
Touko: We've spent too much time together for me not to be able to tell. But then, why? Why have I forgotten everything else?
Touko: I'm sorry. I'm so sorry... I can't remember anything.
Shuuji: Please, don't apologize. You don't need to worry about me.
Touko: But, but I...
Shuuji: We just have to create new memories. So please, don't be so hard on yourself.
Touko: ......
Touko: Hoshina-kun, there's something I'd like to ask you.
Shuuji: ...Why did you go back to calling me that?
Touko: If this is all too much to handle, or if you've started to hate me, then just tell me. We can break up. It's fine.
Shuuji: ......
Touko: I don't mind. Actually, I'm sure I'll just forget that too at some point.
Touko: I mean, this is all too strange. How could I suddenly lose my memories? I'm sure you don't want a messed up girlfriend like me.
Shuuji: Please, stop talking.
Touko: I'm just full of problems. I'm hollow, purposeless, and amnesiac... I'm sorry there's so much wrong with me.
Shuuji: Just shut up.
*I grab hold of Touko-san and force my lips onto of hers.*
Touko: Mm! Mm, mmm... Mmph, mmgh, mmm...
*Touko-san struggles to breathe under my forceful kiss.*
*But I nonetheless press on.*
*I slip my tongue between her lips and ravage her mouth.*
Touko: Mmhahh, mgh, mmph... Mm, mm, mmph!
Shuuji: Mm... Mmpah. *kiss* *kiss*
Touko: Mnn, mm, mhaah! *kiss* *kiss* Haah! Mmph!
Touko: Haah, ah, mm... H-Hoshina-kun...?
Shuuji: Do you understand?
Touko: Um... U-Understand what?
Shuuji: Oh, you don't? Well, okay. Guess I gotta show you again.
Touko: Mm, mmph, mmmph?! Mm, mmm...
*I once again force Touko-san silent with my mouth.*
*Startled by my unusual aggressiveness, Touko-san can only accept my kiss.*
Touko: Mm, mmph! *kiss* *kiss* Mmpah, ahh! *kiss* *kiss*
Shuuji: Mmph, mmm...
Touko: Mm, mmm... Mmm, mmpah! H-Hoshina-kun... Mmph... *kiss* *kiss*
Shuuji: I thought I told you to stop talking. Mm, mmph! *kiss* *kiss*
Touko: Mmpwah! Ahmm, mmph... *kiss* *kiss* Mmrph, mmmrrph!
*I continue to ravage her, making a sloppy mess out of both of our mouths.*
*I don't even bother stopping to wipe away the spit covering us.*
*I keep going until I run out of breath, sparing no regard for Touko-san's feeble attempt at resisting me.*
Touko: Mm, mmmph... Mmpahh, ahh... *pant* *pant*
Shuuji: *pant* *pant* Do you see now?
Shuuji: Do you see how much I love you?
Shuuji: Because if you don't, I'll keep kissing you until you do. That's how this is going to be. I won't stop until you do.
Touko: H-Hoshina-kun, you're being kind of scary?
Shuuji: Of course I am. The girl I love just told me she wants to break up.
Touko: But, I―
Shuuji: I need you, Touko-san!
Shuuji: I love you. I can't help it, but I love you so much!
Touko: Even though I'm like this...?
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Touko-san, do you remember the thing with Koshiji-san? I found out how she felt and set it up so you two could be alone.
Touko: ...Yeah. It's hazy, but I remember. She opened up to me, and I told her I didn't feel the same way.
Shuuji: How do you think I found out how she felt?
Touko: Huh? Well...
Shuuji: You spent an entire year with her, but even you didn't notice.
Shuuji: And not just you―no one noticed how she felt. But I did. Why do you think that is?
Touko: Wasn't it... because of the OC?
Shuuji: Koshiji-san never spoke about how she felt. She never intended to.
Shuuji: But I noticed and persuaded her it would be best for her to confess to you. It had nothing to do with the OC.
Touko: Then how did you notice?
Shuuji: I have the power to perceive other people's emotions. That's how I was able to understand how Koshiji-san felt when nobody else could.
Touko: You do...?
Shuuji: Yes. You might find it hard to believe, but it's the truth.
Shuuji: I've had this power since I was a kid. Sounds convenient, huh? Well, it's not. Especially since I can't control it at all.
Shuuji: Child or adult, no one's having fun all the time. Being confronted with negative emotions like irritation or jealousy can make me sick.
Touko: ......
Shuuji: That's why I've never really been a social person.
Shuuji: I kept my relationships shallow and pretended not to care about anything around me. I grew to hate being able to sense other people's emotions and kept everyone at a distance.
Shuuji: So I just holed up at home, studying or doing housework. I was someone who had no purpose. I was someone who was empty.
Touko: But... you're talking in past tense.
Shuuji: The OC is what triggered a change in me, but the one who put it all in the past was you, Touko-san.
Touko: I did...? But, I couldn't have... I'm sorry, I don't remember...
Shuuji: No, you haven't forgotten. You never knew in the first place.
Touko: ...What do you mean?
Shuuji: I don't know why myself, but I can't perceive your emotions at all.
Shuuji: You're the only one I've ever met who I couldn't read, so it was quite a shock.
Shuuji: When first I started talking to you, I realized how incompetent I was at even the basics of communication.
Shuuji: I'd always relied on my power, so I couldn't tell how you felt without it.
Shuuji: But that made me happy. I was always able to relax whenever I was with you.
Touko: Hoshina-kun...
Shuuji: Being with you has helped me fix the parts of me that are lacking.
Shuuji: That's why I need you, Touko-san. As long as I have you, I can keep looking toward the future.
Touko: ......
Shuuji: But, all this time, I've just been relying on you.
Touko: Th-That's not true! I'm sure I've been relying on you for a lot of stuff too!
Shuuji: That's not what I mean. I didn't notice your anxiety... You were the one supporting me the whole time.
Shuuji: But now I'll be the one to support you.
Shuuji: If you forget something, we'll just experience it again. Wait, I've got a great idea! Let's go on another date.
Shuuji: We'll go shopping together. I'll buy those clothes you said you liked last time as a present.
Shuuji: You won't be able to forget if you have a physical memento of our relationship, right?
Touko: ......
Shuuji: Please, just stop saying we should break up. I really do love you. I can't even imagine a world without you by my side, Touko-san.
*If we were to break up, I doubt I'd ever find life fulfilling again.*
Shuuji: I'll return the favor and fix the parts of you that are lacking. So please, stay by my side.
Shuuji: Actually, let me rephrase that.
Shuuji: You're staying by my side, and you don't have a choice in the matter.
*I issue that like a command, but in reality, I'm practically begging her.*
*I probably sound like a selfish little kid right now.*
*Touko-san lets out an exasperated sigh and actually smiles a little.*
Touko: I can't object. Not after all that. I mean, how could I disobey an order... from the one I love?
Shuuji: You're no longer allowed to think about leaving me ever again.
Touko: Thank you, Hoshina-kun... No, thank you, Shuu-kun.
*Touko-san smiles radiantly.*
*Is it me, or is she actually glowing...?*
*It's not she's backlit by anything. Am I imagining this? I must be...*
Touko: ...? Should I not call you Shuu-kun...?
Shuuji: Oh, no, that's fine. I'm really happy about that.
Shuuji: There's no need to thank me, though. I'm giving you an order, after all.
Touko: ...Yeah. But thanks anyway.
Shuuji: I might have to steal your lips again if you keep on thanking me like that.
Touko: Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. You better stop me or I'll keep going forever. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
*Now it's my turn to smile. Guess I gotta seal her lips again.*
*This time, though, I'm not nearly as forceful.*
*It's a slow, gentle, loving kiss, one to fully express our feelings for each other.*
Touko: Mmph... *kiss* *kiss* Mmm, mmpah...
Shuuji: Mm, mmmph...
Touko: *kiss* *kiss* I love you... I love you so much, Shuu-kun... *kiss*
Shuuji: Then you shouldn't have suggested we break up... *kiss*
Touko: *kiss* *kiss* I'm sorry, I'll never do that again. I'll always be with you... Mm, mm! *kiss* *kiss*
Shuuji: I'll hold you to that. *kiss* *kiss* In fact, this is my last order. Don't ever say that kind of bullcrap again.
Touko: You got it. I won't... Mm, mmmph... *kiss* *kiss*
*Our last kiss had our lips practically glued together, making it hard to breathe.*
*But this time our lips come together and separate over and over, almost as if we're tickling each other.*
*I can tell how Touko-san feels far better than before. Her love for me is so much clearer.*
*Her cute mannerisms leave me unable to think of anything else. I end up losing track of time, and evening comes before I know it.*
Touko: We really did kiss a lot today... Let's never tell anyone else about this.
Shuuji: Yeah, that would be embarrassing.
*I can just imagine the massive fuss Inaba-san would make if she found out.*
Shuuji: It's already dark out. We should really get going.
Touko: Yeah, you're right.
Shuuji: So, there's actually one more place I'd like to go to tonight.
Touko: Hm? What's that? A hotel maybe? Oh my, you naughty boy. Wait, I suppose now isn't the time to be teasing you.
Shuuji: Regarding what I said earlier, about perceiving people's emotions.
Shuuji: I wasn't just messing around; I was telling the truth. It's pretty hard to prove it, though, since this power doesn't work on you...
Touko: I don't doubt you, silly. I know you're not a liar.
Touko: Though, actually, it does feel a little unreal to me. I think I just need some time to process it.
Shuuji: That's plenty fine by me.
Shuuji: Anyway, there's no point in waiting to go shopping together, right? I really wanna buy you those clothes.
Touko: I'd feel bad though. Those were pretty expensive.
Shuuji: It's fine. Think of it as a present to commemorate us getting together. I've already promised.
Touko: Okay... Then, in exchange... I'll have to give you some extra special service, Shuu-kun.
Shuuji: ......
*This part of her hasn't changed at all.*
Touko: So when you say you understand people's emotions, how clear is it?
Shuuji: I can't exactly understand them. It's more that I can sense them.
Shuuji: I'm able to pick up on what people are feeling happy, like when they're happy, angry, sad, or serious. Or even when they're lying.
Shuuji: I can't like, read their minds or anything.
Touko: Really? Hmm... Do you know why you can do that?
Shuuji: I've actually been discussing that with someone.
Shuuji: If you want, we could go and see them now. Maybe they could also help us figure out what's happening to you.
Touko: Does that mean... some strange power could be doing this to me?
Shuuji: It's possible.
*I'm actually pretty certain that her memory loss is magical in nature.*
*This all would be far too weird otherwise.*
*Perhaps it's connected to how Touko-san used to be an alp.*
Shuuji: The doctors you went to couldn't find anything wrong with you, right? And it's all happening so suddenly.
Touko: Well, that's true, but...
Shuuji: We can not go, if you want.
Touko: No, you're right. We don't have any other leads, so we may as well try talking to this person.
Touko: If you trust them, then so do I.
Shuuji: Yeah, don't worry. They're a good person.
Touko: Hmm. How strange. You keep avoiding mentioning their gender. They wouldn't happen to be a woman... would they?
Shuuji: Well, about that...
*I mean, she looks like a woman. When she's human, at least.*
Touko: I see. So there's some woman you've been confiding in that I don't know about? Hmm...
Touko: Now I really want to meet her. Right now.
Shuuji: Okay, but we haven't been doing anything that would upset you. I swear.
Shuuji: You're the only person I would ever want to do anything with.
*Also, she's a cat.*
Touko: We'll see about that. Let's go. I need to meet this person now.
Shuuji: ...There's really nothing to worry about.
*Well, I guess I wanted them to meet anyway.*
Shuuji: Okay. Let's get going.
Touko: Yeah. Let's meet this mysterious woman. Hmph!
*For some reason, Touko-san is really worked up about this.*
Touko: We're going!
*She marches forward and shouts her battle cry with such enthusiasm that I swear I can see her shining.*
*Wait, again...? Are my eyes playing tricks on me?*
*Just as I'm doubting myself...*
Touko: H-Huh...?
*Touko-san trips and stumbles, dropping down to her knees.*
Shuuji: Touko-san, are you okay?
Touko: Yeah, I'm fine. How weird. I think my legs are fine. I just got a bit dizzy...
Shuuji: Are you feeling anemic, maybe?
Touko: Maybe. I've never felt so light-headed that I can't even stand, though...
*We've been together ever since yesterday.*
*So I know that she's been eating properly.*
*It must have something to do with that light...*
Shuuji: Think you can you stand now?
Touko: Yeah, thanks.
*Touko-san reaches out to take the hand I'm offering her.*
*But it misses the mark, instead passing through the air next to me.*
Shuuji: ...Huh?
*And just like that, she collapses to the floor.*
Shuuji: T-Touko-san?! What's wrong?!
Touko: Huh? What happened...? I feel so weak. I can't move... Huh? Everything's gone dark...
Touko: Shuu-kun, where are you...?
Shuuji: Touko-san?!
*I take Touko-san into my arms.*
Touko: ......
*Her eyes are open, but they're hazy and nonreactive.*
*Her arms have fallen limp, as if she's lost consciousness.*
Shuuji: Touko-san?! Touko-san?!
*I cry out to her but am only met with silence in return.*
Shuuji: She's glowing again...? Wait, who cares!
Nanao: Hmm...
Shuuji: So, what do you think? Should we take her to the hospital?
Nanao: I don't think there'd be much point in that.
*Souma-san feebly shakes her head.*
*After Touko-san collapsed, I carried her straight to the Schwarze Katze.*
*Souma-san was surprised by me barging through her door, but she turned serious the moment she saw Touko-san in my arms.*
*We decided to go to my place so Souma-san could give Touko-san a detailed examination.*
*Touko-san is currently lying on my bed unconscious.*
Shuuji: So, I wasn't imagining the light I saw around her?
Shuuji: Does this have something to do with her being an alp?
Nanao: ...Probably. But, before I explain things, there's something I need to ask. Was this sudden?
Shuuji: Y-Yeah. She said she felt dizzy, then collapsed...
Nanao: What else? Were there any kinds of signs... Or anything off, really? Was anything wrong with her before this?
Shuuji: Yeah... there was. You see, Touko-san's memories...
*I proceed to explain the matter of Touko-san's memories to the best of my ability.*
*Souma-san listens intently, nodding periodically.*
Nanao: Right... So she was losing her memories. Could it be a rampage...?
Nanao: That wouldn't... But wait...
Shuuji: ...Souma-san?
Nanao: I have one idea as to what might be happening to her.
Shuuji: Please, tell me. What is it?
Nanao: You remember how I said she had to have thrown away all her powers and memories when she became human?
Shuuji: Yeah, of course.
Nanao: It seems I was mistaken. This girl did not throw them away. She sealed them inside herself.
Nanao: And she did it with her own magic in a manner so skillfully that it was undetectable to other alps. All to live as a normal human.
Shuuji: How is that related to what's going on here?
Nanao: To maintain a magical seal, you need a constant supply of magical energy. But without her memories as an alp, it would've proven difficult to obtain that from other humans.
Nanao: So how did she get around that? What is the source of her magic? I doubt I need to spell it out for you at this point.
Shuuji: With emotions...?
Shuuji: Has she been sealing her powers and memories with her own emotions?
Nanao: Yes. The reason why you can't sense any of her emotions isn't because of some kind of condition applied to your power.
Nanao: Your power is working perfectly; there's just nothing to detect. Her emotions are being converted into the energy that seals her powers within her.
Nanao: Which brings us on to the main problem...
Nanao: Magic is currently running amok inside of her. She has most likely been overloaded with it.
Shuuji: What do you mean by that? Like, she has too much magic?
Nanao: The stronger her emotions, the more magic she receives, but only some of that magic is needed to maintain the seal. And now, all that excess magic is running out of control.
Nanao: She's no longer sealing just her past self...
Shuuji: You mean she's now sealing her current self as well?
Nanao: Yes, which is the cause of her memory loss... and the coma she now finds herself in.
Shuuji: No way... But she said this hasn't ever happened before!
Nanao: Which means that she's now experiencing stronger emotions than before on a near-daily basis. Most likely happiness, don't you agree?
Shuuji: W-Wait...
*Is this because we fell in love...?*
*She's so happy that she's found love, so happy that we're spending time with each other... that it's overflowing her supply of magic?*
Nanao: What were you talking about before she collapsed? Did she seem particularly excited to you?
Shuuji: Excited...
*Maybe this is because I accepted her, even with her memory issues?*
*Is that what caused this...?*
Shuuji: No... How can this be?
*I did this to Touko-san?*
Nanao: ...This isn't your fault at all, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Is there something we can do? I'll do anything.
Nanao: I'm sorry. I still can't say... I'll think it over, but I don't know if this is an issue that can be fixed from the outside...
Shuuji: I can't believe it...
*Touko-san...*
Shuuji: What will happen if this continues?
Shuuji: If she's sleeping, won't some of her magic be lost? Could she just wake back up at some point?
Nanao: That would probably be difficult. Rampaging magic can have a large effect on one's consciousness.
Nanao: I imagine her sealed consciousness is filled with happy memories, which means she's seeing a nonstop stream of happy dreams.
Nanao: Even if it did somehow stop... I don't know when that would be.
Shuuji: No way... Why now...
Nanao: Anyway, I'll try to figure out a solution. Sorry, but I'll need some time.
Shuuji: ...Okay.
Nanao: Sorry. But rest assured that I'll do everything I can.
*Souma-san speaks with confidence, but I can tell she's anxious.*
Shuuji: Is there nothing I can do?
Nanao: For now, just stay by her side and keep talking to her.
Nanao: I'll get in touch as soon as I figure something out.
Shuuji: ...Thank you.
================================================================================
Shuuji: Okay, I've left your breakfast here.
Taichi: Thanks. You're going again today?
Shuuji: Yeah, sorry. Could you lock up for me? You can just leave the tableware if you can't be bothered cleaning up.
Taichi: I don't mind doing that... Look, just don't overdo yourself.
Shuuji: I know. Later.
*It's far earlier in the morning than usual.*
*Two hours earlier, in fact, and I'm heading in the opposite direction of the school.*
*I hop on the train long before rush hour has even begun, taking me even further away from school.*
*I then take out a key and open the door before me.*
Shuuji: Good morning, Touko-san.
Touko: ......
*She's up and sitting in bed.*
*She turns to face me when I speak but, as always, reacts no further.*
Shuuji: You must be hungry. I'll make you something right now.
*I try not to let it bother me and head straight into the kitchen to make some vegetable soup.*
*Several days have passed since Touko-san collapsed.*
*Her consciousness has yet to fully return.*
*She did actually recover from her coma enough to open her eyes.*
*But... that's about all.*
*She doesn't talk or even react to anything I say.*
*When she wakes up each morning, she sits up in her bed and stays put, peacefully staring forward.*
*And though she can't cook for herself, she's capable of eating them on her own.*
*She doesn't need me to help change her either, as long as I lay her clothes out for her.*
*It seems she can use the toilet and bathe as well.*
*In short, she's capable of fulfilling her most basic bodily needs.*
*But there's no sign of her doing something of her own volition.*
*She's little more than an empty shell, currently.*
Shuuji: Okay, it's ready.
*I lay Touko-san's breakfast out on her table. She takes a seat and sluggishly eats her soup.*
Shuuji: ......
*Touko-san eats her soup in silence.*
*I tasted it beforehand, so I know it's fine... but will she think it tastes good?*
*She's still eating it, so I hope she does.*
*I continue watching Touko-san eat her breakfast.*
*She doesn't react or respond to me whatsoever. This is more painful than I ever imagined.*
*Touko-san finishes eating her soup and gently puts her spoon down.*
Shuuji: You're welcome. I'll clean up.
*I take the bowl over to the sink.*
*Touko-san returns to her bed while I'm washing the dishes.*
Shuuji: I need to get to school now. I'll be back to make you lunch.
Touko: ......
*By the time I return to the station, I'm surrounded by people in suits heading in the same direction.*
*I've missed the peak of rush hour, but it's still busy.*
*I hop on a crowded train, this time heading toward school.*
Shuuji: Looks like I made it in time.
Hideaki: Oh, you're here.
Wakana: You've been almost late every day lately.
Hideaki: Sometimes he IS late. Something going on?
Shuuji: Nah, not really. That's just how it us when you're the one taking care of all the housework.
Wakana: Huh. That so?
Hideaki: You sure a girl like you should be acting like that?
Wakana: I'll be fine. I'll snatch me up a man who'll do the housework for me.
Hideaki: Damn, guys who can do the housework are so popular... Though, actually, Shuuji isn't at all.
Hideaki: He's a master of housework, but not popular in the slightest.
Wakana: You think? He's got a pretty awesome girlfriend.
Hideaki: Oh, good point!
Shuuji: ......
Hideaki: Hey Shuuji, you're lookin' kinda tired.
Wakana: You okay, Hoshina?
Shuuji: Huh? Y-Yeah... I'm fine. It's nothing.
Wakana, Hideaki: ......
Shuuji: Oh, there's the bell. Let's get to our seats.
Shuuji: Right...
Hideaki: Whatcha doing for lunch?
Shuuji: Sorry, got something to do.
Hideaki: Again? Seriously, what's going on here? If there's something bothering you, you know you can talk to me?
Shuuji: I said I'm fine. I'm just short on time.
Shuuji: I gotta hurry, or I won't make it back for afternoon lessons.
Shuuji: Welp. Better run.
*Having sprinted all the way to the station, I've somehow made my train.*
Shuuji: Lunch is ready, Touko-san.
*I obviously don't have time to make lunch from scratch, so I warmed up something I made in my spare time this morning.*
*And I threw together a simple salad while waiting for that.*
*Like always, Touko-san eats in silence.*
*As long as I have the time to spare, I like to just watch her.*
*Sometimes, though, I run out of time and have to leave early.*
*When I do, I tell her to just leave the dishes alone and relax.*
*And whenever I visit next, the dishes will be left on the table and Touko-san in bed.*
*She can definitely understand me. She understands what I'm saying... But she's not displaying any emotions at all.*
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Okay now, I'm going back to school.
*By the time my hectic lunch break is finished and I get back to school, afternoon lessons are just about to begin.*
*Once class is out, I check in at the clubroom.*
Meguru: Is Togakushi-senpai still feeling sick?
Shuuji: Yeah, a bit.
Meguru: I'm worried... Do you think we should go and see her?
Shuuji: Oh, well...
*What should I do? If they see Touko-san in her current state, they'll probably start asking questions about what's going on.*
*I imagine they'd want me to take her to the hospital. At the very least, they'd definitely think her symptoms are strange.*
*......*
Shuuji: Yeah, sounds like a good idea. I'm sure Touko-san would be delighted.
*But I think back to what Souma-san told me.*
*About how she advised me to stay by Touko-san's side and talk to her.*
*I think she should hear everyone's voices, not just mine.*
*It'll be tricky to find the right time for it, but...*
Tsumugi: Do you think I could come too?
Shuuji: I'll be fine on my own.
Shuuji: Well, then. Sorry, but I gotta get going.
Tsumugi: Yeah, okay.
Meguru: See you later.
Nene: Hoshina-kun, I understand how you feel, but please be careful not to overexert yourself.
Nene: You'll end up worrying Togakushi-senpai if you fall sick too.
Shuuji: Yeah, I know. I'm being careful. See you guys later.
Shuuji: First I gotta buy dinner...
Nene: Oh, Hoshina-kun.
Shuuji: Yeah? What's up, Ayachi-san?
Nene: I was planning on stopping at Nanao's today when club lets out. Do you have any messages you want me to pass on?
Shuuji: Hmm...
Shuuji: No, not really. Just remind her to get in touch with me if any new developments occur.
Nene: Yes, of course.
Shuuji: Thanks. See ya.
Nene: Alright. See you tomorrow.
*I stop by my house for a bit to make dinner for Dad.*
*Once that's done, I make my way to Touko-san's place yet again.*
Shuuji: Good evening.
*When I enter, Touko-san is sleeping peacefully.*
*I start getting dinner ready, being sure not to wake her.*
*Lately, I've been having dinner together with her.*
*It's been a few days, and making three meals a day in this kitchen has gotten me rather used to it.*
*At the start, I thought about keeping her at my place. But I figured that she'd be able to rest easier in a familiar place, so I've been coming here every day instead.*
Touko: ......
Shuuji: Oh, did I wake you? I'm sorry. Dinner won't be long.
*I continue making dinner, occasionally glancing over at Touko-san to check on how she's doing.*
Shuuji: Here you go.
Touko: ......
*We sit facing each other and start eating.*
*Tastes pretty decent.*
*Touko-san doesn't seem to have much of a problem with it, either.*
Shuuji: I tried to make this one like that stew you made.
Shuuji: I think it turned out pretty well, if I do say so myself.
Touko: ......
Shuuji: As long as I used the same ingredients as you did back then, I figured you at least wouldn't hate it.
Shuuji: Makes me wish I had asked you more about your tastes.
Touko: ......
*I keep on talking to my silent partner.*
*All on the vain hope that one of these times Touko-san will respond with a loving "Dinner tastes delicious, Shuu-kun."*
Shuuji: Oh, Touko-san, your mouth is dirty.
*I grab a paper towel and gently wipe her mouth.*
*She doesn't even flinch when I touch her face.*
*Her pink lifts are so soft and springy...*
Shuuji: Touko-san...
*I slowly lean over the table, approaching Touko-san.*
*I then press against her freshly wiped lips with my own.*
Shuuji: Mm...
*I give her a gentle peck on the lips.*
Touko: ......
*However, she doesn't respond at all.*
*She merely accepts it.*
*There's no smile, embarrassment, or a kiss in return.*
*Nothing happens as our lips part.*
*I take another look at her. There's no reaction. She only stares off into the distance, as always.*
Shuuji: ......
Touko: ......
Shuuji: Touko-san...
*I keep my head raised.*
*I can't let her see me getting down.*
Shuuji: I'm sorry for kissing you during dinner! But it's your fault for having such charming lips.
Shuuji: I couldn't help it. I'm a man! That's just how we do!
*Yeah, I'm fine. I can handle this.*
*I won't let Touko-san see me breaking down.*
Shuuji: Right, I'm going to be staying over tonight.
Taichi: "But you..."
Taichi: "No, I understand. Take care. Don't go catching a cold."
Shuuji: I know, Dad. I'll be fine.
Taichi: "Oh, and don't worry about breakfast. Your dad can make his own every now and again. Just make sure you're not overdoing it."
Shuuji: Thanks, Dad. See you later.
*I hang up the phone and look over to Touko-san.*
*She's already gotten into bed and shut her eyes. I can hear her breathing calmly as she sleeps.*
*I gently stroke her soft, warm cheek.*
*When she's asleep, she looks so relaxed and peaceful.*
Shuuji: Okay... Good night, Touko-san.
*I spread my futon across the floor and climb inside, staring at the hand I had just touched Touko-san with.*
*She's so warm. She feels no different from normal.*
*I can touch her all I want if I reach out, but I can't touch her heart.*
Shuuji: ......
*I lower my hand and close my eyes.*
================================================================================
*After a while, Touko-san's embarrassment subsided.*
*I took Touko-san to the Schwarze Katze claiming that we're having parfaits to celebrate her memory returning since I couldn't tell her the truth.*
*Once Souma-san checked her over, I realized there was no reason to explain anything to her anyway.*
Nanao: She's fine now. All the magic within her has been erased.
Shuuji: Oh, that's great.
Nanao: And also, Hoshina-kun, this is unexpected, but―
Shuuji: What is it?! Is there another problem?!
Nanao: Your magic has been erased too.
Shuuji: ...Huh? You mean...
Nanao: Your magic overflowed as well, allowing you to interfere with Togakushi-san's heart, correct? And your magic power was weak to begin with.
Nanao: A large excess of magic flowed into you. Your power was temporarily enhanced but rendered you unable to control it, which resulted in your magic being completely erased.
Shuuji: Then, that means...
Nanao: You no longer have the power to sense people's emotions.
Shuuji: Really...?
Nanao: ......
Nanao: I know you said that you don't think you can socialize well without your power, but try not to be so anxious, okay?
Shuuji: Honestly... I don't really know how what's going to happen from here out.
Shuuji: Life might get more difficult for me, but I'll cross that bridge when I come to it.
Shuuji: This is a fresh start for me. I'm just going to focus on being with Touko-san.
Nanao: ...I see. Hehe.
Nanao: This has been a good experience for me too. I've always been focused on learning more about humans and becoming one.
Nanao: It seems there are things far more important than knowledge if you are to live as a human, however. There's a lot more left for me to research.
Shuuji: I've learned some new things too.
Shuuji: The reason my mom wanted her magic so badly was all because of one person. I never would've thought... I'm shocked, to be honest.
*My mom's hearing wasn't what caused her to turn to magic.*
*She did so because of the one she loved, because of the man who was more important to her than anything else.*
*But... I think that's how this world works.*
*My mom's power was, to her, a symbol of happiness.*
*That's probably why I inherited it.*
*So that I could find someone I love just as much as she loved my dad. So I could be as happy as they were.*
*Thank you, Mom.*
Nanao: ...I see.
Nanao: Oh, there's one more thing I should tell you, Hoshina-kun...
Shuuji: Yeah?
Shuuji: I'm so sorry!
Nene: Huh? What? U-Umm... What are you sorry about?
Shuuji: Well, you know how I took all that magic from you? Souma-san says it's all been erased from inside me.
Shuuji: We think it reacted to my emotions and was used up as my own magic power. I'm so, so sorry!
Nene: Ah, that's what you mean. You made me think something bad happened.
Shuuji: ...Umm, you're not angry?
Nene: Would being angry get me my magic back?
Shuuji: Oh, uh, well...
Nene: Hehe, I'm sorry. That was a mean question. I was just joking.
Nene: I'm not angry. I'm just happy that Togakushi-senpai has woken up again. It's no problem at all.
Shuuji: Ayachi-san...
Nene: And hey. Take a look at this.
*Ayachi-san takes out her fragment bottle.*
Nene: The fragments came back. I think it happened after she woke up.
Shuuji: Really?
Nene: You didn't use them all up, Hoshina-kun. You only used a portion. The rest came back here.
Nene: Just because you don't have to worry about Togakushi-senpai anymore, it doesn't mean you have to worry about me.
Shuuji: But that still means I used up part of your magic.
Nene: That's offset by what I've gained since you started helping out with the club. Actually, the number of fragments I have now is only a little lower than when I first met you.
Nene: But please, you don't have to worry about me. A lot has happened, but how about we call it even?
Shuuji: ...Sure, let's do that.
Shuuji: I'm going to keep working at the OC though, even if I don't have anything to make up to you.
Nene: Of course. You're more than welcome to.
*And so, finally, our lives return to normal.*
================================================================================
Meguru: Wah, waaah... Togakushi-senpaaai!
Touko: Okay, okay. Don't cry. I mean, shouldn't I be the one crying, since I'm leaving?
Tsumugi: That's right. You'll bring the mood down if you keep crying.
Meguru: I know, but... still...
Nene: Congratulations again, Togakushi-senpai.
Meguru: Congratulations.
Tsumugi: Congratulations.
Touko: Yeah. Thank you, everyone.
Nene: But Inaba-san's right. It won't be the same without you.
Tsumugi: ...Yeah.
Touko: Now, now. I'll be sure to come and hang out in the clubroom sometimes.
Touko: Besides, Inaba-san, you're going to have it hard next year if me leaving is enough to make you cry like this.
Meguru: Huh?! Oh yeah! All three of you are gonna graduate and leave me all alone!
Touko: You'll have to work hard to get new club members before that happens.
Meguru: A-Aww... I suck at that, though... But I don't wanna be alone, either...
Nene: We haven't graduated yet.
Tsumugi: We'll help you get new club members.
Meguru: Oh! That's great!
*With the graduation ceremony now over, we've all come back to the clubroom to say our goodbyes.*
*Now that I think about it... Touko-san wasn't here at our club for very long.*
*She only joined after summer vacation, so it hasn't even been half a year.*
*And yet that brief window has been the most important period of my life... Enough to change it completely.*
Meguru: Please do keep coming by, even if it's only just to say hello.
Touko: I will. I promise. And it's not like we can only see each other in the clubroom. You can get in touch with me any time.
Meguru: Yeah! I will!
Touko: I'll be waiting for your call.
*Touko-san smiles at Inaba-san.*
*A plain ring glistens on the ring finger of her left hand.*
*The way it glistens beautifully is enough to tell anyone at first glance how important it is.*
Tsumugi: Okay then...
Nene: As much as I don't want to, I think it is about time we left.
Meguru: Yeah. I should head home now.
Meguru: Oh! And I know this your last day here, but please don't do anything funny in the clubroom!
Shuuji: What do you mean by that? What, pray tell, do you think we'd do here? Come now, explain yourself.
Meguru: W-Well... Ngh...
Shuuji: Come on, now! Let's hear it!
Meguru: Hoshina-senpai, you moron! Dummy! Sexual harasser! Pervert! I hate you!
*Inaba-san storms out of the clubroom with a bright red face.*
Tsumugi: Hey, Meguru-chan?!
Nene: Well then, we'll be leaving now, Togakushi-senpai. I hope to see you again soon.
Touko: Yeah, see you later!
*The two of them chase after Inaba-san.*
*Touko-san and I are left all alone.*
Touko: ......
Shuuji: ......
Touko: Hey, Shuu-kun. Are you going to ignore what Inaba-san just said?
Shuuji: No, I'm not. Let's not do anything that would taint our memory of the graduation ceremony.
Touko: Yeah. Doing it at school would be really embarrassing. And we'd get in serious trouble if anyone saw us.
Touko: Okay then, I guess we should get going too.
*Touko-san takes hold of my hand.*
Shuuji: Yeah.
*I squeeze her soft hand and nod with a smile.*
Touko: This is the last day I'll come here as a student. It's pretty emotional. And it's the last day I'll wear this uniform...
Touko: But I suppose that depends on you, Shuu-kun. Should I keep my uniform available to wear at a moment's notice?
Shuuji: I don't have a uniform fetish or anything...
Shuuji: ...But please do keep it. You know, just in case.
Touko: You're such an honest boy. Mufufu.
Shuuji: ...So you're back to your old shameless jokes, huh?
Touko: Hmm? Whatever are you talking about? I was just asking if I should save my uniform as a memento of my time here?
*Touko-san smiles mischievously.*
*...She's really gone back to normal. She would have died from embarrassment saying that just a little while ago.*
*This is fine by me. She's amazingly cute no matter how she acts.*
Touko: It's a shame, though... I wanted to make so many more memories. Memories with everyone, and memories with you.
Shuuji: We may not be able to go to school together, but that won't stop us from making more memories together.
Touko: Mm... You're right. If only I'd been born one year later.
Touko: Oh, but if I had been, I might not have gotten involved with the OC. Do you think that would have changed the future?
Shuuji: It might have.
Touko: Now that would be a problem. I hate the idea that I wouldn't have met everyone and wouldn't have started dating you.
Shuuji: That last part wouldn't change. I would have fallen in love with you no matter how we met.
Touko: Yeah? You're right. I would have too, I think.
Touko: Us being together is what's most important.
Shuuji: Yeah. We can make as many memories as we want.
Touko: Yeah♪
Touko: Shall we go now?
*Touko-san takes a cheerful step forward.*
*With me right beside her.*
Touko: You'll be graduating next year, Shuu-kun.
Shuuji: I sure will.
Touko: I'm looking forward to the day you can fulfill our promise.
Shuuji: I'll do my best to make that come as fast as possible.
Touko: Yeah, great! But you don't have to rush yourself. I don't mind waiting.
Touko: My love for you will never ever change, so you can take as long as you want.
Shuuji: ...My love for you won't change either, but I'm not going to make you wait that long.
Shuuji: I'm really not good at holding back.
Touko: Yeah, you're sure not. Oh geez, you shouldn't make dirty jokes like that out of nowhere!
Shuuji: I'm more surprised that you took that as a dirty joke...
Shuuji: But anyway, I'll do everything I can to minimize the waiting.
Touko: I'm really excited for our future. Getting married, having children, and starting a happy family...
Touko: And getting to be with the person I love forever. Forever, and ever, and ever.
Shuuji: It won't be long.
Touko: Yeah. I'm looking forward to it!
================================================================================
Hideaki: I'm sorry!
Shuuji: What's this about?
Wakana: What're you apologizing for?
*Both Kariya and I tilt our heads quizzically at Kaidou, who has his hands clapped together and is bowing deeply.*
Hideaki: Well, you see, something kinda came up today.
Wakana: Huh, did it? Then what about our band practice?
Hideaki: We'll have to make do with solo practice. I'm really sorry.
Wakana: Right... Well, if that's how it is, then that's how it is.
Hideaki: I know I'm a chump for reneging on you, but I got a family thing I couldn't talk my way out of.
Hideaki: Sorry to you too, Shuuji.
Shuuji: Nah, I could do with some more solo practice to get the basics down, anyway. It's not like group practice is the only thing I need right now.
Hideaki: Even so, we need to have at least some, or we won't know what we're doing on stage.
Shuuji: Really? We're all friends here, so I'm sure it'll work out one way or another.
Shuuji: Anyway, you said you can't get out of this right? We'll just have to work harder during tomorrow's practice.
Hideaki: Yeah. I'm sorry.
Shuuji: Guess I'll just practice alone today.
Hideaki: Better not slack just 'cause you're on your own.
Shuuji: Yeah, yeah, I won't.
*If I skip practice, then I won't just be embarrassing myself on stage.*
*I'll be embarrassing Kaidou and Kariya too. And I'd risk ruining the entire party.*
Shuuji: ......
*Now that I think about it, there's a lot resting on my shoulders here...*
*I could almost cry from the anxiety.*
Wakana: Hoshina? Something wrong? You're looking kinda down.
Shuuji: Yeah, just a bit. I imagined us failing, and it made me want to puke.
Hideaki: Oh, come on. We got plenty of time to get better. Are you gonna be okay? Don't die on us, here.
Shuuji: Yeah, I'll just practice so much that I forget about my anxiety.
Hideaki: That's the spirit!
Wakana: So, what will you do for practice today, Hoshina?
Shuuji: Let's see... I'll probably poke my head into the clubroom for a bit, then practice at home. I need to be somewhere I can make more noise at, after all.
Wakana: I see. Hmm...
Hideaki: Okay, guys, I gotta go. I'll make sure to put my all into practice starting tomorrow.
Shuuji: Yeah, I'm counting on you.
Wakana: ......
Shuuji: Okay, I should get going now.
Nene: Oh, okay. Good luck with practice.
Tsumugi: I'm really looking forward to your performance.
Shuuji: Don't say that... You'll make me wanna puke.
Meguru: Don't be so pathetic, Senpai. You gotta get all pumped up and go "Yeah, just leave it to me!"
Shuuji: I-I'll do my best.
Touko: Now, now. Let's not put too much pressure on him. Let's just wish him good luck.
Meguru: I wasn't trying to stress him out... I just got worried 'cuz he's acting like such a wimp.
Shuuji: Anyway, I'll just do what I can!
Tsumugi: Yeah, we're looking forward to it.
Nene: Just let us know if there's anything we can help out with.
Shuuji: Thanks, I will.
Shuuji: Right then, see you guys tomorrow.
Touko: Good luck!
Shuuji: Thanks.
*I then leave the clubroom and get ready to go home.*
*I change my shoes and leave school for the day.*
*Okay... I'll go shopping on the way home, then start practice once I change out of my uniform...*
Shuuji: ...Hm?
Wakana: Oh good, you're finally here.
Shuuji: Kariya? What are you doing here?
Wakana: Waiting for you.
Shuuji: For me? Why?
Wakana: Isn't it obvious? I was worried about you being on your own, so I thought I'd watch you practice.
Shuuji: Do you have that little confidence in me?
Wakana: That's not it. I just thought that being with someone would help you keep motivated.
Shuuji: Yeah, fair point.
Wakana: 'Sides, it's good to have someone who can help you out when you get stuck.
Shuuji: Yeah, that would help... But you're a guitarist. Do you know how to play the bass too?
Wakana: Not exactly, but the bass guitar and electric guitar have a lot in common. I'm probably better than you at it, at least.
Shuuji: Ugh... I've got no comeback for that.
Wakana: And also, I... kinda already booked some studio time for us.
Shuuji: Kaidou really sprung this on us out of nowhere, huh?
Wakana: I could always cancel, but like, the staff there will start to hate me if I do that too much.
Wakana: And that could cause problems in the future, ya know? Anyway, I know it'll just be us two, but wanna practice at the studio?
Shuuji: Yeah, that's totally fine by me. Perfect, even. I'd love to practice together.
Wakana: Alright, it's decided! Let's go there right away!
Shuuji: You know, I dunno how we'll do this without drums.
Wakana: Don't worry, anything is doable with the powers of the internet. I'll just open this rhythm app...
Wakana: Then connect my phone to the speaker, and...
Shuuji: Is this gonna work?
Wakana: Yup. I always practice like this.
Shuuji: Huh, well how about that.
*If she uses it all the time, then I've got nothing to worry about.*
*I mean, Kariya is really good with the guitar.*
Wakana: Now then, let's get started. I'm looking forward to this.
Shuuji: Can you not? I already have enough pressure.
Wakana: Oh come on, I'm not trying to do that.
Wakana: I'm just looking forward to this because I usually only have this app to keep my rhythm. I've never played alongside a bassist before.
Shuuji: Sure, but... I'm not at the level where I can actually play alongside you.
Wakana: Stop being so negative. You know what they say―practice makes perfect.
Wakana: Anyway, we'll just start with something simple for now!
Wakana: Hmm... Guess this ain't gonna work after all.
Shuuji: Told you so. I'm not good enough to play alongside you.
*Practice only makes perfect if you already have the basics down.*
*Banging my head against a proverbial wall isn't gonna get me anywhere.*
Wakana: Fine then. It's time for a special lesson.
Shuuji: Great. Though, I still haven't even worked out how to move my fingers correctly.
*Kaidou's friend taught me a little, but I'm still not at a good enough level to actually play anything.*
*This is gonna be a long road... Will I have enough time?*
Shuuji: Dammit. Why isn't my left hand more flexible? If only I was left handed...
Wakana: Then you'd be a lefty and would have to train your right hand.
Shuuji: Yeah, I guess. What about you? Have you always been able to wriggle your fingers around like that?
Wakana: Wriggle...?
Shuuji: That's how it looks to me. It's a mystery to me how you can move your hands so well.
Wakana: I just got this way through practice. I dunno what else to tell you.
Shuuji: So I guess everything just comes down to more practice...
Wakana: That goes for both guitar and bass. They have a lot in common, so I'll teach you some things.
Shuuji: Great, that's a huge help.
Wakana: Just leave it to me!
Wakana: So, where to start... You've got most of the absolute basics down, so what kind of practice should come next... I think you just gotta play something.
Wakana: Let's start with something super simple. I'm sure you'll at least be able to play a single phrase perfectly!
Shuuji: You really think so?
Wakana: If you don't believe me, then just try and see for yourself.
Shuuji: ...Alright. You know a lot more about music than me, so I should just follow your advice.
Wakana: That's a good attitude. Alright, let's get to it.
Shuuji: 'Kay.
Wakana: See, you did it!
Shuuji: Wow, yeah... I did.
Wakana: Right? There were some tricky parts in there, but you played it just fine!
Wakana: Feel better now that you got this part down?
Shuuji: Yeah. I feel like I can actually manage this now.
Wakana: You were still a little sloppy, so make sure to not slack off and keep on practicing.
Shuuji: Gotcha.
Shuuji: Thanks, Kariya. I'm really glad we practiced together today.
Wakana: Hehe. Hearing you say that don't feel too bad.
Shuuji: Actually, your explanations are a lot easier to understand than Kaidou's. I feel like I only pulled that off thanks to you.
Wakana: Huh? Oh, well... Ahaha. Now you're making me blush. But by all means, keep the praises coming.
Shuuji: You're a great teacher. Your guitar skills were seriously impressive. Also, tiny tits are the best! Woo!
Wakana: Do you want me to crush your skull and stuff it inside a speaker?
Shuuji: I-I was just kidding! Sorry.
Wakana: Can't your sorry ass tell when a joke's gone too far?
Shuuji: Y-Yes, I realize that now. Please stop. You're scaring me.
Wakana: Geez... Now then...
*Kariya puts down her guitar and stands up.*
Shuuji: Oh, are you angry? I'm really sorry. I didn't mean to offend you. I'm really grateful that you helped me practice today.
Wakana: That did piss me off a little, but I'm over it.
Shuuji: I'm really, really sorry.
*Man... I feel like I'm being stabbed directly in the heart every time she glares at me.*
*She's seriously upset.*
*I went too far... I guess I got carried away from how successful this practice session has been.*
Wakana: Never say something stupid like that again.
Shuuji: Sorry. I got carried away there. I won't let that happen again. But I really did mean what I said about you being good at the guitar, Kariya.
Wakana: Huh? Oh... Thanks.
Shuuji: Like, you're really good. And you looked cool too. Oh, I guess a girl might get angry at being called cool... This is awkward.
Wakana: I'm not gonna get angry over that. I mean... I've been practicing a lot, so I'm happy to hear you say that.
*Kariya gives me a bashful smile.*
Shuuji: ......
*This is unusual for Kariya.*
*She looked so cool when playing the guitar earlier, but now she suddenly seems a little, I dunno, girly?*
Wakana: ...Wh-What is it?
Shuuji: Oh, nothing. I was just thinking that I wish I could look as cool as you do when you're playing.
Wakana: C'mon, now you're just exaggerating. Flattery isn't gonna get you anywhere, you know?
Shuuji: I'm not exaggerating. There's a huge difference between you and me when we're playing.
Wakana: Being complimented straight-up by you is... kinda gross. Uhehe...
*She may not admit it, but Kariya looks absolutely delighted.*
*And the emotions I'm sensing from her aren't painful like they were earlier.*
Wakana: Anyway, just do some solo practice for a bit.
Shuuji: Huh? You going somewhere?
Wakana: Sh-Shut up. I'll be right back. Just be a good boy and practice.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Oh, the bathroom, huh?
Wakana: You didn't have to say it, dumbass!
*Kariya hurls those parting words at me before storming out of the room.*
Shuuji: ...Guess that was a little thoughtless of me.
*She was trying to hide it, then I just went and said it.*
Shuuji: It's kinda hard to concentrate on my own. I'll just take a break until Kariya comes back.
Shuuji: But man, she's really a good teacher. I guess the bass and guitar really do have a lot in common.
*I put my bass guitar down and stretch out a little, giving my shoulder blades a good pop.*
Shuuji: Nnngh! Phew... I hope my fingers get used to this soon. They're killing me... Oh, my nails are pretty long.
Shuuji: Better trim them down a bit.
*Kaidou's friend also taught me the importance of maintaining my nails.*
*I'm pretty sure I have nail clippers or a file in my bag...*
Shuuji: Huh? That's Kariya's bag...
*It's sitting right next to my own.*
*It's open, and there's a book resting right on top.*
*The title reads "Bass Guitar for Morons."*
Shuuji: Is this... a bass guitar reference book?
*Why does Kariya have this? Was it for herself? Nah, can't be. She plays the electric guitar.*
*Was she... studying this for my sake?*
Shuuji: She didn't say a word about it to me...
Wakana: Hoshina, what are you doing over there?
Shuuji: Oh, I was just gonna trim my nails a bit.
Wakana: You've gotta take good care of your fingers and nails. Good idea.
Shuuji: ......
*It's one thing to say that as a joke, but I dunno how to react when she responds so seriously.*
Shuuji: Is there a special technique to filing your nails I should be following?
Wakana: I dunno. Your nails can have a big effect on your playing. Maybe you could, like, trim your nails, check how it sounds, and then trim them again... If you get what I mean.
Wakana: Though, for you, it's probably fine as long as they don't get in the way? I don't pay much attention to mine, actually.
Shuuji: Yeah, but you have a pick... Anyway, I should focus on being able to play before I start worrying about my nails.
Wakana: Wanna resume practicing, then?
Shuuji: Yeah, please.
Wakana: Nn, nnngh! That was some good practice!
Shuuji: Sorry for bogging you down so much today.
Wakana: Nah, it's fine. I mean, I'm the one who got you wrapped up in this whole band thing in the first place.
Wakana: I really owe you one, actually.
Shuuji: You don't owe me a thing. I'm enjoying this.
Wakana: Oh, that's great!
Shuuji: ......
*Kariya smiles at me innocently.*
*We're decent friends and hang out at school a lot, but I've never really seen this side to her.*
*Normally, we just shoot the shit with Kaidou.*
*And, lately, I've been seeing her waitressing for her part-time job.*
*Every time I see a new side of Kariya, I realize just how shallow our friendship has been so far.*
Wakana: What is it? You've got a weird look on your face.
Shuuji: I was just thinking about how seriously you're taking this. I mean, I feel like I coerced you into this whole band thing.
Wakana: What, you're still worried about that?
Shuuji: Well, you were pretty against it, right? So I was just wondering why you're taking it so seriously now.
Wakana: *sigh* Good grief.
*Kariya shakes her head, looking utterly exasperated.*
Wakana: Sure, I didn't like the idea when it was first brought up, but that was just because of how embarrassing it was. I don't hate playing the guitar or anything.
Wakana: It might've looked like I was just baited by Kaidou's provocations, but part of me really does want to play in front of other people.
Wakana: Now that I'm doing this, I want to give it my all.
Wakana: So you don't have to worry. I'm not doing this out of kindness; I'm doing it for myself.
Shuuji: Really?
*It doesn't feel like Kariya is lying or forcing herself to say that.*
*She really does want to make this concert a success.*
*Okay... That just means I have to give this my all too!*
Wakana: Besides, you should take a look in the mirror before talking about me being serious.
Shuuji: Huh? Me?
Wakana: Yeah, you. You joined the OC, and now you're running all over the place solving other people's problems.
Wakana: If I'm being serious, then you're being super serious.
Shuuji: Well, people come to us looking for help. We can't just ignore them.
Wakana: That's what makes you so serious. You're not doing it for yourself like I am. You're doing it just to help people.
Shuuji: ......
*It's not exactly the case that I don't have my own motives.*
*On the surface, I just do it cause I'm a member of the OC.*
*But... I can't deny that helping other people out is fun.*
Wakana: So anyway, you can save the apologies and crap.
Wakana: Let's just concentrate on making this concert a success!
Shuuji: Yeah! I don't have the time to be worrying about that stuff, anyway. I gotta practice.
Wakana: Yeah, yeah. You've got this, Hoshina!
Shuuji: Thanks! Let's do this!
================================================================================
Hideaki: I'm really sorry for bailing on you guys yesterday.
Shuuji: Hm? Oh, don't worry about it.
Shuuji: Did you take care of whatever it was you had to do?
Hideaki: Yeah, I did. I'm totally ready for practice today! I need to make up for all the time I missed yesterday!
Shuuji: I'm glad you're psyched for this, but you don't need to worry about it. It's not like you missed yesterday on purpose. Besides, Kariya and I practiced together.
Hideaki: Just the two of you?
Shuuji: Yeah, with the help of the rhythm app on her phone.
Hideaki: Oh? How'd it go? Get any results?
Shuuji: Kinda. Kariya taught me a few things, and I learned how to play a few phrases. She's really good at teaching.
Hideaki: I see. Then maybe you should have her keep helping you today.
Shuuji: I wish I could, but she's got her part-time job.
Hideaki: Why do you know that?
Shuuji: Because she told me when I asked her to help me again today.
Shuuji: She's working fewer hours so she can focus on our concert, but apparently there are days where the cafe can't go without her.
Hideaki: Damn. I guess this is all kinda sudden, yeah. Not like you can just call in and tell work you're taking a week off after they've set up your schedule and everything.
Shuuji: Especially since she's the only employee at the cafe she works at.
Hideaki: Really? What kinda stuff does she do?
Shuuji: Just your standard waitress stuff. Oh, but get this...
Hideaki: ...? Get what?
Shuuji: Oh, uh, never mind.
*That was close. I almost let slip how cute she looks in her uniform.*
*That would've pissed her off for sure.*
*And I don't want to deal with an angry Kariya, what with all the practice we still need to do together.*
Shuuji: She did promise to help me a bit when she's done with work, though.
Hideaki: That so? Shouldn't we keep up our own practice and go to the studio after school, anyway?
Shuuji: Yeah, we should. Time isn't on our side here.
Hideaki: Glad you're not slacking off. Let's get a full practice session in today, then.
Hideaki: Kinda sucks that I have to go all the way to a studio to practice the drums, though...
Shuuji: Yeah, but what can you do? Drums are too damn loud to play anywhere else.
Shuuji: Not even our school's music room. It has normal windows and doors, so it isn't soundproof.
Hideaki: Tell me about it. And setting up a full drum set every time is such a pain.
Shuuji: I'll cover as much of the studio's cost as I can.
Hideaki: Thanks... Seriously, dude.
Shuuji: Speaking of, what are we gonna do about drums for the actual show?
Hideaki: I'll bring my set. I know someone who'll help me bring 'em here by car.
Shuuji: I feel kinda bad for forcing you to do that.
Hideaki: And you'll feel even worse if you screw up on stage, so make sure you practice. Lugging those things around comes with the job, anyway.
Shuuji: Yeah, I will.
Hideaki: Wow, you've gotten a lot better. Color me impressed.
Shuuji: I guess all I needed was some confidence.
Hideaki: Confidence is important, but make sure you don't get arrogant, you hear?
Shuuji: Yeah, I know.
Hideaki: Anyway, looks like our time's up for the day. The light's turned on.
Shuuji: Yeah.
Hideaki: Good work.
Shuuji: You too.
Hideaki: I'll be heading home, then.
Shuuji: I'm gonna go see Kariya and get in some more practice.
Hideaki: I'm glad you're motivated, but watch your fingers. We're screwed if something happens to them.
Shuuji: I know. I'm taking care of them.
*I've been trimming my nails, applying cream to any red spots and even using moisturizer.*
*It's a bit of a pain, but I've gotta do it.*
Hideaki: Make sure you review what we've done today, okay?
Shuuji: Yeah, I will.
Shuuji: And don't you go getting injured either. Make sure you keep both arms and at least one of your legs so you can still play, okay?
Hideaki: Sure thing. See ya tomorrow!
Shuuji: Later.
*Kaidou and I part with a light wave.*
*Now then, I'll head to the Schwarze Katze, and―*
Shuuji: Oh, I should call my dad first. Gotta tell him that I'll be home late today, so he should eat dinner without me.
Shuuji: I should drop by the bookstore too.
*There's a book I want to buy.*
Shuuji: Huh? It's already closed?
*The lights are on inside, but there's a closed sign on the door.*
*Did this place always close so early?*
*...Is it okay for me to go inside?*
*I hesitate for a moment, but I eventually decide to knock on the door.*
Wakana: Coming!
Wakana: Oh, it's you, Hoshina. I was wondering who'd bother to knock.
Shuuji: There's a closed sign on the door.
Wakana: Don't worry. You can come in.
Wakana: Just wait a sec. I'll be done finishing up in about five minutes. Feel free to sit at the counter.
Shuuji: Got it.
*Kariya gets back to mopping the floor.*
*She's all alone. I don't see Souma-san around at all.*
Shuuji: Where's Souma-san today?
Wakana: She said she had to go see the guy who brings us our coffee beans and tea leaves about something.
Wakana: So, even though I'm normally off by now, she's having me stay behind and clean up since she's out.
Shuuji: Want me to help?
Wakana: It's fine. It's not gonna take me more than five minutes. There's nothing for you to really help with.
Shuuji: Well, alright.
Wakana: Want me to make you a coffee?
Shuuji: Nah, I came here today for practice, not for coffee.
Shuuji: Oh, but it is okay for us to practice here without Souma-san?
Wakana: She said it's fine as long as we don't make too much noise or stay too late.
Shuuji: I see.
*Kariya's gotta get home too, so I don't want to keep her.*
Wakana: Okay, I just gotta do some stuff in the back. Call me if anything happens.
Shuuji: Will do.
*Kariya takes her mop and heads through the staff-only door.*
*Left alone inside the cafe, I take the book I just bought out of my bag.*
*Its title: "Bass Guitar for Morons"*
*I'm a little worried that, despite the title, it'll be too much for a complete novice like me, but Kariya's explanations yesterday were easy to understand.*
*So I'm pretty sure I'll be able to handle it.*
*I think I've got a pretty decent handle on the basics now, at the very least.*
*I decide to have a quick skim through it, saving a more thorough read-through for later.*
Shuuji: Hmm, hmm... I see.
*Yeah, this book seems great for beginners. Even I can understand it easily.*
Shuuji: But Kariya's explanations were even easier to understand than this.
Shuuji: Maybe she was combining what's in the book with her own experience.
*Doesn't look like just reading a book is gonna help me become an expert.*
Shuuji: But it'll probably be pretty useful for when I'm practicing on my own.
*Like when I'm trying to the perfect the bits I'm struggling with or reviewing what I've already learned.*
*As I look through the parts Kariya taught me yesterday, I play them out in my head.*
*I pass the time like this until Kariya comes trotting back.*
Wakana: Yo, sorry to keep you. I'm finally finish―
Wakana: Aahhh! Wh-Why do you have that book?! Give it back!
Shuuji: Huh? H-Hold on! Calm down! This isn't yours!
*Kariya charges at me with a bright red face.*
*Panicked, I put out my arms to stop her.*
*But in my panic, my leg gets caught in something and I lose my balance.*
Wakana: Awah, wawawawa?!
Shuuji: Hey, K-Kariya?!
Wakana, Shuuji: Waaaaah!Whoa!
*We collide head-on as I tumble from my chair.*
Shuuji: Ouch...
Wakana: Owwie...
Shuuji: K-Kariya... You okay?
Wakana: Ah, yeah... I think? What about you, Hoshina?
Shuuji: I think so. What the hell just happened...?
*I know that I fell off my chair, but how on Earth did I rotate around to end up in this position?*
Shuuji: Are you sure you're okay though, Kariya? I'm fine, but you're a lot smaller than me.
Wakana: Yeah. It doesn't hurt too bad, really...
Shuuji: Same here. Huh, wait... My finger feels a bit weird...
Wakana: Your finger?! Is it okay?! I'm really so...rry...?
*Kariya and I look each other in the eyes.*
*Time freezes.*
Wakana: ......
*Of course it would.*
*I fell onto the floor, and Kariya landed on top of me.*
*Her cute face is right up against mine. I think this is probably the first time I've seen a girl up close like this.*
*Being so close to a girl naturally makes me nervous, but what's making it worse is the strange sensation on my finger.*
*It's warm and soft... Just as I'm thinking I've never felt anything like this before, I realize... it's her ass.*
*The warm and soft object my hand is pressed against is Kariya's ass.*
*Somehow, my fingers got hooked around her panties, and the panties have slid pretty far down as a result.*
*One wrong move and I'll see something I'm never meant to see.*
Wakana: Aaaah?!
Wakana: This isn't okay at all!
Shuuji: Whoaaaa!
**snap**
*I pull back my hand in a panic. Kariya's panties then audibly snap back into place around her waist.*
*A-Are all girls' panties this elastic?! Why does it have to sound so erotic?!*
*While I'm lost in thought, I sense a rising tide of anger flowing out from the embarrassed Kariya.*
Wakana: Wh-Wh-Wh-What do you think you're doing?!
Shuuji: I'm sorry! It wasn't on purpose!
Shuuji: Please don't panic! You'll only make things worse!
Wakana: Huh?!
*Kariya tries to stand up, but with our legs tangled up, she loses balance immediately.*
Wakana: Whoa?!
Shuuji: Waah?!
*Squish!*
Wakana, Shuuji: Mmph?!
Wakana: ?!?!?!
*This time, Kariya manages to stand up properly.*
*I slowly get up after her.*
Shuuji: ......
*S-Something just smacked into my lips and teeth just now.*
*It was only a light impact, but there's still a dull pain and a mild throbbing on my mouth.*
*Did our lips just touch...?*
*With my heart racing, I look over to Kariya to confirm.*
Wakana: ......
*I awkwardly bring my hand to my lips. We're both dead silent.*
*That was... a kiss, right?*
*Kariya and I... just kissed?*
Wakana: U-Umm... Hoshina―
Shuuji: I'M SORRY!
Wakana: Huh?! Wh-What for?!
Shuuji: Well, uh, for getting my hand stuck in your panties.
Wakana: O-Ohh! That! It's fine! Well, it's not fine! But, well, it was my fault for charging at you!
Wakana: And don't mention the panties! Just forget about it already!
Shuuji: I-I'm really sorry. A-And... also...
Wakana: Ah...
Wakana, Shuuji: ......
*The two of us fall silent.*
*I'm pretty sure Kariya knows what I'm trying to say.*
*She's probably worrying about what she should do to apologize.*
*But if we want to move past this, we'll have to acknowledge what just happened.*
Shuuji: U-Umm, I really am sorry. Was that... your first kiss?
Wakana: Don't ask me that... dumbass.
Shuuji: ...Sorry.
Wakana: *sigh*
Wakana: It's fine, don't worry about it. We'll just say it was an act of god. And really, it's my fault, anyway.
Wakana: I guess that makes us even for what you did with your hand. Let's just forget about this incident, already.
Shuuji: Y-Yeah. That's for the best.
*If we worry about this too much, it might cause problems in our friendship.*
*And, well, it was just an accident.*
*Anyway, what is this emotion I'm sensing?*
Wakana: ......
*It's some kind of sweetness I've never experienced before... But with a hint of medicine, and some bitterness.*
*This is a new taste for me, so I dunno if I can adequately explain it, but... it's sort of like drinking medicine alongside a flat soda.*
*What is this... These feelings are definitely coming from Kariya, but they're so complicated I can't work them out.*
*It doesn't feel malicious. The medicinal taste usually happens due to some sort of lie, but what's with this sweetness?*
*Is it because of the kiss, or something else entirely?*
Wakana: U-Umm...
Shuuji: Huh? Wh-What?
Wakana: What was up with that?
Shuuji: What was up with what...?
Wakana: The book you were reading. The one about the bass.
Shuuji: O-Oh, this?
*I pick up the book that had fallen to the floor next to us.*
Shuuji: I bought it before coming here. Thought it would be helpful for when you and Kaidou aren't around.
Wakana: O-Oh, is that it? Man, I was sure that... Oh, uh, never mind.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Sorry. To be honest, I was copying you.
Wakana: Copying me...? Huh? H-How do you know about that?
Shuuji: I saw the title of the book in your bag yesterday. It's not like I was riffling through your bag or anything, though!
Shuuji: I just happened to see it when your bag was open! I swear!
Wakana: I believe you. I know you wouldn't ever do that, Hoshina.
Wakana: But... Right, I guess you found me out.
Shuuji: Sorry. But your explanations were really easy to understand, so I thought it would be a good idea to buy the book too.
Wakana: You didn't look on purpose, right? It's fine.
Wakana: Still embarrassing, though. I talked big, but I really just learned it all from a book.
Shuuji: It's nothing to be embarrassed about. I'm really grateful. You went out of your way to study that book for me... right?
Wakana: I guess. Figured the least I could do was give you some advice, so I studied up.
Wakana: I also asked my dad for help. He was mainly a guitarist, but he also dabbled in the bass, so I got him to teach me the basics.
Shuuji: Ahh, so that's why your lessons were so easy to understand.
Wakana: Well... I guess so...
Wakana: ......
Wakana: Ahh, geez! This is so embarrassing! This not who I am at all!
Shuuji: It's not...? Are you self-conscious about this kind of stuff?
Wakana: Yeah, I am. I try not to worry about my image too much, but everyone has sides to them they don't want other people seeing, right?
Shuuji: Yeah, true that.
Wakana: Like, I don't want it to seem like I'm secretly hard-working or the kind and meddling type!
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Pfft, are you serious?
Wakana: Don't laugh at me, dumbass!
Shuuji: Sorry, but... Hehehe, I always thought you worked pretty hard, anyway.
Wakana: Huh? You did?
*She got a part-time job to save up for the guitar she wanted.*
*And she's been practicing it for ages, all for her own satisfaction.*
Shuuji: Yeah, I've always thought that. I just figured the part you didn't want anyone seeing was how cute you look in this uniform.
Wakana: H-Hey!
Shuuji: You look good in it. It really is cute, y'know?
Wakana: ~~~~~~~~! Hoshina you dumbass! I'm going to get changed!
*Kariya punches me in the shoulder before flying through the staff-only door.*
Shuuji: Maybe I got carried away there?
*I hope she's still not pissed when she comes back.*
*But at least I got rid of the awkwardness from the whole kissing thing.*
Shuuji: This is far more like us... Yeah.
Shuuji: Now then, time to get on with practice.
*I get out my bass and start doing some finger stretches.*
*Kariya might have one hell of a temper, but she's still a wonderful friend to have.*
================================================================================
Wakana: Oh, good morning, Hoshina.
Shuuji: M-Morning, Kariya.
Wakana: Sleep well last night?
Shuuji: Lately, I've just been passing out the moment I get into bed.
Wakana: That just shows how hard you're practicing. At least you're getting enough rest.
Shuuji: True that.
*Trying to balance both practice and housework is tiring as hell.*
*But I'm not getting sick of it just yet.*
*I'm still pumped about practicing.*
Shuuji: But still...
Wakana: What, something wrong?
Shuuji: Falling asleep isn't a problem, but I've been sleeping a lot less lately.
Shuuji: It's not gonna be pretty if I lose any more sleep.
Wakana: Oh... This'll all be for nothing if you get sick. 
Wakana: Maybe we should try making our practice more efficient?
Shuuji: Is that possible?
Wakana: Dunno. But I can at least ask my dad.
Shuuji: Thanks. I'd appreciate it.
Wakana: It's fine. It would suck for me too if you got sick now.
*Kariya says that with a grin.*
*As much as she complains about it not being in-character for her, she really is a nice girl.*
*At any rate, I'm glad she's acting normally. To be honest, I was a little nervous about the whole kiss thing.*
*But Kariya seems to have brushed it off as an accident and isn't letting it bother her. Which means I shouldn't let it bother me either.*
Hideaki: Yo, Shuuji, Wakana-chan. Morning.
Wakana: Morning, Kaidou.
Shuuji: Morning.
Hideaki: Why are you two together this morning? Did you stay up all night and have to do the walk of shame together?
Wakana: Huh? Like hell we did.
Shuuji: Yeah. Could you stop being such a moron?
Hideaki: That's what I thought. But seeing you two together makes me want to screw with you.
Hideaki: Besides, you two have spent the past two days practicing together, right?
Shuuji: Yeah. We've been practicing hard.
Hideaki: Yeah, but a boy and girl spending time alone together? Perhaps she put her hand over yours while helping you play bass. Then your fingers interlock, and your hearts start pounding...
Hideaki: Nothing like that happen at all?
Wakana: Of course it didn't. I mean, we touched hands, but that was strictly for teaching reasons.
Hideaki: Then you didn't end up cuddling or making out?
Wakana: I'm telling you, of course not!
Hideaki: ......
Hideaki: Why're you blushing?
Wakana: Huh? Oh, uh...
*H-Huh? What's with her reaction? She's clearly embarrassed.*
*Does this mean that she hasn't been able to forget about the kiss either?*
*I guess it's not the kind of thing you can just forget overnight.*
Hideaki: Even your ears are red.
Wakana: I-It's nothing!
Hideaki: Why are you averting your eyes? Something happened, didn't it?
Wakana: No it didn't! Nothing happened! Knock it off!
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: I'll just be heading to my seat...
Hideaki: Hold it! What happened yesterday?
Shuuji: Uh... Nothing, really.
Hideaki: "Nothing" is what got Wakana-chan in this state? You two fuck or something?
Shuuji: D-Don't be so vulgar!
Hideaki: Then what's got her blushing like a little girl, then? I mean... Wait, don't tell me you actually did?
Shuuji: No, we didn't. We're not going out. We didn't fuck. We didn't do anything like you're suggesting!
*I mean, she did fall on top of me, and I did get my hand stuck in her panties, and we did bump lips.*
*But that's all.*
Shuuji: Our relationship is the same as it's ever been.
Wakana: Y-Yeah! Exactly the same! Stop being such a pain in the ass, Kaidou!
Wakana: We spent yesterday practicing... Practicing really, really hard!
Hideaki: That's why you won't look me in the eyes?
Wakana: S-Stop nitpicking the minor details!
Shuuji: Y-Yeah! It's really nothing! I-I'll show you just how much I improved after school.
Hideaki: I dunno if I'm being too distrustful or if you two really are acting suspicious, but... whatever.
Hideaki: Look, I'm not trying to get in the way of you two going out or being fuck buddies or whatever.
Hideaki: It's just not the right time currently. That kind of relationship will get in the way of our practice.
Wakana: I get what you're trying to say, Kaidou, but there's no need to worry.
Shuuji: Yeah, chill out.
Hideaki: Then why are you two bright red?
Wakana: Sh-Sh-Shuddup! If I say it's nothing, it's nothing! Anyway, sorry, but I've got work today! So have fun after school you two!
Hideaki: Yeah, yeah.
*Kariya pokes Kaidou in the chest before going to her seat.*
Hideaki: Is there really nothing going on between you two? You're acting kinda weird.
Hideaki: Your secret's safe with me, dude, so don't hide it.
Shuuji: There's really nothing.
Hideaki: ...Okay. That's good to hear.
Hideaki: Just don't go screwing up our concert now that we've come this far, okay?
Shuuji: I won't.
Hideaki: And don't start slacking with practice either.
Shuuji: I won't do that, either.
Hideaki: Great. Let's keep working hard.
Shuuji: Yeah.
*I nod at Kaidou then take my seat.*
Shuuji: ......
*For no real reason, I look over at Kariya.*
*Then...*
Wakana: *glance*
Wakana: Ah! Ah...
Shuuji: ......
*Our eyes meet when I look over at her.*
*She immediately looks away and then brings a hand up to her lips.*
Shuuji: *gulp*
*What's going on? Why did that one subtle movement seem so... erotic?*
*We were talking normally until we got to the classroom... Then Kaidou made us all self-conscious about what happened yesterday.*
*Gah. Just act normal, Shuuji.*
*The more I think about it, the more vivid the feeling on my lips and the pain in my teeth becomes in my mind. I quickly find myself unable to look at Kariya anymore.*
*The rest of the school day passes without me talking to her once.*
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun, do you have band practice again today?
Shuuji: Yeah, but I figured I'll stop by the clubroom first.
Tsumugi: You're working really hard.
Shuuji: I feel bad about leaving the OC a man down, though.
Tsumugi: Don't worry about it. We're only getting people looking for some fortune telling. How's your practice coming along?
Shuuji: I'm getting there... I think? I'm working pretty hard at it, at least.
Tsumugi: Ahaha. Well, don't overwork yourself.
Shuuji: I won't. Wait... Where'd Kariya go?
Tsumugi: Huh? Oh, she's not here. Maybe she already went home?
Shuuji: Huh? That's no good... I'll head to the clubroom in a bit, okay?
Tsumugi: Oh, okay. I'll let Ayachi-san know.
*After changing my plans with the club, I dash out of the classroom.*
*I have to catch Kariya before she leaves.*
Shuuji: Kariya!
Wakana: Nn!
Shuuji: Wait a second... *pant* *pant*
Wakana: Wh-What is it?
Shuuji: After you're done with work for the day, do you think that, maybe... you could help me practice?
Wakana: Huh? A-Again?
Shuuji: Yeah. There's not much time before the performance. You're, err... not gonna say it's too awkward, are you?
Wakana: ......
Wakana: Umm... D-Did something happen... to make it awkward?
Shuuji: Well...
Wakana: ......
*Is this her way of telling me to hurry up and forget about it?*
*She's got a point. At this rate, it really will get in the way of our practice.*
*It was just an accident, so maybe it would be best if we forgot it ever happened.*
Wakana: Sorry, that was wrong.
Shuuji: Huh? What was?
Wakana: I mean... it is awkward. Us pretending it never happened is just gonna make things worse, isn't it?
Shuuji: ...Yeah. I don't think we need to pretend it didn't happen. It's not like we did anything wrong.
Wakana: Y-Yeah! It was an accident. A total accident!
Wakana: And anyway, we should be focusing on practice! We don't have the time to be thinking about such a silly accident!
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Yeah, you're right! We need to focus on practice!
Wakana: Okay, that's a promise!
Wakana: Though... I still do have work today, sorry.
Wakana: But I'm happy to help you practice when I'm done!
Shuuji: Great, thanks.
Wakana: Yeah! Later!
*Kariya runs off with a smile on her face.*
Shuuji: We don't have time to be thinking about stupid things, huh?
*I felt the slight taste of a lie coming from Kariya when she said that.*
*With the kind of medicinal taste it was, maybe it was more of an attempt at deception than an outright lie.*
Shuuji: Well, it's not like I really know how to deal with this, either. I'm pretty much in the same boat as her.
Shuuji: Alright!
*I slap my cheeks to pump myself up.*
Shuuji: Kariya's right! Practice, practice, practice!
================================================================================
Shuuji: Mm, mmnn... Oh, it's morning...?
*For these last few days, it's like morning has been arriving the moment I switch off the lights.*
*That's just how deeply I've been sleeping.*
Shuuji: Better get up and get ready. *yaaaawn*
Shuuji: Dad, are you working today? It's the weekend.
Taichi: Yeah, but only for half the day.
Shuuji: Sorry to do this, but could you eat out for dinner or something?
Taichi: Of course... More guitar stuff today?
Shuuji: Bass, actually.
Taichi: It's all the same to me. More band practice, then?
Shuuji: Yeah. We'll be at a small studio we rented. I dunno when we'll be finished.
Taichi: Sure thing. You're working hard at this, Son. I'm proud of you. It's rare to see you this motivated about anything.
Shuuji: Yeah, I guess...
Taichi: You having fun with the bass, then?
Shuuji: Honestly, not especially... But it's a really rewarding experience.
*I don't think I'd be this serious about it if I picked up this hobby on my own. In fact, I'm sure I'd have gotten bored of it by now.*
*But Kariya is working hard to teach me.*
*I don't want to let her down.*
Taichi: Guess it's a bit like how I am with work.
Taichi: Well anyway, I'll sort something out for dinner myself.
Shuuji: Thanks.
Taichi: So, have you gotten good yet? The performance is pretty soon, right?
Shuuji: ...Don't even ask.
*I might have gotten better, but I'm still not very confident.*
*That's why I have to make the most of the time I have remaining.*
*Time to get my ass to the studio and practice with Kariya!*
Wakana: Oh, hey, Hoshina!
Wakana: Sorry, have you been waiting long?
Shuuji: Nah, just got here myself. You booked the studio, yeah?
Wakana: Yeah, I did. We're a bit early, though. Wanna head in?
Shuuji: Yeah, let's.
*And so begins another private lesson with Kariya.*
*We practice hard, using the phone app to keep our rhythm like usual.*
*I've gotten to the point where I can play without constantly looking at the score.*
*And I'm screwing up a lot less too.*
*I'm feeling pretty good about myself now. Even I can see how just how far I've come through all my hard work.*
Shuuji: ......
Wakana: Yeah, that's pretty good. You're just about ready.
Shuuji: Yeah, but this is just practice. I dunno what the real thing will be like...
Shuuji: I'll try not to get so nervous that my hands tremble, at the very least.
Wakana: You'll be fine. Kaidou and I will be there too.
Wakana: If anything happens, we're all in the same boat. You're not gonna have to take all the blame yourself, so there's no need to be so nervous.
Shuuji: I know that, but...
*Knowing that only makes me more nervous, really...*
Wakana: Anyway, let's take a break, okay? There's such thing as focusing too hard, you know?
Shuuji: ...Do I look that nervous to you?
Wakana: Your face is all tense. I know that's 'cause you're worried about the performance, but agonizing over it isn't gonna help.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Yeah. You're right, Kariya.
*I let out a breath and sit back in a folding chair.*
*Kariya sits opposite me and stares directly at me.*
Shuuji: ...What?
Wakana: You really have changed, Hoshina.
Shuuji: Yeah, I know... Why bring it up now?
Wakana: Well, I just can't believe you've become so soft-hearted.
Wakana: You weren't even interested in music, but the OC needed help, so here you are working your ass off for them.
Shuuji: I guess I wasn't too interested at first, but playing the bass is pretty fun. Besides, it's not like I can quit now.
Shuuji: So it's not like you owe me anything. Half the reason I'm doing this is that I want to.
Shuuji: Also, you're practicing just as hard as me.
Wakana: Yeah, but I like playing, and I want a chance to play for an audience.
Shuuji: But you didn't at first, right?
Shuuji: So I feel like I need to thank you in some way, regardless of how the performance goes.
Wakana: You don't need to do that.
Shuuji: Of course I do. Is there anything you want? Or something you want me to do?
Wakana: As thanks, huh...
Shuuji: Oh, but don't say you want an expensive new guitar or something.
Wakana: I won't. If I wanted one of those, I'd buy it myself. That's why I still have my part-time job.
Shuuji: Ahh, right. That's true. Then, hmm...
Wakana: Anyway, thanks for the offer. I'll think it over.
Shuuji: Cool.
Shuuji: Alright, that's enough sitting around.
Wakana: Okay. What do you wanna do? Stop for the day?
Shuuji: No. Before that, let's do one more―Argh!
Wakana: What's wrong?
*A dull pain shoots through a finger on my left hand when I go to pick up my bass.*
Wakana: Have you hurt yourself? C'mon, show me your finger.
Shuuji: Ah!
*Kariya grabs my hand and turns it over so she can see my palm.*
*A frown appears on her face the moment she sees my fingers.*
Wakana: You've got blisters.
Shuuji: Yeah, guess my skin hasn't hardened yet.
Wakana: You have to be more careful. You can't practice if your skin peels off. In fact, it might even mess up the real performance.
Shuuji: I was trying to be careful...
Shuuji: You think I might be putting too much pressure on my fingers?
Wakana: Not at all. It varies from person to person, but this is pretty normal. Anyway, we'll stop here for today.
Wakana: And don't go practicing when you get home. You can't do that while you're injured. Understand?
Shuuji: But we don't have much time.
Wakana: UN-DER-STAND?
Shuuji: ...I understand, yes.
Wakana: Okay, that's a promise, then.
Wakana: Anyway, I'll treat you, so sit right there.
Shuuji: Huh? How?
Wakana: Just sit down!
Shuuji: Y-Yes ma'am!
*Defeated by Kariya's vigor, I take my seat.*
Wakana: Just wait a moment.
Wakana: Sorry, but could we borrow a lighter and a needle?
Wakana: Sheesh... I can't believe you were practicing with your fingers like this. Don't do it again.
Shuuji: I'm sorry. But it actually didn't hurt that much. That's why I thought it was fine to keep playing.
Wakana: You're meant to take breaks before you reach your limit.
*She pops my blisters with a needle, then she applies some ointment on them before bandaging my fingers.*
Wakana: This cream was recommended to me by my dad. I really like it. It works well.
Shuuji: Does this happen to you too, Kariya?
Wakana: It did a long time ago, but not anymore. As long as I take care of my fingers, that is.
Wakana: I'm... I'm sorry. I should have noticed sooner, or at least told you how to take care of your fingers.
Shuuji: Oh, Kaidou's friend actually told me all about that. I've been doing it too.
Wakana: I see. But I still had you practice enough to hurt your fingers...
Wakana: ......
*Kariya continues diligently treating my fingers.*
*Her touch is gentle so as not to hurt me.*
*She... sure is a girl. Her hands are so soft... They're completely different from a man's.*
Shuuji: ......
*You know... I think this is the first time a girl has ever touched me like this.*
*With my head filled with such thoughts, I continue gazing at Kariya's hands.*
Wakana: ...What?
Shuuji: Oh, uh... Nothing, really. I was just thinking about how soft your hands are.
Wakana: Wha?! D-Don't go getting any funny ideas just 'cause I'm treating your injuries...
Shuuji: I wasn't! Your hands are just so soft that I'm having a hard time imagining you not getting blisters.
Wakana: Ohh... It took a long time of practicing, popping blisters, then back to practice. Look.
*Kariya presses one of her fingertips into my palm.*
*It's still sort of soft, but there's a hard bulge there too.*
*No, not quite hard... It's more like her skin is thicker there.*
Shuuji: Will I get like this too?
Wakana: Probably, if you keep on playing after the party.
Shuuji: After the party... We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
*Right now, I need to focus on getting good enough for the party.*
Wakana: Anyway, that's it for today. You can't press the strings like this.
Wakana: Preferably, you'd take two or three days off...
Shuuji: We don't have time.
Wakana: ...But you're done for if you hurt your fingers any more. You can't, Hoshina.
*Kariya brings her face to mine as if she's ordering me.*
*And then, our eyes meet.*
Wakana: Ah...
Shuuji: G-Got it.
Wakana: Okay...
*W-We're pretty close together.*
*Staring into a girl's eyes is embarrassing, and yet...*
*I'm frozen in place, unable to look away from Kariya's beautiful eyes.*
**badump* *badump**
*My body is frozen, but my heart's a different story.*
*It's pounding violently, trying to breathe life back into my rigid body.*
*It's beating so hard it almost hurts.*
Wakana: ......
*Neither Kariya or I look away.*
*Her face is growing red, and with the emotions I'm sensing, I can tell that her heart is pounding just as hard as mine.*
Shuuji: (Kariya's heart is... pounding too?)
*Our hearts are racing as one.*
*My heartbeat and Kariya's... are in unison...*
*In unison, synchronized, beating as one.*
*The taste of her flustered heart fills my mouth.*
*And... it's not a bad taste.*
Shuuji: Ah... Err... Umm...
Wakana: I think you're pressing down too hard on the strings. I'm sure that's something you'll get used to in time.
*In stark contrast to my stuttering, Kariya's voice is as calm as ever.*
*But the taste of her flustered heart still remains.*
Shuuji: ......
*This taste is due to my ability... but what of our hearts beating as one?*
*Is my heartbeat being transmitted to Kariya by my power somehow, or are we actually in sync?*
*If possible, I'd like to make sure...*
Wakana: Okay! I'm done treating you!
*Kariya slaps my palm then stands up.*
*It almost looks like she's trying to escape from something... Am I imagining that?*
Wakana: I'll give you this ointment. I have extra back at home.
Shuuji: Oh, thanks.
Wakana: Don't mention it. You gotta take care of your fingers.
Shuuji: Of course. The party's really close, after all. Anyway, I'm really glad I had you with me today. You were a huge help.
Shuuji: I wish I could do something to thank you.
Wakana: What, you're still going on about that? You really don't have to.
Wakana: Aren't you a little too desperate to thank me?
Shuuji: ...Yeah, I guess you're right.
*But still, I owe her for practicing, for treating my injuries and for helping out with the party.*
*There are like a million things I should thank her for at this point.*
Wakana: But, if you really want to thank me that badly, then... there is one thing I can think of.
Shuuji: Oh? What is it? I'll do anything I can.
Wakana: ...Okay.
Wakana: Let's do it again.
Shuuji: Do what again? The first aid?
Wakana: The kiss.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: ...Come again?
Wakana: I said, "the kiss."
*"Let's do it again"... "The kiss"... Wait a minute...*
Shuuji: H-Hey, at least make your jokes funny if you're gonna mess around. You'll give me a heart attack.
Wakana: I wasn't really joking...
Wakana: I mean, that accident happened so quickly that I'm not even sure if we did it or not. And our teeth clanked together, so it hurt a lot.
Wakana: That kinda sucks for a first kiss, don'tcha think?
Shuuji: I get what you're saying, but, like... You wanna do it again...?
Shuuji: Are you sure about this, Kariya?
Wakana: About what?
Shuuji: About doing it with me.
Wakana: Well, I mean... You're the one I had that kiss with. It'd be pointless to redo it with someone else.
Wakana: And who would even accept a do-over kiss I first had with someone else?
Shuuji: Well... Good point.
*She can only bring this up with me since we had that accident together.*
*...Wait a minute. I feel like there are some holes in her logic, here.*
*I can feel her pounding heart in my own doubt-filled chest.*
Wakana: ......
*Kariya is looking straight at me, her face bright red.*
*That figures... Bringing up this topic must be really embarrassing for her.*
*And if I reject her now... that'll only make her more embarrassed.*
*...Okay, I know what I have to do.*
Shuuji: Is this really the way you want me to thank you?
Wakana: Yes, it's really the way I want you to thank me.
Shuuji: ...Okay then. If you insist.
Wakana: Yeah, heh... Thanks.
*Kariya stands firm before me.*
*I grab hold of her shoulders.*
Wakana: O-Ohh... I'm kinda nervous now that you're actually holding my shoulders.
Wakana: Like, you have such a manly grip...
*I don't have the mental capacity to respond to what she just said.*
*A kiss... She wants a kiss...?*
*This won't be an accident like last time. We'll both be doing this on purpose.*
*If an accidental kiss got me flustered... What's a proper kiss going to do to me?*
*I might really fall for her.*
*My heart now pounds faster in my chest.*
*Whoa... It's really beating fast. Almost painfully fast. I wonder if she can hear it.*
Wakana: ......
*What's going on with Kariya? Is she feeling the same as me?*
*If she is, then... will this kiss change things for us?*
Shuuji: Are you ready?
Wakana: Bring it on!
Shuuji: ......
Wakana: What's with that look?
Shuuji: You sounded like you were gearing up for a fight, not a kiss.
Wakana: Then... don't mind if I do?
Shuuji: I think that's supposed to be my line.
Wakana: Just smooch me already!
Shuuji: ......
Wakana: What, you don't like that, either? What do you want me to say, then?
Shuuji: Argh, that's enough. Just be quiet.
Wakana: Whoa, you don't have to look so dejected.
Shuuji: Let's just do this.
Wakana: Yeah... Okay.
*Kariya closes her eyes and stands up on her tiptoes.*
*And then slowly and gently, I bring my lips together with hers.*
Wakana: Mmpah... Mm, mm, mmph...
*Whoa, so soft...*
*This is nothing like last time when we bumped into each other. We're bringing our lips together in an actual kiss.*
*I can feel every sensation vividly.*
*The springiness. The softness. The warmth...*
*It feels so good that I can't resist continuing.*
Wakana: Mm, mmpah, mmph... *kiss* Mm, mmm...
*Kariya accepts my kisses, seemingly enjoying them as much as I am.*
*Ah... This sweet taste...*
*This is the taste of a first kiss. Not sour like a lemon, but impossibly sweet.*
*Wait, no. It's sweet, but there's still a slight medicine-like bitterness.*
*Is this sweetness not the kiss, but how Kariya's feeling right now?*
*Sweetness and a medicinal bitterness... Oh, but the bitterness is fading away, leaving mostly the sweet taste remaining in my mouth.*
Wakana: Mmph, mm, mmm... *kiss* *kiss* Mm, mmph...
*Between kisses, Kariya's hot breath tickles my lips.*
*The softness of our kiss, and this sweet taste, feel oh-so-pleasant.*
*This is a real kiss... The excitement is spreading from my chest to my nether regions.*
Shuuji: Mm, mm... Mmph!
Wakana: Mm... *kiss* *kiss* Mm, mmpah, mmph... Mm, mmm... Pwah, haah...
*Finding it hard to breathe, I part our lips.*
*In response, Kariya returns to her normal posture as well.*
Wakana: Ahh... I see. So this is what a kiss feels like.
Wakana: Can we say today was our first kiss?
Shuuji: If you're fine with that.
Wakana: Yeah. Thanks!
Shuuji: No, thank you.
*Who knew kissing felt so good?*
*All I felt last time was the pain from bumping our teeth together.*
Wakana: Anyway... I never knew kisses were like this. Now I know why all those young couples can't get off each other before boarding their trains.
Shuuji: I think it's a bit improper to do that in public, personally.
Wakana: Well, yeah. I think so too, but now I understand why they want to do it. Like, that felt really good.
Shuuji: ......
*What's a girl doing, saying that an emotionless kiss feels good?*
*Not that I disagree.*
Wakana: I can't believe it was so good...
Wakana: ......
Wakana: I wanna do it again.
Shuuji: Huh?!
Wakana: I wanna kiss again.
Shuuji: Again? But...
Wakana: I didn't specify the number of kisses before, did I?
Shuuji: No, you didn't, but...
Wakana: Besides, you haven't fulfilled your side of the deal yet.
Shuuji: Huh? Why not? I kissed you properly.
Wakana: Not with your tongue, though.
Shuuji: With my tongue?! You mean like... a French kiss?!
Wakana: The ones where the tongues go all slobbery over each other.
Shuuji: ...Do people do that for a first kiss?
Wakana: Some do, if they want to.
Wakana: And since you're thanking me, you should be doing what I want, right?
Shuuji: Well, I guess you have a point.
*Kariya's looking up at me, her eyes deadly serious.*
*She's not just saying this to tease me, that much is clear.*
Shuuji: ...You sure about this?
Wakana: You a germophobe or something? I won't force you if you really don't want to.
Wakana: ...But aren't you interested in French kissing?
Shuuji: I think you know the answer to that.
Wakana: Then it's fine. What kind of man doesn't accept a woman's advances, anyway?
*I'm not entirely sure that's something a woman is meant to say.*
*But... she's right. I am interested in French kissing.*
*If a normal kiss feels so good, then what's a French kiss feel like?*
*My face grows redder by the second as I think about this.*
*...Yet Kariya doesn't seem fazed by this one bit.*
Shuuji: Then... If you're sure, I'm gonna do it.
Wakana: Hit me with it.
*Yet another mood killer from her.*
*But I don't let it get to me.*
*I want to French kiss her so badly...*
*That powerful desire pushes my face closer to Kariya's.*
*She fearlessly gets onto her tiptoes, then...*
Wakana: Ahm, mm, mmpah... Mm, mmph, mm... *slurp* *lick* Mm, mmhaah, mmph...
*A moment after our lips touch, I slide my tongue forth.*
*Kariya trembles for a second, but accepts it nonetheless.*
*In fact, it's more proactive than that. She coils her tongue back around my own.*
Wakana: Haah, mm, mmph... *lick* *lick* Mm, mmph... *kiss* Mmpwaah! Shit... *lick* *slurp* French kissing feels better than I expected... *kiss*
Shuuji: Kariya, stick your tongue out more.
Wakana: Mm... Like dish? Aah... Mm, mmph. *lick* *slurp* Mm, mm, mmm, mmmph!
*She opens her mouth and extends her cute pink tongue.*
*I entwine my own tongue around hers and start sucking on it.*
Wakana: Mm, mm, mmph! Mmpahh, mm, mmph... *lick* *slurp* Mm, mmph, mm! *slurp* *lick* Mm, mmpahh, mmm... Mm, mmph!
*Not wanting to lose, Kariya sucks on my tongue in return.*
*The act of wrapping our tongues around each other feels incredible.*
*You could never get this kind of pleasure from just pressing your lips together. So this is a French kiss...*
Wakana: *kiss* *slurp* Mm, mmph! *kiss* *kiss* *slurp* Mmm, mmph... *slurp* Mm, mmm!
Wakana: *pant* *pant* Mm, mmph... *pant* *pant* What is this...? Ahh, mmph... *kiss* *kiss* Mm, mmph!
Shuuji: Your breath is so hot, Kariya.
Wakana: Mmpahh... But, mm, mmph! Our tongues are entwined...
*Her reactions show how much more she's enjoying this kiss than the last one.*
*Even her eyes seem slack with pleasure.*
Wakana: Mmhaah, haah... Mmmph... *kiss* *slurp* Mm, mmph! *kiss* Mm, mmph, mmhaah! Wait―
*I feel a new emotion coming from her.*
*The previous medicinal bitterness is completely gone, leaving nothing but pure sweetness accompanied by the numbing pleasure from our connected tongues.*
*But the pleasure of our French kiss goes straight to my head, preventing me from thinking about that too deeply.*
*And not just my head. My lower half is getting excited as well.*
Shuuji: *slurp* Mm, mm, mmm...
Wakana: Mm, mmm, mmph?! Mm, mmph! *kiss* *slurp* Mm, mmph, mm, mmm!
Wakana: Shtop! Mmm, wait! Mm, mmph! Mm, mm, mmmmm!
Shuuji: Mm? Mm, pwaah! *pant* *pant* S-Sorry. I got a bit carried away there.
Wakana: Oh, it's okay. So did I... But, that's enough... *pant* *pant*
Shuuji: Oh... right. For a moment, I didn't think I'd be able to stop... *pant* *pant*
*Our faces are bright red, and our breathing is ragged.*
*Kariya's feet are turned inward and she's squirming about.*
Shuuji: Well, was it good?
Wakana: I think so. I-It felt really good.
Shuuji: Are you okay with having that as your first kiss?
Wakana: Yeah. It was better than I could've hoped for. Thank you.
Shuuji: R-Right. Glad you liked it.
*Kariya smiles bashfully.*
**badump**
*My heart pounds for a different reason this time.*
*It's not from nerves. It's like Kariya's smile has directly grabbed hold of my heart.*
Wakana: I feel kinda strange. Like I can't settle down... even though I asked for this.
*My heart pounds at the sight of Kariya looking down at the floor and fidgeting.*
Wakana: Kissing feels good, but it's pretty embarrassing, huh? Ahaha.
*Everything about her is so cute.*
*The way she blushes, the way she squirms around in embarrassment... I can't look away.*
*Normally, Kariya would try to cover up her embarrassment, but I guess it's too much for her this time.*
Shuuji: ...Pfft! Ahaha!
Wakana: Hey, what the hell are you laughing for?!
Shuuji: No real reason. Just thinking how cute you are.
*The way she just tried to pretend she was calm was so cute.*
*Then the way she got all panicked at my laughter was cute too.*
*Pretty much everything she does looks cute to me right now.*
*Maybe I've actually fallen for her...?*
Wakana: How the hell can this dumbass act so calm... This is all your fault!
Shuuji: Ngh?!
*Out of nowhere, Kariya grabs hold of my collar and yanks me toward her.*
*And the next moment, I feel something soft pressed up against my lips.*
Wakana: Mm, mmpah. Mmph, mm, mmmmpah.
*It's a surprise kiss. I'm taken so off guard that all my thought processes stop for a moment.*
*At the same, time an avalanche of emotions comes cascading into me.*
*Wh-What the?! This is far more intense than it was before.*
*It's sweet, burning and paralyzing―far stronger than just moments ago. So strong that for a moment, I'm utterly overwhelmed and unable to think.*
Wakana: Mmph, mmm... Mmmmmpwah! Hahh!
Shuuji: *pant* *pant* Wh-What was that?!
Wakana: Heheh. Trying to act all calm left you exposed. That was a bonus kiss.
Shuuji: Ah...
*The shy smile on her face is like nothing I've ever seen before.*
*She's so cute that I start to feel dizzy.*
*Or maybe I'm feeling dizzy because I'm unable to deal with all the emotions from her swirling around within me.*
Wakana: Hey, are you okay?! S-Sorry, did I do something I shouldn't have?
*I stumble a bit, and Kariya comes over to help me.*
Shuuji: No, it's fine. This is no big deal.
Wakana: But you almost fell over! Just look at your―Ah!
*Kariya's gaze stops halfway down as she was trying to look at my feet.*
*I follow her eyes down, and... Wait, what the heck is that bulge?!*
Wakana: Oh, so that's what it is, huh?
Shuuji: Whoa! N-N-N-No, this isn't what it looks like!
Wakana: Yeah, yeah. Of course it isn't.
Wakana: I get it. Now let's go home. Look, the indicator's on. Our time's up.
Shuuji: Gah...
*If we stay and argue here, we'll be charged an extension fee.*
*And so we leave the studio without another word.*
Wakana: Guys sure aren't picky, are they?
Shuuji: No, that wasn't―
Wakana: Wasn't what I think it was? Then what was it?
Shuuji: Well...
Shuuji: Fine, you win! But any guy would have ended up like that! Any guy!
Wakana: Look at you getting defiant with your face bright red. Uhehe.
Shuuji: ......
Wakana: But yeah, I guess any guy would react that way...
Shuuji: Huh?
*Kariya mutters out that last part.*
*At the same time, another avalanche of emotions overwhelms me.*
*My heart is pounding, and my body feels like it's on fire.*
*But also, I sense confusion... I think? There's some bitterness and some sourness. Why are there negative emotions here?*
*Sh-She didn't dislike the kiss, did she?!*
Wakana: Umm... I know this is a bit late, but...
Shuuji: Yeah?
Wakana: Were you really okay with that? Having me be your first kiss, I mean.
Shuuji: You're right; it is a bit late to be asking that.
Wakana: Yeah... Right. Sorry.
Shuuji: No, don't apologize. I don't regret it at all.
Wakana: O-Oh.
Wakana: ......
Shuuji: ......
Wakana: I-I mean, of course! I saw how you reacted! Of course you didn't hate it!
Shuuji: ...Please, I'm begging you to stop bringing that up.
Wakana: Haha, ya big perv.
Shuuji: If I'm a perv, then what are you for deciding my "thank you" should be a kiss?
Shuuji: And you were acting pretty horny during the French kiss.
Wakana: I was not!
Shuuji: No, you were. That was what got me in that state.
Wakana: R-Really? Is that so...? W-Was I really acting that horny?
*Kariya shrinks back out of embarrassment.*
*And as she does, the bitter and sour tastes begin to go away.*
*Ahh, I see... She was worried about me.*
Wakana: Well, in that case, you were definitely way more into it than I was! You got all swollen up down there!
Shuuji: Gah... I told you not to mention that...
Shuuji: But getting turned on in that situation is totally normal!
Wakana: Is it normal...?
Shuuji: You make it sound like it was different for you.
Wakana: It... was different... I guess maybe I'm slower than normal people in that regard.
Shuuji: ......
*Is Kariya trying to hide something?*
*That's what it sort of feels like...*
Wakana: Keep what happened today a secret. Especially from Kaidou. I don't want him getting any funny ideas.
Shuuji: Yeah, for sure.
*He definitely would, knowing him.*
Wakana: What are you gonna do now, Hoshina?
Shuuji: Buy dinner, go home and practice some more.
Wakana: You're really gonna practice more?
Shuuji: Oh, I won't overdo it. I won't even touch my bass if it hurts at all.
Wakana: ...Well, that's fine, then. Just make sure you take care of your fingers.
Shuuji: I will. I'm gonna make the most of the ointment you gave me, too. Thanks again for that.
Wakana: It's cool.
*......*
*My heart skips a beat when Kariya flashes me that satisfied smile.*
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: I can't calm down at all without my bass now...
*I collapse onto my bed and stare at my bandaged hand.*
*What the hell was up with Kariya today, anyway?*
*I could sense some bitterness just before we parted earlier, indicating she was trying to hide something.*
*But there was also that sweetness, and that numbness too.*
*I've felt that feeling before.*
*I think... it was from Kaidou not too long ago.*
*It was the feeling of being in love... Is that what Kariya's trying to hide?*
*And also, that kiss...*
Shuuji: Kissing isn't something normal friends do. Especially first kisses... They're meant to be important, right?
*I'm hardly a dreamboat here.*
*Which means...*
Shuuji: Maybe she likes me...?
Shuuji: Isn't that just wishful thinking, though? But kisses are pretty serious, aren't they?
Shuuji: Especially since Kariya tends to be fairly straight-laced. She doesn't seem one to fool around with boys.
Shuuji: ......
*All I've been thinking about tonight is Kariya.*
*That, and... what that kiss meant.*
Shuuji: Man... I've really fallen for Kariya.
================================================================================
Nene: Hoshina-kun, how are things coming along?
Shuuji: I think I'm getting there...
Nene: I see. That's good to hear, but you don't look very well.
Shuuji: Really?
Nene: Compared to normal, yes. Are you okay?
Shuuji: I don't feel much different, aside from the fact that I've been getting less sleep.
Nene: Practicing too much can be bad for you, you know?
Shuuji: I've been making sure to get some rest. I guess I'm not getting enough, though.
Shuuji: Anyway, thanks for your concern, but I'm fine. I'm taking care of myself as best I can.
Nene: Yeah? Okay then. I'm looking forward to the performance.
Shuuji: Ugh... Now I'm feeling the pressure. I'll try my best...
Nene: Great.
*Ayachi-san nods and returns to her seat.*
Shuuji: ......
Classmate: *stare*
*As always, just talking to Ayachi-san attracts a lot of stares.*
*But it's not as bad as it used to be.*
*Maybe that's because I've changed, or perhaps everyone's just gotten used to it.*
*They've seen us talking together plenty by now since we're in the same club.*
Shuuji: They'll probably pay us no mind eventually.
*I try to ignore their gazes, but suddenly I sense a different kind of stare.*
*Hm? Why does this one feel so much more suffocating?*
Wakana: *stare*
Shuuji: ...Kariya?
Wakana: Ah...
*I look over to Kariya, who's looking at me. But the moment I do so, she looks away with a scratch of her cheek.*
*Could she be any more obvious? She may have looked away, but she's clearly still thinking about me.*
*I stand up and head over to her seat.*
Shuuji: What's up? Need something?
Wakana: Oh, uh, not really. You haven't been practicing too much at home, have you?
Shuuji: Nope.
Wakana: O-Oh, good on you, then.
Wakana: I actually thought up a method to avoid worsening your injury... Wanna hear it?
Shuuji: Huh? Oh, yeah, sure!
Wakana: Great! Just a moment, then. Errm...
*Kariya rummages through her bag and then takes out a sheet of music.*
Wakana: Look here. First, at these two sections. This area's a little intense, but you can stretch your fingers in a way to let you do it without rubbing against the strings.
Wakana: Also, with the hook here, there's not a lot you can do about it, but...
*Kariya starts explaining the sheet section by section.*
*It's crammed full of musical notation, all meant for the bass.*
*Which means Kariya didn't make this to help her practice the guitar.*
*She did this entirely for my sake...*
Wakana: Hey, Hoshina, are you listening? You were spacing out just now.
Shuuji: I'm listening! I swear.
Wakana: Oh, good. I guess you just usually look that dumb.
Shuuji: Hey, that's rude!
Wakana: Ahaha! C'mon, don't get angry. I hope what I just told you is useful...
Shuuji: It is, thanks.
Wakana: Cool. You can take the sheet with you, then.
Shuuji: Thanks. I'll make good use of it.
Wakana: Oh yeah, how are your fingers doing?
Shuuji: Alright. I've been taking good care of them. That stuff you gave me is pretty great!
Wakana: Really? That's good... There wasn't much left, though. You must be running out, right?
Wakana: So I picked up some more. You can have it.
Shuuji: You sure?
Wakana: This stuff is pretty cheap, so it ain't like it's breaking the bank. Just take it.
Shuuji: Thank you.
Wakana: Also, you're not looking very good, you know?
Shuuji: Ayachi-san just told me the same thing...
Wakana: Oh, so that's what you were talking to her about.
Shuuji: Do I look that bad?
Wakana: It's not like you have to go to the nurse's office or anything, but it's bad enough for me to notice.
Wakana: Have you been sleeping properly? I bet you've been cutting down on sleep to get in more practice, haven't you?
Shuuji: I'm not doing anything that stupid.
*You're the whole reason I'm not getting enough sleep!*
Wakana: ...Huh? What?
Shuuji: Oh, it's nothing.
Wakana: Okay then... But I'm getting worried about you.
Wakana: H-Hey, so... I-I could make lunch for you. I-Is that something you'd want?
Shuuji: You'd make me lunch?
Wakana: You've gotta keep to a healthy diet! Always eating from the cafeteria or having sandwiches ain't good for you.
Wakana: I figure you're the kind of guy who'd think that if you have time to make yourself lunch, you'd rather spend it practicing.
Shuuji: ......
Wakana: A-As I said... only if you want.
Wakana: I know you do a lot of cooking, so I might not live up to your standards, but... what do you say?
Shuuji: Erm, well... Are you sure you don't mind?
Wakana: N-Not at all, if you're okay my cooking...
Shuuji: Well, then... That sounds great. Thanks.
Wakana: Yeah! Leave it to me!
Shuuji: ......
*Kariya flashes me a beaming smile. I can sense relief coming from the bottom of her heart.*
*She must've been really nervous about asking this.*
Shuuji: You're quite the meddler, you know?
Wakana: N-No I'm not! We're comrades gearing up for a big show together. This much is totally normal! Ahaha!
*Is this really normal?*
================================================================================
Shuuji: ......
*I get up the moment I find myself awake and look outside.*
Shuuji: Nice weather today.
*I imagine there are going to be a lot of people at this party.*
*Glancing at the time, I see I'm up earlier than usual.*
Shuuji: Ugh... Guess I was too nervous to sleep.
*The calendar clearly marks today as the day of the party.*
*The date doesn't change, no matter how hard I stare at it.*
Shuuji: Today's the big day...
*There's our performance, obviously, but there's also my plan to ask Kariya out if it goes well.*
*Judging from how she reacted before, I think I have a pretty good shot.*
*But... But...*
Shuuji: No, there's no point thinking about it. I'll just worry myself to death if I do.
*The most important part right now is the concert. I need to focus on making that a success.*
*If I worry too much about what comes afterward, I'll lose track of what I need to do to get there.*
Shuuji: ...Alright!
*I smack my cheeks with enough force to turn my face inside out.*
Shuuji: I'm gonna kick this party's ass!
*I think back to how I pulled off a successful performance in practice.*
*If I can just do that again, I won't have any problems.*
*I go over it over and over in my mind as I make breakfast.*
Shuuji: Right, time to get going.
*The party's not until the evening, so I have plenty of time before it. Since I'm a member of the OC, I'm helping out with some of the prep work as well.*
*I've been giving priority to band practice up until now, but the least I can do is help out with some of the decorations on the day itself.*
*In the afternoon, the band will get together one final time.*
Shuuji: It's pretty hectic...
Shuuji: I just need to keep myself busy so I don't get nervous. Let's do this.
Meguru: Oh, Hoshina-senpai! Helloha!
Shuuji: Morning, Inaba-san.
Meguru: ...You seem surprisingly normal.
Shuuji: What's that supposed to mean?
Meguru: Well, with the concert coming up, I was pretty sure you'd be a nervous wreck right about now.
Shuuji: I'm pretty damn nervous. There's still a lot of time, though, so it hasn't really sunk in yet.
Shuuji: Plus, there's a bunch of stuff I have to help with first.
Meguru: The guys are making jack-o'-lanterns, right?
Shuuji: Yup, we'll be carving pumpkins till the cows come home.
Meguru: It's great that you're motivated, but please be careful. It'd be awful if you cut your fingers or something.
Shuuji: Of course I will.
Shuuji: So, what're we gonna do with the pumpkin guts? It'll be a bit of a waste to throw it all away.
Meguru: We're gonna make cookies and pudding and stuff to have as snacks for the partygoers.
Shuuji: Really? Pumpkin cookies and pudding, huh? Sounds tasty.
Meguru: I'll give you a taste of mine if the concert is a success.
Shuuji: Huh? Are you making them too?
Meguru: Didn't anyone ever tell you not to judge a book by its cover?! I'll have you know I'm totally awesome at making snacks!
Shuuji: ......
Meguru: Hey! You don't believe me, do you?! You don't believe me at all!
Shuuji: No, I do.
Meguru: Liar! You totally don't. Fine, then. I'll just have to prove it.
Meguru: You better make sure the concert is a success so you get to eat my hand-cooked snacks! Promise me!
Shuuji: This just adds to the pressure, really...
Shuuji: But I'll do as best I can.
Meguru: Then I'll do the best I can to make you something delicious!
*Yeah, I can do this.*
Nene: What do you think? Is everything correct with my outfit?
Meguru: Yeah, looks good. It suits you to a T.
Nene: Really? Great.
Meguru: What about me? Am I wearing this properly?
Nene: Yes. It's very cute.
Meguru: Thank you very much. Ehehe.
Tsumugi: *sigh* So lucky... I wish I could wear cute clothes too.
Shuuji: Was a costume too much for you, Shiiba-san?
Tsumugi: Yeah, unfortunately... The outfit the Fashion Design Club made was so cute and girly! I just loved it!
Tsumugi: But because of that... I couldn't handle it.
Shuuji: I-I see...
Shuuji: Well, don't let it get you down. You'll be able to wear whatever you want once you collect enough fragments. It won't be that long now.
Tsumugi: Yeah, thanks.
Touko: Hey, what about me? Am I wearing this properly? You can't see anything you shouldn't, can you?
Shuuji: ...Y-You're fine. Everything important is covered up... I think. That's a pretty wild costume.
Touko: Even I'm a little embarrassed wearing this. But I have to since the Fashion Design Club went through all the trouble of making it for me.
Shuuji: ...Is our Fashion Design Club full of guys or something?
Touko: No. It doesn't have any boys; only girls.
Shuuji: I see... There sure is a lot on display for clothing made by girls...
Tsumugi: Well, Togakushi-senpai has a great figure. Anyone with some fashion sense would want to make her costume revealing to accentuate her figure.
Shuuji: Is that how it works?
*Yet here I am just wearing a cape, the simplest costume imaginable.*
*Makes me wonder if the Fashion Design Club didn't just want to see more of Togakushi-senpai's skin.*
Touko: Is everyone finished changing? Let's all head for the gym now, okay?
Meguru: 'Kaaay!
Nene: Ah, don't you have to set things up for your band, Hoshina-kun? You can go ahead. Just leave this to us.
Tsumugi: Good luck with the show!
Shuuji: Thanks.
*Oh man... It's finally time.*
Shuuji: ......
*I'll just get nervous if I wait on my own. I should hurry and join up with Kariya and Kaidou.*
Hideaki: Yo!
Wakana: Huh? You've already changed, Hoshina? Should I go and change too?
Shuuji: Nah, this is just a simple cloak that's easy to get on and off. You can change after we're done setting up.
Wakana: 'Kay.
Hideaki: I'd like to set up the drums now. Is it cool if I go in there?
Shuuji: Yeah, should be fine. Ayachi-san and the others are already in there. Go do what you need to.
Hideaki: Gotcha.
Wakana: Well then... Guess we should do a final rehearsal?
Shuuji: Yeah.
Shuuji: How're you feeling? Is that cold gone yet?
Wakana: Yeah, I'm fine. What about you?
Shuuji: Never felt better.
Wakana: Then let's do this!
Shuuji: Yeah!
Nene: Right, it's about time.
Shuuji: Y-Yeah...
Meguru: Your voice is kinda shaky. You okay?
Shuuji: Y-Yeah, I'm fine. I can do this. Just gotta do it like I did in practice.
Hideaki: Though, repeating what you did in practice is never easy in an actual live show.
Wakana: Kaidou! What're you trying to make him nervous for?!
Hideaki: I didn't mean to... I'm just wondering, is he really gonna be okay getting up on stage like this?
Tsumugi: Hoshina-kun, you're looking a little pale.
Touko: Are you sure you're okay?
Shuuji: I'm fine. Totally fine. There's no running away from this now. I'm always ready for action when push comes to shove!
Hideaki: That macho nonsense is fine if it helps calm your nerves... but you do realize your fly's down, right?
Shuuji: What?! Whoa, since when?! How long has it been open for?!
*I hurriedly pull up my zipper.*
*Son of a bitch! Somebody just kill me, already!*
Hideaki: I have to wonder, what kind of action are you ready for with your fly down~?
Shuuji: Shut up! And next time you notice someone's fly is down, let them know more discretely!
Hideaki: My bad. I just noticed as I was talking.
Shuuji: Man...
Tsumugi: ...He looks nervous.
Touko: I don't think I've ever seen Hoshina-kun this shaken up before.
Meguru: W-Well, it's better than him suddenly realizing how nervous he is on stage.
Nene: ...It's almost time for the show to start. We don't really have any time to help you calm down...
Shuuji: I'm fine. I can do this.
Wakana: ......
Touko: Ah, it's about time I made the starting announcement.
Shuuji: Yeah, please do. I doubt giving me more time will help me relax. If anything, I'll probably feel much better once I'm on stage.
Touko: ...Really? Okay then.
Hideaki: Alright, guys. Let's try to have fun out there. If we look like we're enjoying ourselves, then the audience will enjoy themselves too. I say this from experience.
Shuuji: ...Alright, let's go!
Hideaki: That's the spirit!
Wakana: Let's do this.
Hideaki: Man, it's been forever since I was last on stage!
*The three of us head up to the side of the stage.*
*On the way, I feel a warm sensation wrap around my left hand.*
Wakana: Don't worry. We're here with you. You're not alone, Hoshina.
Shuuji: Kariya...
Wakana: You've practiced so hard to get here. You even kept at it after hurting your fingers.
Wakana: You did great in practice, so you'll be fine here too. You've got this.
Shuuji: ......
Wakana: If you lose your way on stage, then just calm down and listen to what I'm playing. Let that guide you.
Wakana: Don't let the anxiety crush you, and enjoy the show.
Wakana: This is your first time on stage, and it might be your last. Even if you mess up, you don't want to walk away from this with regrets. So give it all you have.
Shuuji: Yeah. I don't have to do everything perfectly. All that matters is that the crowd enjoys themselves.
Wakana: Right. So let's have fun out there! You and me, together.
Shuuji: ...Yeah. Let's enjoy this.
*I'll ruin Kariya's fun too if I keep worrying about this.*
*I firmly squeeze her hand back.*
*I do so more easily than I expected. My nervous trembling is no longer getting in the way.*
*I can do this. I just have to move my fingers like I did in practice.*
Wakana: Let's go then, Hoshina!
Shuuji: Yeah!
Touko: Next up, we have a performance from our volunteer band. Is everything ready? Then the stage is all yours!
*After Togakushi-senpai's introduction, we step up on stage.*
*The gazes of everyone in the hall center on us, engulfing me in emotions.*
*The bitter and acidic tastes are harsh. There's a prickling pain all over my skin, and something cold running up my back... This is intense. I feel like I'm going crazy.*
*But in spite of the various emotions storming around me, the lingering warmth in my left hand remains clear.*
*In that hand is not Kariya's hand, but the neck of my bass guitar.*
*And yet, her warmth remains.*
*Yeah, I can do this. It's not blind courage, but Kariya's warmth that's keeping me going.*
*I take hold of my newfound self confidence and stare directly ahead.*
Wakana: Um, good evening, everyone. Are you all enjoying the Halloween party?
Wakana: We're going to play a song for you all to kick this party into high gear.
Wakana: We formed our band in a rush just for this occasion, so we can only play one song.
Wakana: But we're going to pour our hearts and souls into that one song, so we hope you all enjoy it!
*The music starts blasting out of the speakers the moment Kariya stops talking.*
*I start moving my hands so I don't get left behind.*
*Playing comes easy to me, just like in practice... In fact, my fingers might be moving even better. I can hear Kariya's guitar and her singing perfectly clear as day.*
*I'm going to be fine. I'll be able to exit the stage with no regrets, and so will Kariya and Kaidou.*
*With my fingers moving as they should, I'm able to enjoy our performance.*
*The hall explodes with applause the moment our song comes to an end.*
*I'm overcome with a barrage of emotions far stronger than when we first got on stage.*
*But not one of them makes me feel bad.*
*The adoration being directed at us has me giddy with excitement.*
*Did our performance really go that well?*
Wakana: *pant* *pant*
*To my side, Kariya stands speechless for a moment.*
*But the cheers and applause soon sink in, and she starts beaming with delight.*
Wakana: We did it! We did it, Hoshina!
Shuuji: Yeah, we did!
Wakana: That was awesome! Aha, ahahaha!
*Yeah, I think we can call this a success.*
*There were mistakes, obviously, but I didn't allow them to hold me back. I played through them all to the very end.*
*Amid all these cheers, Kaidou looks just as satisfied as Kariya.*
*If you can't call this a success, then what can you?*
Shuuji: We did it...
*Our performance was a success.*
*That's a great thing in and of itself, but... now I'm remembering again.*
*I made a vow to myself that I'd ask Kariya out if things went well.*
*And things went amazingly. If I can't ask someone out when I'm feeling this good, I doubt I'll ever be able to.*
Shuuji: ......
Wakana: ...? Hoshina?
Hideaki: Kariya-chan, you're the MC! You have to close out the show!
Wakana: Oh, yeah!
*Kariya hurries back to the mic and bows to the audience.*
Wakana: Sorry, I got a bit carried away there. I'm glad you all seemed to like our performance.
Wakana: I'd love to say that we have another song for you, but... as I said at the start, we only have the one, so that will be all from us.
Wakana: Thank you for listening!
Audience 1: Aren't you gonna introduce yourselves?
Wakana: Oh, sorry. I guess we shoulda done that at the start. My grandma always tells me to greet people properly, too.
Wakana: I wish I could tell you about our band, but as I said, we formed it in a rush and so we don't have a name. So we'll go right to the band member introductions.
Wakana: I'm Kariya Wakana, from class 2-A. I've played guitar for a while now, but this is the first time I've ever performed for an audience.
Wakana: This band was formed in part to give me this opportunity. I was nervous and I made some mistakes, but I'm really glad you all liked it, anyway.
Wakana: Thank you so much!
*Kariya bows and is met by another huge round of applause.*
*She then raises her head and turns to look behind her.*
Wakana: So, onto the other members... On drums, we have Kaidou Hideaki! Why don't you say a word?
Hideaki: Huh? Me?
Wakana: C'mon, don't make me do all the talking. Introduce yourself, Kaidou.
Hideaki: I'll pass. Drummers don't normally talk, and I'm crap at public speaking...
Audience 2: Don't be lame. Say something!
*Someone in the excited crowd starts taunting Kaidou.*
*Realizing that refusing now would ruin the mood, Kaidou steps right up to the mic after that.*
Hideaki: I'm Kaidou Hideaki from class 2-A. Basically, this whole band thing happened 'cause of a silly suggestion of mine. I'm just glad it worked out.
Hideaki: I used to play drums for a band before, though we broke up forever ago. But this little show made me remember how much fun playing in a band is.
Hideaki: So if you know any bands out there that need a drummer, give me a shout. I'd love to help.
Hideaki: Last but not least, we have Hoshina Shuuji on bass.
Shuuji: M-Me?
Hideaki: Obviously. It'd be weird if you're the only one who doesn't say anything. You want them to start jeering at you too?
Shuuji: Well... No...
*I reluctantly take the mic.*
*Wh-What am I meant to say? I've never done much in the way of public speaking before, so my mind almost shuts down under all the pressure.*
*Ah, dammit! I'll just bullshit my way through this!*
Shuuji: Umm, I'm Hoshina Shuuji, also from class 2-A. And, umm, I play bass guitar, but I only started recently. Umm...
Audience 3: What's with all the "umms"?
Shuuji: I wasn't expecting this! Go easy on me!
Audience 3: Ahahahaha!
Shuuji: I'm basically the reason our band can only play one song. It took everything I had just to learn this one.
Shuuji: I'm glad it all worked out. We may not have been amazing, but we really practiced hard for this.
Shuuji: I was the one who suggested to Kariya that she perform here today, so I wanted to make sure our performance was a success.
Audience 2: Are you two going out?
Shuuji: Wh-What?!
Wakana: H-Hey! Where did that come from?! How does that have anything to do with anything?!
Audience 1: Ooh, look how hard she's denying it!
Wakana: N-No, it's not like we're―
Shuuji: Y-Yeah! We're not going out yet!
Audience 4: "Yet," he says!
Audience 3: So, are you two gonna start going out?
Audience 5: Do you like her?
*The audience takes an abrupt shift from cheering to teasing us.*
*C-Crap! I didn't mean to say that!*
*I got all confused and nervous because I was never expecting to speak to the crowd!*
Wakana: Th-Th-Th-That's enough, everyone! I'm the one on the mic here, and I'm telling you it's not like that!
Audience 6: So you don't like him?
Wakana: I'm telling you that it's not like that!
*All eyes in the gym are focused on us.*
*I can feel the depth of their curiosity... I don't think there's any way to weasel out of this one.*
*Kaidou's grinning at us too. Doesn't look like he's coming to our aid anytime soon.*
*That bastard's gonna pay for this later!*
*But seriously, what the hell am I meant to say?*
*I don't want to lie and say I don't like her just to get out of this mess.*
*But they're not gonna let us off without saying anything at all.*
Shuuji: ......
*Maybe the reason I'm thinking like this is because those cheers really raised my mood.*
*In a way, this is what I planned to do―being carried away by the elation of success and confessing my ever-growing feelings for Kariya.*
*But asking her out on stage in front of all these people wouldn't be like me. I was hoping to choose the perfect moment myself.*
*But now I'm worried I'll chicken out when that moment does come. So...*
Wakana: Hoshina, don't just stay silent! Say something! Deny it!
Shuuji: I like you.
Wakana: S-See! Hoshina just said...... Huh?
Shuuji: I like you, Kariya.
Wakana: ...Huh? Huuuh?! H-Hoshina? What're you saying?
Shuuji: I'm telling you that I like you, Kariya.
Wakana: ......
Whole Audience: Whoooo!
*Excitement wells up among the audience.*
*I ignore all of the gazes focused on me and continue looking directly into Kariya's eyes.*
Shuuji: I like you, Kariya. And not just as a friend.
*There, I said it. I really said it.*
*The words I've been suppressing this whole time, representing the emotions that have been growing in my heart.*
*I've finally said them. I've finally told her how I feel.*
*I've never said this to anyone before, but they I manage to do so surprisingly smoothly.*
*Once said, all the tension in me evaporates, perhaps because I've kept these feelings bottled up for so long.*
*It feels amazing to be free of the shackles holding me back.*
*So amazing that I'm sure the fragments I accidentally stole from Ayachi-san will return to her. In fact, it feels like I've been born again.*
*The world spread before my eyes has become illuminated by a new light.*
Shuuji: I like you. Will you go out with me?
*I speak clearly so there can be no misunderstanding.*
Wakana: H-Hoshina...
Everyone: Oh gosh, oh gosh...
Shuuji: Can I get an answer?
*With everyone staring at us, Kariya's lips slowly open...*
Wakana: ...Sorry, but I can't.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Shuuji: U-Umm... Excuse me, Kariya-san, but would you mind repeating that for me?
Wakana: I said... I can't!
Shuuji: Huuuh?! Why not?! That's ridiculous!
Wakana: You're the one who's ridiculous! Why? Why would you ask me out in front of all these people?! Are you stupid? Are you actually stupid?!
Shuuji: I'm not stupid! I'm being serious here! I really do like you!
Shuuji: I'll say it again. Will you go out with me?
Wakana: Again, I'm sorry, but I absolutely won't!
Shuuji: Why not?! Everything was going so well! Just look at how much we kissed!
Meguru: K-K-K-K-K-Kissed?!?!?!
Wakana: Nwaaaaah?! I don't believe this! Why would you go and say that?!
Shuuji: Because it's true! How can you reject me after all that passionate kissing?!
Wakana: Th-That was just because of how much you came onto me!
Wakana: You were like a little kid begging me for more! And you kept saying all this embarrassing crap about how you couldn't stop because I was so cute!
Shuuji: Nh?! Y-You don't have to describe every detail!
Wakana: Like I care! You were the one who brought this up!
Shuuji: But why?! Why are you rejecting me now?!
Wakana: Because I am! Of course I am! Like hell I'd say yes, you moron! You're such a freaking dumbaaaassss!
Shuuji: Ah, hey!
*Kariya storms off the stage while shouting obscenities at me.*
*I don't call out fast enough to stop her.*
*She makes a beeline for the gym's exit, escaping from everyone's gazes.*
*And leaving me alone, dumbfounded and frozen on the stage.*
*I feel a gentle clap on my shoulder.*
Hideaki: Don't let this get you down, man.
Audience 3: Yeah! You did great, Hoshina!
Audience 1: We know you did your best!
Audience 4: Chin up! Don't let this get to you!
Audience 7: There are plenty more fish in the sea!
Audience 8: Don't give up! That courage was amazing! You're a total hero!
Audience 9: Yeah! You're a hero!
Whole Audience: Hero! Hero!
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: This was meant to work! WHAT THE HELLLL?!
Touko: A-And that was the performance from our volunteer band. Why don't we give them one last round of applause?
Shuuji: %130;How the hell am I a hero?!
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Ahh, the sky's pitch black... I didn't know it was supposed to get so cloudy.
Meguru: No, it's actually really bright. The moon is huge and there are a ton of stars out.
Tsumugi: I think the clouds are just over your heart, Hoshina-kun...
Touko: Makes sense, after what happened.
*Yeah... I thought the world was so bright, but in reality, it's pitch black...*
Hideaki: ...Dude's got it bad. "Cloudy" doesn't even begin to cover it.
Nene: Umm... Sh-Should we do something to try and cheer him up?
Shuuji: Haaahh...
*How did things end up like this?*
*Things were going well, weren't they? Anyone in my shoes would've expected a yes from her.*
*But she gave me the big, fat no.*
*And the most unbelievable part is that I didn't even detect a vague hint of a lie from her.*
*Kariya rejected me for real.*
*I'm in utter shock.*
*So what was with all that excitement I felt from her? Or that numbness?*
*......*
*...Either way, nothing can change reality. I was rejected.*
Shuuji: Haaahh...
Hideaki: There's no point. I doubt we can get through to him when he's like this.
Tsumugi: Yeah. He was really serious about this, and now he's in shock.
Touko: We should leave him alone for now. I think that's for the best.
Nene: Yeah, let's do so.
Meguru: Alright, Senpai. We're going home now. Umm... Please keep your chin up.
Nene: I'll just leave the key right here. See you next week.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Haaahh...
*Before I realize it, an hour has passed.*
Shuuji: No point just spacing out here. I should go home.
Shuuji: ......
*I've finally managed to calm down after sitting in that chair and spacing out for a while.*
*Somehow, I'm feeling rather positive, even if I'm still upset that I was rejected.*
*It's not like I've completely regained my footing yet, but, well, that's just how these things go.*
*I'm a changed man thanks to Kariya. I'm now moving toward the person I want to be.*
*Which means this love wasn't a total waste. I may have been rejected, but it's not all bad!*
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Or at least, it won't be. I'm still not fully over it...
*What can I do, though?*
*Of course being rejected is going to get me down.*
Shuuji: Anyway, I've gotta get back to normal by Monday!
*After pumping myself up, I start making my way home when...*
Wakana: You're so freaking slow!
Shuuji: K-Kariya...?
Wakana: What were you doing by yourself in there? Didn't anyone teach you not to keep a girl waiting?
Shuuji: Sorry... But I had no idea you'd be waiting for me.
Shuuji: Wh-What are you doing here, anyway?
Wakana: I want to talk to you about something.
Shuuji: I'd rather you don't kick me while I'm down.
Wakana: I'm not going to be mean. I just wanted to thank you for today. Being part of a band was so much fun!
*Kariya's voice is cheerful, and the smile on her face is equally bright.*
*...Does that mean she already considers the matter over?*
*I see... Kariya has already gotten over it. That's how little my confession meant to her...*
Shuuji: I had fun with our band too. Our performance went so much better than I expected. I couldn't believe the applause we got.
*Yeah. The band was fun... Man!*
Shuuji: It was a good experience. Thank you for everything, Kariya.
*I say that without a hint of sarcasm.*
*Our time together has really helped me grow. Both our practice, and even what just transpired today.*
*My thanks for Kariya comes from the bottom of my jumbled-up heart.*
*But, given that she rejected me, it all feels a little awkward.*
Shuuji: I was really nervous when we started. I know Kaidou basically dragged me into this, but I'm glad I did it.
Wakana: Yeah, I'm glad we gave it a shot too.
Shuuji: ......
Wakana: ......
Shuuji: So, were you waiting here just to say that?
Wakana: Ah, no... There's one more thing I want to say... Or rather, one more thing I want to ask.
Shuuji: What is it?
Wakana: Well... Errm, umm... Y'know...
Shuuji: ......?
*What is it? She seems really nervous.*
*What could be so hard for her to ask?*
Wakana: So, what I want to ask you, is...
Shuuji: ...Is what?
Wakana: W-Will you go out with me?!
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Wakana: I said, will you go out with me?! Oh, and I don't mean anything stupid like going out shopping with me or something!
Wakana: I mean, errm...
Wakana: I-I like you! I want you to be my boyfriend!
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: ...Huh? What are you talking about?
Wakana: I-I'm saying that I like you, and not just as a friend, Hoshina! Why are you so slow on the uptake?!
Shuuji: I'm not slow on the uptake! I just don't get it! I mean... Like... You rejected me earlier!
Wakana: Yeah, I did reject you.
Shuuji: I thought you hated me... or at least, that you didn't like me in that way.
Wakana: Whoever said that? I just didn't say yes to you.
Shuuji: But if you rejected me, then what else can it mean?
Shuuji: ...Was it because we were on stage in front of all those people?
Wakana: That's part of it.
Shuuji: Is there another reason?
Wakana: Yeah... Like, I had my own reasons for doing that.
Shuuji: What are those?
Wakana: That's a secret... for now.
Shuuji: What's up with that?
Wakana: It's really not that big of a reason, so don't worry about it. Besides...
Wakana: You suddenly asking me out while we were on stage really startled me...
Wakana: Th-That's how it was! So I don't hate you or anything, Hoshina! Actually, I-I really like you.
Shuuji: Then you didn't have to reject me so harshly.
Wakana: ...That's your fault for asking me out in front of a crowd. Maybe I would've reacted better if there weren't so many people watching us.
Wakana: I did feel bad about it... That's why I decided to ask you out in return before the day ended.
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Were you waiting here for me to come out the whole time?
Wakana: Yeah...
*Kariya slowly nods.*
*Then she looks back up at me with a bright red face.*
Shuuji: ......
*She really is cute... My heart is pounding once again.*
*Yeah, there's no way I could ever discard these feelings.*
*And I can't taste any lies from Kariya.*
*There's a clear sweetness in my mouth and an electric current coursing through my body.*
*She really does like me too.*
Shuuji: Haah... What the hell, man? I've been depressed this whole time. Thought I was gonna drench my pillow tonight...
Shuuji: I guess this wouldn't have happened if I had just done things normally.
Wakana: Yeah. But as they say, all's well that ends well!
Shuuji: ...Kariya.
Wakana: Y-Yes?
Shuuji: I never thought you'd say those words to me after you rejected me in front of everyone.
Shuuji: But hearing that has made me so happy. So...
Shuuji: I'd love to go out with you.
Wakana: Yeah! Me too!
*In a strange turn of events, the girl who rejected me has asked me out mere hours later.*
*And so, for the first time in my life, I have a girlfriend.*
================================================================================
Taichi: Morning.
Shuuji: Hey, morning.
Taichi: ......
Shuuji: What're you looking at me like that for?
Taichi: You've been looking a little strange these past couple of days.
Shuuji: Strange how? Are there drool marks on my chin?
Taichi: No, that's not how I mean. You've been grinning like a madman lately. It's weirding me out.
Shuuji: Teehee. Have I? I think I'm the same as always.
Taichi: See? You just laughed strangely too.
Shuuji: O-Oh yeah... Gotta pull myself together.
*This is bad. If my dad's able to see through me this easily despite knowing nothing...*
*Then everyone at school will be able to see right through me too.*
*Gotta act normally! Normally!*
Shuuji: Teehee!
Taichi: Whoa... Gross.
Shuuji: Guess it is weird.
Taichi: You realize you're still grinning, right? You sure you're okay?
Shuuji: It's fine. I'm not sick, and it's not like I've gone crazy or anything.
Taichi: Well, okay... But you can stay home for the day if you're really not feeling well.
Shuuji: No way. I can't miss school today.
*I wanna see Kariya.*
Shuuji: ......
Shuuji: Teeheehee.
Taichi: O-Oh, okay... Just take care of yourself, and try to do something about that creepy laugh you've got going on.
Shuuji: Yeah, I will.
Shuuji: Now that breakfast's all cleaned up...
*Time for me to get going!*
Shuuji: ......
*I bounce down the road with a spring in my step.*
*I've never felt like this before.*
*I'm all fidgety, desperate to get to school.*
Shuuji: Ah, man... I want to see her so bad.
Shuuji: ...Ah.
Wakana: Ah...
*I bump into Kariya arriving at school at the same time as me.*
Shuuji: ......
*I wanted to see her so badly, but now that she's right here, my chest is too full of emotion for me to say anything.*
*Seemingly in the same state as me, Kariya simply stares down at the ground in embarrassment.*
Wakana: ......
Wakana: M-Morning, Hoshina.
Shuuji: Yeah, morning.
Shuuji: ......
Wakana: ......
Shuuji: Why is such a normal greeting making me so embarrassed?
Wakana: Yeah... I'm the same way.
Shuuji: Everyone will find us out right away at this rate.
Wakana: Well... that's fine, isn't it? It's not like we need to hide this.
Shuuji: Yeah, but won't everyone start gossiping about us? That's embarrassing too...
Wakana: Yeah, probably. But I still don't think this is something we really need to keep secret. So... let's just act normally.
Wakana: Like, how couples normally act at school. It's not that big of a deal if we get found out, is it?
Shuuji: ...Alright. Let's go with that. No point in trying to hide it.
Wakana: Yeah.
*And so, Kariya and I walk into the classroom together.*
*And the moment we arrive...*
Schoolboy C: Oh! It's our hero!
Schoolboy A: Morning, Hero!
Schoolgirl B: Wait, why are you with Kariya-san? Didn't she reject you?
Wakana: Huh? Oh, well...
Schoolgirl C: Did you two decide to hook up after all?!
Schoolboy B: Wait, you asked her out again?! You're a real badass! Way to go, Hero!
Shuuji: Oh, no―
Schoolgirl A: Only a hero could stand up and fight right after getting brushed aside!
Classmates: Hero! Hero!
Shuuji: %130;Why is this a thing?!
*And so, everyone sussed out the truth the moment we entered the classroom.*
Shuuji: *sigh*
Wakana: A-Ahaha... They figured it out immediately.
Shuuji: Like you said this morning, that's fine. But all the gossiping...
*I've heard people saying "Our hero! He got his revenge!" and "Our hero! He never gives up!" among other things.*
*No one's talking about anything else right now.*
Shuuji: Why the hell are they calling me "Hero," anyway?
Wakana: Ahh... Yeah...
Shuuji: That nickname is the thing I hate the most about this.
Wakana: Earlier in the corridor, someone pointed me out as "the hero's wife."
Shuuji: Sorry. This is all because of me.
Wakana: Nah, it's fine. It happened because I rejected you on stage.
Wakana: There's nothing we can do about it, anyway, so let's just laugh it off. Everyone will stop sooner or later.
Shuuji: I sure hope they do...
Wakana: C'mon, I'll buy you a drink to make up for this. What do you want?
Shuuji: Well... I'll take some orange juice.
Wakana: Gotcha... Here.
Shuuji: Thanks.
*Kariya chucks the drink over to me.*
*She then buys her own and sits down beside me.*
Wakana: Hey, Hero.
Shuuji: Kariya, I think we should break up.
Wakana: I'm just joking! I'm trying to apologize here, so it hurts when you say that.
Shuuji: I'm hurt every time someone calls me that.
Wakana: I'm sorry, okay? I won't say that anymore.
Wakana: But if I can't call you Hero, what should I call you?
Shuuji: What do you mean?
Wakana: Well, we're going out now, so I figure changing the way we call each other would make it feel more real or something.
Shuuji: Good point...
Wakana: Should I just call you Shuuji instead of Hoshina?
Shuuji: Y-Yeah. I'll call you Wakana, then.
Wakana: O-Okay.
*M-My heart skipped a beat even though she was just asking about it.*
*...Kaidou has always called me by my first name, but I think this might be the first time a girl has done so.*
*I wonder if the same goes for Kariya. She's blushing and staring at her drink.*
Shuuji: ...Ahem.
Shuuji: So, Wakana.
Wakana: Yes, Shuuji?
Shuuji: ......
Wakana: ......
Wakana, Shuuji: Bleeegh!
*We both cringe in unison.*
*I wouldn't say it felt gross, but it definitely felt out of place.*
Wakana: I think this might be a bit too soon for us... Maybe we should wait until we're more settled into our relationship.
Shuuji: Y-Yeah, it might be too early. That really didn't feel right to me.
Wakana: Yeah... Same.
Shuuji: It's not like we have anything to prove here. We can do things our own way.
Wakana: Yeah, you're right. It's not like using our first names is the only thing we can do now that we're dating. We've never sat down together and had a drink like this before, either.
Wakana: ......
Shuuji: Ah...
*Kariya gently leans on me while smiling happily.*
*Her small-yet-soft frame is surprisingly warm.*
Wakana: ...Uhehe. Nice and warm!
Shuuji: You can be surprisingly childish, Kariya.
Wakana: Really? Well you're way more childish, Hoshina. Just look at how much you begged me to kiss you.
Shuuji: Please stop bringing that up...
*That just reminds me of how everyone's calling me a hero.*
Shuuji: Well, anyway, we don't need to hold back anymore now that we're going out, right?
Wakana: Hold back with what?
Shuuji: Like, kissing, and stuff.
Wakana: ......
Wakana: See? You really are childish.
Shuuji: Really? I'd say obsessing over kissing makes me mature!
Wakana: That's not something you should say with so much pride.
Wakana: And you're obsessed with kissing now, are you?
Shuuji: Maybe not exactly obsessed. But, errm... kissing you felt really good.
Wakana: It felt good...? Why do you always sound like you're just after my body, Hoshina?
Shuuji: I-I do? I'm sorry if that came across the wrong way. I didn't mean it to.
Wakana: Well, I know you're not that kind of guy, so it's okay...
Wakana: But, umm... are you interested in things other than kissing?
Shuuji: Other than kissing...
Wakana: I-I'm just asking! You got that?!
Shuuji: Still, though... Something other than kissing...
*We're going out now, so... naturally, we'll go beyond kissing at some point, right?*
*My mind is now racing.*
*Try as I might to block them out, indecent delusions spin through my mind.*
*Other than kissing... Other than kissing... Other than kissing...*
Wakana: Hoshina, you've gone bright red. You perv.
Shuuji: Huh?! Oh, sorry, I didn't mean to. I just kinda ended up thinking about it...
Wakana: Well... I guess I can't really blame you.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Wakana: I mean... You probably weren't thinking anything different from me.
Shuuji: ......
Wakana: Like, we kissed before we actually started going out, right?
Shuuji: Yeah, we did.
Wakana: It feels like I've been dreaming this whole time. Like, reality hasn't sunk in yet.
Wakana: The reality that the two of us are dating...
Wakana: ......
Wakana: Maybe I'm being too hasty?
Shuuji: ...Hey, would it be okay for me to say how I really feel?
Wakana: ...? Sure.
Shuuji: But before I do, promise me you won't be grossed out.
Wakana: Now you're just making me nervous...
Wakana: I won't be grossed out unless you say something really weird anyway, so go ahead.
Shuuji: Then I'll be honest with you. This whole time, I've been...
Wakana: *gulp*
Shuuji: %130;I've been so horny!
Shuuji: You'd keep your legs spread wide open while playing the guitar on the studio's chair!
Shuuji: And even worse, I'd get ridiculously turned on whenever we French kissed!
Shuuji: I've been trying to suppress it, but deep down, I've been stupidly horny for you every single day!
Wakana: ......
Wakana: Pfft... Haha, ahahaha! What the hell? I was wondering what you were gonna say, and it's this? You dumbass.
Shuuji: ...So? Are you grossed out?
Wakana: I'm not. It was just so sudden that I had to laugh.
Shuuji: But the reason I feel this way isn't because I'm after your body, but because I like you.
Shuuji: So I don't think you're being too hasty. I think you feel that way because you like me in the same way.
Wakana: Yeah... I guess so.
Shuuji: Besides, umm... Personally, I'd rather have a girlfriend accepting of that, than one who'd refuse it...
Wakana: ...I see. S-So that's what you want... W-Well, if that's what my boyfriend wants...
Wakana: Let's go somewhere else, though.
Shuuji: ...Huh?
Shuuji: U-Umm... Kariya-san? Are you serious about this? You want to do this in the middle of our lunch break?
Wakana: Well, I've made up my mind to do it, so I wanna do it right away. Otherwise, I'll be too worried about it to concentrate in class.
Shuuji: R-Really?
Wakana: Yeah, we're doing this.
Shuuji: But... you remember how embarrassed we got just trying to use each other's first names?
Shuuji: Isn't this a gigantic step up from that?
Wakana: We won't know what'll happen until we do it. So let's just do it.
Shuuji: ......
Wakana: If I say we're doing it, then we're doing it! So just hurry up and strip already, dammit!
Shuuji: Hold on! Are you sure you're okay with this? You're really not acting like yourself!
Wakana: I am acting like myself! You're a man, Hoshina, so act like one and prepare yourself!
*...Crap, there's no getting out of this now.*
*I could try to make a run for it, but she'd probably just drag me back here.*
*Now that I know resistance is futile, I'm less resolving myself and more resigning myself to my fate.*
*I'll just have to do what Kariya says.*
================================================================================
Nene: Take a look, Hoshina-kun. All of the heart fragments have come back.
Shuuji: Ooh, you're right! These are all the fragments that were inside me, right?
*There's still an empty portion in the bottle Ayachi-san is holding, but it's far fuller than I've ever seen it.*
*I'm sure that's because I opened up to Wakana about my power.*
*Having her accept that aspect of me has finally filled the hole in my heart.*
Nene: Yes. I can't think of anything else it could be. Thank goodness... This is such a relief.
Shuuji: I'm sorry for causing you so much trouble, Ayachi-san.
Nene: Oh no, it hasn't been that much trouble. It's been a huge help having you in this club. Thank you very much.
Nene: So... What do you plan on doing now?
Shuuji: Huh? What do you mean?
Nene: Regarding the club. The fragments have been restored, which means the hole in your heart has been filled.
Nene: So you don't have to force yourself to be part of the club anymore if you don't want to.
Shuuji: Well... If you don't mind, do you think I could stay here?
Shuuji: I've gotten more proactive, but I don't think I'll remain like that without some motivation. So I'd like to stay in the club.
Nene: Oh, of course. I don't mind at all, but... are you sure that's okay?
Shuuji: Why wouldn't it be?
Nene: Because of Kariya-san. The reason the hole in your heart was filled is that things are going well with her, right?
Nene: I'm worried you won't be able to spend as much time with her if you continue with the OC.
Shuuji: Oh, you don't have to worry about that. I've already talked it over with her and told her that I want to continue.
Shuuji: We'll just have to make up that lost time elsewhere.
Nene: What do you mean?
Shuuji: Well, you know. By setting aside some time for just the two of us.
Wakana: You're late!
Shuuji: Sorry, sorry! There was someone I had to talk to on the way back.
Shuuji: But it's fine now.
Wakana: Then let's go. They'll cancel on us if we don't hurry.
Shuuji: Okay!
Wakana: Whew! We just made it in time... I'm exhausted from all that running. I'm gonna need a break before we start practicing.
Shuuji: Yeah, even I'm tired.
*We both sit down in the studio's folding chairs.*
*This is the time Wakana and I have made for ourselves.*
*In the end, I decided to continue with the bass guitar.*
*I don't have any ultimate goal like the party this time.*
*It's just so that Wakana and I can have some alone time together. Besides, I enjoy playing the bass, so it's not all that bad.*
*Obviously, we're practicing far less often now that we're not rushing to get ready for a big event, but the more leisurely pace is enjoyable.*
Wakana: So, did you do the homework I gave you?
Shuuji: I err, gave it a shot.
Wakana: I take it that means you didn't do it, then?
Shuuji: I tried! Really! But I just couldn't get the last phrase right...
Wakana: I don't want your excuses. C'mon, let's give it a go now.
Shuuji: Our break's over already?
Wakana: We can catch our breath while we tune our guitars.
Shuuji: Okie dokie.
*We take out our instruments and begin tuning them.*
*I managed to buy my bass off of Kaidou's friend for a good price*
*Apparently they'd just bought themselves a new one, so they didn't mind at all.*
Shuuji: You know, now it's just the two of us in the studio, it reminds me of how things were before the party.
Wakana: What are you getting all nostalgic for? That wasn't even that long ago.
Shuuji: Maybe not, but so much has happened since then that it feels like forever ago.
Wakana: Yeah, I guess it does.
Wakana: So, umm... I'm sorry, Shuuji.
Shuuji: Wh-What are you suddenly apologizing for? You're making me nervous.
Wakana: Oh, well... I mean, when it was just the two of us, I get the feeling that my awkwardness gave off a bad aura or whatever.
Shuuji: You don't have to apologize for that.
Wakana: And... if we go further back... my feelings probably hurt you when we were kids, didn't they?
Shuuji: ...Well, that wasn't your fault. We were just kids.
Shuuji: Besides, you said it yourself. All's well that ends well! Who cares, now that things are the way they are?
Wakana: Yeah... Thanks.
Shuuji: No, thank you. I'm really grateful that you talked to me when you noticed I was in the same class again.
Shuuji: I wouldn't have turned into the man I am now if it wasn't for you.
Wakana: Yeah? That's good to hear... Ahaha.
*Everything suddenly feels calm.*
*A refreshing taste made from Wakana's relief and delight fills my mouth.*
*Her face is one of pure happiness.*
Wakana: I love you, Shuuji.
*Ahh, this feeling... It's bliss. Her love is communicated not just through her words, but through all five of my senses as well.*
*It enough to make me think that maybe this strange power of mine isn't so bad after all. In fact, maybe it's helping me out more than I realize.*
Shuuji: I love you too, Wakana.
Wakana: Thanks!
*Being able to tell how the person you love feels... That is truly special, no doubt.*
*But it's the linking of our hearts and not my power that makes this possible.*
*For instance, we can also understand each other by playing the instruments in our hands.*
*So... I'm not going to let my power bother me anymore. I'm going to live life with my head held high.*
Shuuji: Alrighty, then. I'm done tuning.
Wakana: Great. Let's jam!
================================================================================
