====================A000.TXT====================
Radio: "—Update. Update."
Beneath a square cut-out of the sky, between buildings towering on all sides...
Filling that space were clinging shadows of just the sort you'd expect in a place with obstructed light.
Radio: "This is an update on the fleeing suspect—"
At twilight, when dusk ruled, a figure bled into the shadows as if right at home.
Though the pair searching for this figure were paying due attention, they went right past him without noticing his presence.
This wasn't because of his appearance, or because of their carelessness...
But rather because he'd erased his very presence amidst the shadows, with his breath bated and his thoughts turned to the other world, making it unclear whether or not he were still human, so that it was only natural they'd merely perceived him as a part of the gaping darkness.
Therefore, it would be more appropriate to describe him as something like a shadow... or, perhaps, a "reflection."
Reflection/Senri: "......"
This "reflection" casually lent his eyes and ears to his surroundings, not shuddering even once in the chill around him.
Radio: "At 8:30 PM, suspect thought to be part of the band of thieves threw off pursuit and fled at the intersection near the train station. Over."
It was the season of frost. Countless tiny scars marred the back of the hand held up against his chilled ear.
It would be no exaggeration to say that those scars marked the path the "reflection" had walked, his history carved into him.
Radio: "Suspect fled the scene on foot, passing the gas station on 4th street and entering a back alley. Requesting support vehicle on site immediately—"
A hissing breath.
In an instant... his eyes glinted like a beast hunting prey.
Reflection/Senri: "......"
Those eyes could pierce even that which was invisible.
Radio: "Suspect is a tall man in his 20s, possibly an OutCast. He has dyed white hair and..."
Radio: "Co...red...auth...respond*********jam*********g*******************"
Was there any meaning in the single clench of his fist?
That was in fact all that had transpired...
Yet the transmission had been cut off before the culprit's features had been fully reported.
The transmissions were sent by a special method—a method both understood and widely used by the population at large: "magic."
These transmissions, specially fortified against monitoring and interference, had with extreme ease been cut off by the "reflection."
Reflection/Senri: "That's payback... for your {assumptions}."
He spat thus while running fingers through his hair, which had lacked pigment since his birth.
Showing no genuine concern for the matter, in the next instant he fled into the night.
The "reflection" may have had an entry for "impossible" in his dictionary, but the phrase "common sense" was certainly not among its pages.
He was simply too far removed from the very concept of someone being pursued, as if his pursuers' attempts to apprehend him weren't the least bit inconvenient.
Reflection/Senri: "..."
He ran deeper, deeper, and deeper into the alley.
He ran with a regular form as if on a daily jog, breathing at a fixed, rhythmic pace.
But when a foul smell reached his nose, his feet stopped.
Black garbage bags. A plastic bin. The season did nothing to disguise the fishy odor of the waste practically bursting from those bags.
Going by the information he'd sniffed out, the "reflection" surmised that the building he was behind housed a kitchen, and stepped up to its back door with a quiet composure.
Reflection/Senri: "Let me through—{like always}."
Geometric patterns appeared like a hologram on the blank card he'd drawn just before arriving at the door.
This was the first time the "reflection" had visited this place, the first time he'd touched this door, yet it opened up just like a magic trick.
Reflection/Senri: "Just doing a regular inspection. Please let me through. Appreciate it."
He moved through the confined kitchen with a fluid agility.
As the "reflection" slipped through the building to the front exit like a leaf on the wind, it took some time for the workers in the kitchen to exchange glances and come to the realization that he wasn't supposed to be there.
Reflection/Senri: "...Much too heavy... No regard for the customers' health, huh..."
Allowing his impressions to slip out was his one mistake.
Paying no mind to the chef in his fit of anger over the missing plate of chicken—the "reflection" wiped away the sign of his respite from his lips.
Reflection/Senri: "......"
At this point, the "reflection" had already completed his escape.
He'd managed to make it to a place devoid of pursuers. Perhaps his only want, as he sought complete safety, was to parch his throat.
With quiet, leisurely footfalls, he stepped out onto the main street.
Completely devoid of the hurry, nerves, or guilt of one on the run, he looked like nothing more than an average passerby.
Therefore, he'd made none of the sort of mistakes that would land him in any new trouble, and any drama he could encounter at this point would only be a product of coincidence or fate.
Suddenly, a thunderous roar, out of place on a quiet street, made his feet stop.
The "reflection" should have been nothing but an average bystander now, yet he stopped... {unnaturally}.
Reflection/Senri: "......"
The air in the space around him seemed to slant...
He should have had barely any presence, yet he now displayed an unusual concentration.
He turned in the direction the sound had come from, glared around a corner, and a few seconds later—
???/Touya: "Huff... Huff...... Shit... Persistent little dimwit..."
A man on the run appeared, his long hair waving in the wind.
He continued running round the corner without looking where he was going, instead looking behind him as if he was being chased by a ghost while irritatedly clucking his tongue.
Reflection/Senri: "Hey."
Long-Haired Man/Touya: "Wha—!!"
Really, he wasn't watching where he was going at all. Upon noticing the "reflection" before him, the long-haired man quickly hit the brakes and managed to avoid a last-minute collision.
He halted for a moment as if trying to decide between cursing and running.
Reflection/Senri: "You're in quite a hurry. Sick child waiting at home?"
Long-Haired Man/Touya: "What's it to you? Outta my way, you're wasting my time."
Reflection/Senri: "I'll decide myself what it is to me."
Long-Haired Man/Touya: "Whatever, just—"
In that instant—a blazing fireball grazed their noses, burying itself into the ground far ahead of them.
???/Haruto: "That's as far as you go."
Blue—Blue dyed his vision until a form appeared within it.
???/Haruto: "You're not getting away so easily."
The asphalt was scorched by heat easily surpassing its kindling point as a wall of blue flames loomed fiendishly before them.
Boy/Haruto: "This'll be a lot easier for you if you surrender quietly. You haven't been authorized to use magic."
The boy's heart was still as water, yet his gaze, completely free of misgivings, was raging hotter than flames.
Long-Haired Man/Touya: "...Nowhere to run, huh."
Anyone who saw it would know what the boy's uniform signified—the First National School for Higher Magic Education, more commonly referred to as the Academy.
Trapped by walls of blue flame, the long-haired man reached out to the "reflection," intending to take the convenient bystander hostage.
Long-Haired Man/Touya: "?!"
Boy/Haruto: "Huh...?"
However—{the man who should have been there... no longer was}.
Nothing up his sleeve...
The "reflection" was already walking toward the boy when he was grazed by that fireball. He really was just walking.
Normally when fire erupts in one's vicinity, one would be unable to process the situation... shrinking away in dumbfounded terror.
Normally, fire flying one's way would make one panic... would make one flee screaming.
One would either move fiercely, or stop moving altogether. One of the two would be the typical reaction for a person.
That's why he {missed} the "reflection." He {assumed} he would still be beside him. That's how weak an existence the "reflection" was.
Boy/Haruto: "How strange. I was just thinking I should go help you."
The boy gave his eyes a little rub as he realized that the bystander he'd thought had gotten involved, the "reflection," had gotten that close.
Reflection/Senri: "Always prepare an escape route. People can display unexpected strength when their retreat is cut off."
Boy/Haruto: "Huh?"
Reflection/Senri: "Nothing. It doesn't even amount to advice."
As he passed, the boy felt the "reflection's" gaze on his arm.
His Ring: his magic license.
He seemed to show a bit of interest in the device, which was emitting a warning.
Reflection/Senri: "........."
The "reflection" turned his unaffected eyes to the distance and walked off, carrying himself like a specter and clearly not intending to see the scene through to its conclusion.
Boy/Haruto: "I've been firing warning shots until now. The next one won't miss."
The boy's attention and unclouded gaze were focused solely on his opponent.
A feverish conviction blindly governed his actions, the same heat as in the flame he specialized in controlling.
Long-Haired Man/Touya: "We've made quite a scene. I assume BURST will be here any time now..."
Long-Haired Man/Touya: "I'll have to make my stand here."
Having lost any other recourse, the long-haired man took up a stance to begin drawing out his magic.
Unlike with martial arts, which have standard forms depending on whether they emphasize offense, defense, or range, all magic users have a different stance.
What's important is that the user feels they're in a position most suitable for their magic, something that just {fits}.
Long-Haired Man/Touya: "[Whirl wild, unfettered, and untamed.]"
The gust he unleashed created blades of air pressure that rushed at the boy.
Boy/Haruto: "Wind...!"
The boy was stopped by a wall of wind with no way to avoid its invisible attacks. Countless cuts grazed him before he could react.
While not very lethal on their own, the shallow cuts had to be blocked with his arms so as to avoid damage to more fatal areas like his eyes or neck, and the blood loss from the grazes would add up over time.
Long-Haired Man/Touya: "It must be hard for you to even keep your eyes open. I'll kill you just like this... {taking my time to slice you to ribbons}."
...The man had {lied}.
Anyone levelheaded would be able to figure out what the cornered rat's plan really was.
The long-haired man was on the run, and his time was limited.
The little slices served to draw the boy's attention while the man prepared for his fatal blow.
Boy/Haruto: "This is your last warning! Cease your resistance!"
Long-Haired Man/Touya: "I wonder who will stop resisting first..."
The long-haired man focused his long-range attacks, bringing forth a new gust of unparalleled accuracy.
Like trees felled with an axe, the streetlights to the right and left of the boy bent down toward him.
Boy/Haruto: "...?!"
Long-Haired Man/Touya: "This only happened because you kept spouting all that naive shit! You had plenty of chances for a counterattack!"
At the same moment the long-haired man set in motion his trap, he took off like a bullet—challenging the boy.
It would be simple for the boy to avoid the streetlights. But in that instant, the long-haired man could launch a point-blank attack of powerful magic...
Boy/Haruto: "........."
It's a reckless gamble, but one that's unexpectedly... effective.
Rather than careful plans, simple tricks like these are much more effective.
The long-haired man was well aware of how important it is to be decisive in a fight.
Boy/Haruto: "...I told you that the next one wouldn't miss."
However. That idea. That logic. It required the balance of power between them to be close to equal.
Boy/Haruto: "[Burst into flames.]"
Concentrating his five senses in the palm of his hand and releasing it—that was the boy's most effective way to utilize his magic.
A wave of heat erupted from the hand he'd slammed to the ground, warping the streetlights that threatened to crush him.
The poles bent like wires, falling down on the long-haired man, who'd been trying to take the boy's flank.
Long-Haired Man/Touya: "Oh, fu—"
He avoided them at the last moment... but, unluckily for the long-haired man, he'd only dodged {the after-effect} of the boy's attack.
Noises he wasn't used to hearing—crushing, smashing, burning noises—rushed past him.
Blue flames drew welts behind them as they rushed through a concrete sea, as if an embodiment of the boy's conviction, as if a melody of destruction.
Completely stripping the well-paved road, the blue flames swam their way through the ground and brushed the long-haired man's toes.
Long-Haired Man/Touya: "This is, this power is—"
It was all too late for him.
The flames flared up around the long-haired man as if to drown out his death cries and proudly did their work.
====================A001.TXT====================
Tout: "Come on, mister, you sure you don't want a massage? I'll make it cheap!"
Man Returning From Work: "Oh, knock it off. I keep telling you I've got a reservation somewhere else."
Under countless haphazardly placed neon signs, voices called out ceaselessly, persistent in their attempts to draw in business from the streets.
Senri: (...This town's the same as always.)
It was the same as what I saw every night in the entertainment district.
I passed by them without altering my pace, paying their exchange no mind.
...Until the woman fell to the ground in front of me, apparently shoved by the man in the suit.
Man Returning From Work: "Christ. Thinks she can do anything just 'cause she's young..."
The man appeared pleased to have resolved his situation.
Tout: "Ouch... Dumbass. Everyone in this town is a cheat, so I hope you get ripped off wherever you've got your stupid reservation."
Reflection/Senri: "......"
She certainly was aggressive with her work. As soon as she realized she was blocking my path, she put her work face right back on.
Tout: "Oh no, you saw something pretty embarrassing, sir. I think I might have twisted my ankle, so do you think you could carry... me..."
She seemed to notice something and straightened up, maintaining the uncomfortable proximity she'd gained with me.
Tout: "Sorry, mister, I didn't see it was you. How ya been?"
Reflection/Senri: "...Go see a doctor just in case."
Tout: "Hm? I was just lying about my ankle. Gotta try to get touchy feely for the business, y'know? But I know my tricks won't work on you, mister, and I don't need to use 'em anyway."
People in her line of work pay a lot of attention to the people they see on the streets. I've been here for a year now, so even if we're not well-acquainted, it's only natural that she'd recognize me.
Tout: "Why not stop by once? I'd love to have someone like you, mister. We can keep it a secret from the store and I'll pay, too."
Reflection/Senri: "There's somewhere I've got to be."
Tout: "...Too bad. Keep up the hard work, then!"
That was an unproductive use of my time. I'll have to take the other road the next time I come by here.
There's relaxation to be had even in an entertainment district with passions whirling through the air.
The first of which could be the hard-working vending machine that sits to the side of these busy streets, watching over the crowds impartially, its weak light somehow pitiable.
Reflection/Senri: "Nothing again... Back to square one..."
I took the can of Re:D Elephant, full of amino acids and vitamins ("The Strongest
Beverage - Definitely"), and tipped it back.
It's not as refreshing as a vegetable drink, but it does the work.
It deserves its reputation as a "drinkable IV."
I still had pieces of the rich chicken I'd eaten on my escape stuck between my teeth, but my thirst was rapidly quenched, at least.
Reflection/Senri: "........."
I took a rest, gazing passively at the ground, blackened with gum and garbage, and at the crowded buildings above.
When I'd drained the can of about half its contents—a shadow fell before me.
A man. A suit I remembered seeing a few minutes ago lay before me. He'd fallen to the ground, taking signs and recycling bins with him.
Man Returning From Work: "...Ah... gh... ugh..."
Perhaps he'd hit his shoulder when he fell. The man was curled up, but conscious. Was it dislocated or broken? Either way, it wouldn't kill him.
Vigilante Tetsu: "I think I could make it one day as a bowler! D'you see that, Yoshida? The Great Tetsu's giant swing!"
Vigilante Yoshida: "What're you talking about? He's just relieving some stress after getting socked at the church, Takemaru-san."
Vigilante Takemaru: "Nothin' he coulda done about Mickey. It's just that time of the month for him. Tetsu's pissed he can't pick up the chick he's after."
A well-dressed man on the other side of the street looked like he'd been thrown in much the same way.
Vigilante Yoshida: "Get outta here! Don't you see these team colors?! We of the vigilante corps are just making sure any old stallions not leading a responsible life are getting the punishment they deserve!"
Vigilante Tetsu: "You were in a lot of trouble, good citizens♪ Good thing we were here to protect the peace#♪"
The touts fled into their shops and the passersby who'd come out from the alleyways at the commotion scattered as well.
The self-proclaimed vigilante corps looked out over the scene proudly. Another sight that I can't say is out of the ordinary in the entertainment district.
They're scoundrels who do nothing but hit on women, extort people, and pick fights, but they've got it into their heads that their job is to deter crime.
Vigilante Takemaru: "Here we go. How long are you gonna roll around on the ground for, old man? It can't hurt that much. If you've learned your lesson, pay up, eh?"
Man Returning From Work: "...Gh... Let me go... I won't come back... I need that money... it's my livelihood..."
I have no interest in their "peacekeeping" and there's no need for me to watch this whole scene play out.
I tipped back my can, savoring the last drop, and went to dispose of my garbage in the nearest receptacle, passing through the group of men.
Vigilante Tetsu: "Oi! You think you can stroll right through here, fucker?!"
Vigilante Takemaru: "Hey, leave him be. Help me flip this old dude over instead. He's got his wallet in his ass pocket."
I heard a voice from behind me, but didn't turn around, since it hadn't left an impression on me. Instead I stood up the bin again and disposed of my can.
Vigilante Yoshida: "Hold it right there, punk! You're not even gonna bow your head to us on our turf? Just whose hard work do you think allows you to live in peace here#?!"
Vigilante Takemaru: "Ooh, you're in trouble now! If you don't turn around and apologize, you're gonna go flying too!"
It's nothing to be making such a fuss over. Why do they go to so much trouble to get involved with me when I'm nothing but an extra?
Reflection/Senri: "......"
Vigilante Tetsu: "Hello?! Are you listening, you little shit?! You're not thinking you can just ignore us and leave, huh?!"
As they indicated, I was trying to leave, when I felt a violent hand on my shoulder... and heard the tearing of fabric.
Reflection/Senri: "............"
Vigilante Tetsu: "Heehahaha, it ripped. It ripped! It looked kinda burnt already, though. You playin' with fire, kid? Heehahaha!"
The vestiges of my encounter with that blue flame on the shoulder of my coat... I hadn't even noticed that the boy's scorching heat still lingered on my arm.
I thought I'd avoided it completely, but for this to happen with only a graze is impressive... His range was far too wide.
Vigilante Takemaru: "You sure got quiet. Violence is scary, isn't it? I get it, I get it. We don't like pain either, see? {You get that, right}?"
Come to think of it, I've gotten involved here, haven't I?
I didn't want to go to the trouble of opening my mouth, so I gave him a noncommittal nod and stuck the hand I'd placed on my burned coat into my pocket.
I turned around and looked the men over.
Vigilante Yoshida: "The heck? You've got a pretty face for a dude—"
Vigilante Tetsu: "Th-This is... the guy who trounced Mickey last year like it was nothing..."
Vigilante Takemaru: "Mister, uh... Senri, was it?"
Senri: "........."
Vigilante Takemaru: "Hey, how come nobody recognized him from behind? What are we supposed to do now?!"
I bought a Re:D Elephant for everyone present, setting the cans on the ground.
Senri: "You lose your temper when you're thirsty, don't you?"
Vigilante Tetsu: "Huh? Y-Yeah... I guess so...?"
I put one to the cheek of the man in the suit, still curled up in a ball.
He twitched and looked up timidly at my face.
Senri: "There's one for you, too."
Vigilante Yoshida: "........."
I left the area, taking advantage of the sudden silence.
No one else called out to me on my way.
An apartment above a business establishment. I unlocked my door and stepped in, only to find the butt of a trespassing caterpillar in the perfect position for a good kick.
Caterpillar/Ageha: "If I say 'seventeen times,' can you tell how long you kept me waiting?"
Senri: "......"
Caterpillar/Ageha: "That's the number of times I went on a reroll spree in this new mobile game, since I was so bored."
Caterpillar/Ageha: "By 'reroll spree,' I mean making a new account again and again to see if I can get a strong summon with the starting bonus, by the waaay."
Caterpillar/Ageha: "How pointless is that#? It's a game to get a game started. You're surprised, aren't you? You're thinking, 'I've never heard of a more pointless waste of time,' right?"
Caterpillar/Ageha: "Laugh, why don't you."
Senri: "......"
Caterpillar/Ageha: "Aww#♪ You ignored me# I don't know if I can hide how turned on I get from such a cold attitude."
She squirmed in those seductive hot pants of hers, shaking her hips as though she was exercising.
Caterpillar/Ageha: "See, I like doing things for free, you know?"
Caterpillar/Ageha: "But they've got this promotion going where if you pay, you get SM equipment. I'll drink to that. I'll drink it all down even if it's a little yellow."
Caterpillar/Ageha: "Oh, would it be easier if I lifted my butt up a little more? It's totally in there, isn't it..."
If I leave her alone, she'll keep going.
I'm at a disadvantage here if I try to get her to leave.
So I can't ignore her anymore.
Senri: "Even if it's not on paper, since I'm paying you rent, this counts as my room, doesn't it?"
Caterpillar/Ageha: "How cocky of you, Sen-chan. It's because you're so cocky that you keep cockblocking me from your rock-hard cock."
Caterpillar/Ageha: "...H-Heheh... shi... shit... what a stupid line, heheheh, I said it myself and I'm cracking up, heheh, shit, gimme a second."
Senri: "......"
Caterpillar/Ageha: "Ahem. Getting back on topic..."
Caterpillar/Ageha: "Please, Sen-chan, cunt we jizz be friends#?"
Senri: "Listen, Ageha."
Ageha: "What is it, Senri♪?"
Senri: "Stand up for a minute."
My loitering landlady crawled closer and smiled like the Cheshire Cat.
Ageha: "I can't stand from Reroll Spree Burnout Syndrome. Ca#rry# me#"
She coiled herself around my legs like some sort of nightmare creature.
Ageha: "What's with the face? Are you defying your landlady-cum-employer?!"
As she made me drag her whole body weight over to the couch, she seemed the very picture of sloth.
Ageha: "Carry me, ah! That hurt, carr... aah! I'm being abused! Sen-chan's torture porning me and I might be enjoying it! My third eye is being opened!"
Senri: "Good. If I poke it, maybe it'll close."
Ageha refused to support her own weight even as she bumped against all my furniture on our way to the couch. When I tossed her on top of it, she made a sound like a squealing piglet.
Ageha: "...Look at that little pout. So cute, Sen-chan."
The word "pout" hardly applied here, but I silently sat her up without pointing out that piece of information.
People can ruin themselves spending too much time lying down.
One should limit their relaxation to the times when their brain is sending out signals of fatigue, but this sloth will keep relaxing for far longer than she needs to.
But if you plant your feet on the ground again, you can regain your rationality.
I know it's faster at this point to just sit her up myself.
Ageha: "So, where were you? You said you'd be home early today, didn't you?"
Senri: "I did not. I haven't spoken to you since the day before yesterday."
Ageha is acquainted with a good number of unauthorized Casters in the entertainment district—OutCasts, in other words.
She manages a business through this network that offers work that, while temporary and borderline illegal, pays extremely well.
Even if there are crimes that could only be committed by an OutCast, it's hard to imagine those leading to any profitable business.
How, then, does this work turn a profit?
Well, the biggest reason is probably the particular position OutCasts enjoy.
Regular police officers can't stand against their power. That alone makes them incredibly troublesome.
A culprit caught in the act could easily escape arrest before BURST has time to arrive at the scene.
It's a different story when they commit serious crimes like murder, robbery, or arson, but the police will give up on investigating most minor offenses.
After all, there's a precedent of OutCasts endangering crowds of bystanders during their escapes.
Ageha's business thrives only because of the way things are currently balanced. Really, it could be destroyed at any moment.
Ageha: "Oh nooo... If you stare at me like that you'll burn a hole in me, Sen-chan! You gonna pay-to-win me?"
Ageha can be shrewd sometimes. As she makes her money from selling information, she rarely has to do any work herself, and she seems careful enough that no one who gets in trouble could bring it back to her.
Senri: "I'm glad your work seems to be going well for you."
Ageha: "A gal like me's gotta use her connections to live the easy life, y'know#"
Senri: "...Just stop getting me involved in those connections of yours—the criminal ones."
Ageha: "Ouch! My head! Owowow! My chronic pay-to-win addiction and my amnesia at the same time! I can't take this!"
Senri: "I'm talking about two days ago."
Senri: "I only went there because you said 'some personal friends were in trouble and I just had to,' and I find your pals playing tag with BURST."
Senri: "The two of them got away in the commotion I caused during my escape, by the way."
Ageha: "Hm? Mhm."
She looked at me as if to say "what about it?" with no regard for the crimes she'd asked me to abet for her.
Still, we'll never come to an agreement if we keep this up.
That's just what Ageha is like.
I have to put up with that behavior if I want information from her.
Senri: "I was in the city center on my own business, but those two punks sneaking around in that parking lot—did that have anything to do with you?"
Ageha: "Huh? Aw, man... Those guys, huh? They're resorting to grand theft auto just 'cause I won't give 'em any work, eh?"
Ageha: "If they're gonna team up, it'd be more fun if they went after something big like a museum, don't you think? Can't believe they'd go right for something so brainless as Atori hunting. No class!"
Senri: "I'm not in this business, Ageha. Fill me in here."
Ageha: "'Atori: top-class magic tech.' You don't know the best in the Magi-making biz?"
Senri: "No... that's enough."
I just wanted to know Atori's connection to the vehicle thievery, but I think I've got it figured out.
They were probably after the magic converters in hybrid cars.
The latest magic technology would be involved in such large-scale parts manufacturing, and I hear Atori's monopolized the market.
They can check from outside the car using a Magi detector, and do the deed if they get a response. I bet that's what was going on.
For them, it's probably killing two birds with one stone to go after valuable Atori products while they treasure hunt in less secure vehicles.
...As I thought about all that with my eyes still pointed at Ageha, she smiled languidly, probably thinking there was some other reason for my gaze.
Ageha: "I'm sorry I'm so sexy. Too much of a feast for the eyes can be poisonous, huh? Should we have a good time together? We can go until death do us part."
Senri: "You only have the one life your parents gave you. Make sure to treat it with care."
Ageha: "Feh, you don't even blink! Ah, yeah, yeah, I get it, I get it. I bet you'd freak if Fiona said that, though."
Kousaki Fiona Annabel... My only impression of that woman is that I have no impression.
Likewise, I had no impression of her comment, so I just nodded instead of responding.
Ageha: "Y'know, I'm always surprised you put up with a worthless incarnation of the seven deadly sins such as myself."
Senri: "Your pointless chatter didn't start yesterday."
Ageha: "You don't think it's a waste of time talking to a lamebrain like me?"
Senri: "I only do what I need to, after all."
I replied in no time.
A wise man hides a leaf in a forest.
And an OutCast hides in the entertainment district.
Ageha owns a building that's perfect for hiding out in. And...
Senri: "You're much cleverer than somebody with no self-awareness."
Ageha: "Sen-chan... you think I'm smart? Are you hitting on me?"
Senri: "More importantly, Ageha."
The conversation was going nowhere good, so I cut it short.
Ageha: "...You can't wait any longer?"
I narrowed my eyes when she wrapped her arms around herself and gave me a sickening look.
Ageha: "Heheheh♪ Let me give my puppy dog a quest reward, then!"
She listlessly headed over to the refrigerator and returned carrying a tupperware container as big as a sink.
Ageha: "It's my patented 'Waste-Not-Want-Not Soup' I made with leftover oden broth. There's plenty left, so eat a bunch to refill your stamina, mmkay? Premium players need to last all night!"
I opened the plain lid and a simple, Japanese scent came from the container.
I grabbed a soup spoon and casually brought some to my lips.
Ageha: "How is it?"
Senri: "No thoughts in particular... It's not really good or bad."
Ageha: "If you won't compliment me, let's spend our life savings paying to win. We'll aim for rank number one."
Senri: "It's a much more pedestrian flavor than I expected."
Ageha: "I don't know what you meeean!"
Senri: "...I can really taste the pork flavor. It's not bad."
Ageha: "Say 'pork' one more time. Look right at me and call me a 'fucking sow'♪ Tell me to stop oinking like the piece of pork I am♪♪♪"
They say that you can glean someone's true personality from how they cook. Is that true?
Senri: "........."
It was plain. So very plain.
It was low-effort home cooking with leftover ingredients. Not something I'd pay money for... and not something I'd risk dangerous favors to obtain.
But I swallowed it. It went down just fine.
It was the ultimate average cooking.
And eating it, I felt awfully relaxed.
When I realized I'd put away half of the soup, I happened to look up and notice that muddy smile of hers just in front of me.
Senri: "You've got a coat-hugging fetish, I see."
Ageha: "I wouldn't say that, though I'm into going around and breaking people's AC in summer and winter."
Senri: "That's not a fetish, it's terrorism."
Ageha: "This is my kindness. Kindness, okay? You'll get nabbed and questioned like this, won't you?"
Having glanced at my shoulder, Ageha looked over the tears in my coat and muttered "time for that, then."
I've never screwed up one of her favors before, so she's probably not worried I'm injured.
Ageha: "Lemme borrow your coat. I've got a Magi that fixes tears in cloth naturally, and since I'm not using it I wanna try it out."
Senri: "Do as you like."
Ageha: "Oh, are you worried I'll go and make it worse? So stupid, Sen-chan. Its selling point's supposed to be how natural it makes the stitches look. Though it was in the bargain bin."
Senri: "Give it back by tomorrow."
With a "well then," Ageha made to leave my room.
Ageha: "This probably isn't important, but you had a rather persistent doorbell-ringer while you were gone."
Senri: "Probably just somebody like you, up to some banal mischief."
Ageha: "They came three times, with some space in between."
Senri: "...Three times? You didn't answer the door? You could have at least made note of what they looked like."
Ageha: "They stopped right when I thought I'd answer the next time. D'you have a stalker, Sen-chan?"
Senri: "It's probably the Collector after you."
Ageha: "Collector? Oh, the one who goes after Rings... Hey, don't say scary stuff like that."
The number of times this visitor came made me think they were up to no good. It definitely stunk of some ill will, but since I had no way to confirm the truth, I decided not to think about it.
Ageha: "Well, time to get back to work and paying-to-win."
I nodded, her nonchalant words of parting not leaving any sort of impression on me.
Ageha: "I can feel how grateful you are for the meal, even without your thanks."
Collecting the tupperware, now empty of a single drop of broth or grain of rice, Ageha took her leave.
====================A002.TXT====================
Ageha: "Seeen-chaaan."
I felt a heavy impact to my stomach... right in the solar plexus, too.
Senri: "...Ageha... cut it out..."
Ageha: "I'm pretending to be a childhood friend! The kind that takes you by surprise and mounts you and shakes your shoulders, yelling 'buy me some gems, buy me some gems' in a sweet voice, urging you to pay so she can win."
Senri: "Can't say I'm terribly familiar with the concept... but I'm pretty sure... you wouldn't normally say things like 'mount' and 'pay-to-win'..."
Someone had invaded my room before dusk, my usual waking hours... I'd put my guard up when I heard the door unlocking, but picking out Ageha's familiar face in the dim light, I'd let it back down again.
Senri: "Let me ask just in case: what time do you think it is...?"
Ageha: "The time an office worker gets chewed out by his boss and, as if to strike the final blow, finds out that a new employee's laughing at him..."
Ageha: "...So getting fed up with everything, he starts letting off stress by paying-to-win?"
Senri: "Correct."
I said the word just to respond to her in some way and pulled my blanket back over my head.
Ageha: "C'mon, in all seriousness, it's three. Three-pee-em. Time for tea. It's more normal to be awake at this time."
Ageha: "Didn't you say you were like Napoleon in this era of sleep-inducing yoga? That you'd recover quickly? Was that a lie?"
It's not that I want to go back to sleep. I think it should be pretty obvious with a little thought that I'm doing this because I don't want to be roped into another pointless favor like yesterday.
Ageha: "C'mon, c'mon, are you too sleepy to put up a fight?"
Senri: "......"
Ageha: "What's it like... to be sleepy?"
I felt a strange malice in the entirely-too-stupid question.
Ageha: "How does it feel for someone to pester you like this when you're sleepy? You don't like it, do you? Is it almost too much? Are you not fond of photosynthesis? Is it that important to sleep?"
I could tell by her voice. The misfortune of others is the sweetest of nectars. Disturbing someone's sleep has made her captive of an incomprehensible pleasure.
This is the reason bullying will never disappear from human society. It's a human instinct brought about by natural selection.
The problem is that it's currently occurring to me, and it's especially troublesome that Ageha is the one doing it.
Ageha: "Heheheh, wanna see what Premium Player Ageha-chan can really do?"
Senri: "...Hey, don't even—"
Ageha: "[Splish-splash, gush-gush, all around the room♪]"
I had a premonition and threw off my blanket just as Ageha spun her finger in a circle.
GUSSSSSSSSSSSSSH—Water spouted at me as if from a flooding river.
Senri: "Bl...ub..."
My nose, my mouth, my ears. The water rushed in. A local downpour. Before I drowned, I sprung up and caught the cascade with the top of my head so that it ceased making its way inside my body.
She wasn't trying to kill me or anything, so it ended right away, but when I looked down at my pillow, I was met with a wretched sight.
I tossed the soaked pillow into the trash and looked Ageha's way, letting the water continue to drip from my hair.
Senri: "You use magic pretty casually, huh."
Ageha: "...M-Morning! C-Cough, cough, my chronic pay-to-win habit is... I don't know if I'll make it through the event..."
I suppose it's just like Ageha to not realize that it's pointless to make a "what do I do, maybe I overdid it" expression.
Ageha: "W-Well, I guess I just kinda awakened to this odd pleasure in disturbing somone's sleep, or maybe I should say I deeply regret letting my sense of superiority get the better of me..."
Senri: "Gimme your arm."
Ageha: "...Hyah?! Huh? Wai—?!"
Ignoring Ageha's confusion, I pulled her arm up to my face.
Ageha: "Wait, wait, wait! You're gonna break it, wait! If you're gonna do it, at least push the 'pay' button first!!"
Senri: "...The effect of a Ring, eh?"
Normally, Rings are only granted to Casters officially recognized by the government.
While documenting each individual's magic use, they also have a function that sends the wearer's location with their name attached to a government facility.
On the other hand, those who don't have them are swiftly deemed OutCasts and apprehended when they use magic.
Ageha: "Y-Yeah, you don't have one, do you, Sen-chan? What do you think? Just like the real thing, right?"
Ageha took a boasting pose, maybe trying to get me to forget about that flooding incident just now.
The Ring Ageha had on her arm was an item currently all the rage with OutCasts.
They'd just appeared on the market and were difficult to obtain, as it wasn't clear where they were circulating from and there didn't appear to be many of them to go around.
Ageha: "Us OutCasts can do whatever we like with these, so we're thankful, y'know?"
If they were just made to look like the real thing, they'd be nothing more than toys for children, but these Rings supposedly made it more difficult for magic use to be ascertained. I had no idea if that was true, of course.
What's more, I hear it draws out more magical power than its wearers are normally capable of using, though that sounds even fishier to me.
Ageha: "It's fine. The feds aren't gonna move on a magic response that small, and magic crap happens all the time around here anyway."
Senri: "Lemme see it, Ageha."
Ageha: "Can't."
Senri: "I'll give it right back. I just need it for a second."
I asked her in a casual tone, but Ageha gave me a strangely emotional shake of the head.
Ageha: "That's not it... This is the only keepsake I have left of a fellow premium player..."
Ageha: "He was a paragon of the industry, walking the premium path with no regard to what anyone said... but he died in a tragic accident."
Ageha: "It was all too sudden. But if I keep this close, it's like we're still together! We can pay-to-win forever!!"
Ageha: "To me, it's an irreplaceable treasure... my most precious possession..."
Senri: "Uh huh."
I responded emotionlessly in a half-sigh.
Senri: "Just lemme see it."
Ageha: "Huh?! Weren't you listening? I was expecting a heavier atmosphere here? Where's my pity?"
Senri: "Your left nostril twitches when you lie."
Ageha: "......"
Ageha: "...I wonder why junk food tastes so good."
Senri: "Changing the subject like nothing happened isn't gonna work."
Ageha: "...I'm not changing anything. I've been cooped up in the office lately............ I got fat and can't get it off my arm."
Her nose didn't twitch.
Senri: "Can't you pay to lose weight?"
After her honest confession, Ageha hung my coat on the back of the couch and shot me a resentful glare.
Ageha: "Whatever. I'm gonna go find some new games at the office. I'm gonna strive to find a balance between work and paying-to-win. I'm gonna support the industry."
She seems to be obsessed with this "pay-to-win" thing right now, but I doubt it'll last long. Ageha burns through new hobbies at an incredible rate.
Senri: "Didn't you want something?"
Ageha: "Ah... Just one thing. Get back what I lent to that waste warehouse. I'd prefer today, but whenever you have time's fine."
Senri: "Got it. And Ageha... thanks for saving me the trouble of washing my face."
Just in case, I reminded her on her way out.
Now Ageha should come by and quietly clean my soaked bed while I'm out today.
She can seem a bit unstable, but she's not gutsy enough to flood someone's room and then leave it like that.
Senri: "......"
I spread open my coat to make sure it was fixed... and a piece of paper slipped out of the inner pocket.
"This quest's rare drop is curry! Good luck!
Paying-to-win tastes like blood, the secret ingredient♪"
Senri: "...Sheesh."
Drying my hair with a towel, I rolled a 20-sided die on the table.
I took out the box corresponding to the number I'd rolled (16) from a drawer and yanked out the puzzle ring inside.
Senri: "High difficulty, eh..."
I don't have much of an interest in the entertainment district during the day, but sometimes one can be fortunate when doing things they're not used to.
I put on my coat and opened the door, letting some fresh air into the apartment.
...I took the opportunity to go out at an earlier time, but all that was waiting for me was the same kind of trouble.
This thought had gone through my mind because I'd witnessed a pair of men attempting to kidnap a girl while the sun was still high in the sky.
Like Ageha had said, it was 3:00—"time for tea."
Before the curtain of night falls, the entertainment district is dead. Nothing moves.
Life is breathed into the area only when customers arrive beneath the neon signs, seeking the excitement of night and letting passion swirl into motion.
I was a little surprised at just how dead it could be here at a time I'm usually not around, but if somebody screamed, not only would the perpetrators probably be reported, but anyone could remember their faces.
They must be pretty confident in their skills if they're kidnapping a girl in spite of that.
Said girl was strolling into the alley with them. She certainly had a pure, gullible look to her. Maybe my first impression wasn't wrong.
I heard a sound like a zipper unzipping in the darkness of a gap between two buildings.
One held the girl down, another quickly removed her clothes. This must not be their first offense, I thought. The two were efficient, and I didn't sense any hesitation from them.
As for the girl, she had probably been innocently strolling down the street just minutes earlier, but now she was being subjected to the darkness of the world—no, the darkness of human beings.
Girl/Ruu: "Ah, wait, haah! ...Oh."
The girl, teary-eyed and struggling, noticed my presence, and the two men quickly followed suit.
OutCast A: "Mhm... mhm... well, we know your face now. If I were you, I'd pretend you didn't see anything."
He wasn't nervous after being spotted by me, and instead addressed me in a low tone.
Perhaps this attitude stemmed from the Ring on his arm.
He was probably ranked "Rookie" or "Agent."
These two weren't playing around like the vigilantes, who were only able to talk down to others from within the safety of their pack.
The fact that this man was a true OutCast, wielding his personal magic as a weapon, was exceedingly {convenient} for me.
Girl/Ruu: "H-Help me, please! These men are big fat liars! They're acting completely different than how they were a minute ago!"
OutCast B: "...Huh? What, you're comin' this way? You think you can help her?"
Around the time the two of them gave me what was probably their final warning... I finished predicting that which would follow.
Senri: "That kid's a buddy of mine."
I fired off a warning shot with my handgun.
Having one is convenient when trying to live through a world as violent as ours.
Senri: "You may not have noticed, but {you guys are the victims here}... Begone, before I ventilate you."
OutCast B: "...W-We get it. It's not like we wanted to be doing this anyway, man."
Senri: "I don't care for your motives. If you don't leave, my next bullet's headed your way."
OutCast B: "...We hear you. Put the gun down. Don't even shoot as a warning, man. Accidents happen, get it?"
Not a bad bluff. They're quick to act, too. One drew my attention with his prattling, and while he lifted his arms to show me he couldn't resist, he hid his partner behind him.
The other one's the real trouble, then...
OutCast A: "Feh. A damn amateur... [Permission granted. Arise.]"
It's here. The man in back had his hand pressed to the ground.
That must be the form best suited to using his magic.
I prepared myself for the coming phenomenon in the short time it took for the magic circle to form.
That's it... With a thunderous noise, my sense of balance was snatched away.
The ground beneath me swelled up and in the blink of an eye I was lifted two stories, three stories... four stories up.
As if a giant slumbering deep underground had just awoken.
If I hadn't been prepared for it, I probably would have been knocked off of my feet.
OutCast A: "[Collapse.]"
The ground that had risen up under me crumbled as the girl screamed. I lost my footing and with gravity at work, I fell... quicker, quicker, quicker... until I hit the ground.
OutCast B: "Whoa there... [Divide, partition.]"
The OutCast created a partition to defend against the bullet-like pieces of rubble.
They're a good combination. Amid all the dust flying about, they launched a powerful attack at me without getting a speck of it on their clothes.
OutCast B: "Even little scrapes are gonna lower the price of our merchandise, bro. Hold back a little, would you?"
OutCast A: "Sorry for overdoing it, but... looks like our pal here's pretty light on his feet."
Landing without a scratch on me, I took note that the rumor about Rings increasing magic potential did seem to be true. That's one down.
Even considering the possibility their aptitude was high in the first place, this still lends a lot of credibility to the rumor.
There's one more thing I still want to check, however.
Senri: "Wait a second. I dropped my gun. I hurt my leg too, and I don't think I can move anymore."
OutCast A: "That's good news. In that case, I'll put you out of your misery."
Even if I hadn't, a gun wasn't going to do anything but amuse these two.
They had no need to get close to me; all they had to do was shoot their magic from a distance and enjoy the target practice.
Senri: "...What if I told you I knew where there was enough money to play around for the rest of your lives?"
OutCast A: "...I'm sure there are better ways to beg for your life."
OutCast B: "We don't need to listen to that crap. Let's just knock him dead and bury him, bro."
Senri: "It's not my money, of course. It belongs to an organization. With magic like yours, though, I bet you could steal it with ease."
OutCast A: "........."
Senri: "You recall the group making illegal Magi in bulk a while back?"
OutCast A: "...The dumbasses making unofficial, unauthorized, and extremely lethal Magi weapons even kids could use?"
Senri: "Exactly. They reported that there was no cash collected because they were caught well before they could sell any, but... what if they'd actually sold quite a bit?"
OutCast B: "Hey, don't listen to this—"
OutCast A: "Well, let's hear what he has to say. We can listen a little longer."
I succeeded in roping them into further conversation for a short while... around two or three minutes.
Of course, it was all lies to buy time.
It's well-known that lies are more easily believed if you mix some truth into them.
What's most important, however, is the technique needed to draw in someone who wouldn't normally listen to you.
For instance, you can tie everything up into a single question like "Can I add one last thing?" If you say too much, it's easy for the other party to tell when a conversation's being prolonged.
Senri: "......Well? That doesn't sound too bad, does it?"
It had been a few minutes since they'd used magic, but not only had BURST not rushed to the scene, the two of them hadn't fled in fear of that happening either.
That would be my other question answered.
Now I'm certain that the Rings circulating the entertainment district are dangerous frauds with their detection functions removed.
These two really were a {convenient} pair.
I'd obtained all the information I wanted to.
Now to deal with my assistants and leave.
Senri: "How about we just leave the money idea on the table and you let the kid go?"
OutCast A: "Not happening. You were after that in the first place, so it's more likely you're just making shit up."
Senri: "I'm not bored enough to go around picking on petty criminals. I said so in the beginning, didn't I? You guys are the {victims} here."
OutCast B: "......?"
Senri: "You haven't figured it out yet? That buddy of mine's into cross-dressing. As a fellow man, I was taking pity on you two."
OutCast A: "...Huh? Hey now, that's a joke, right?"
As long as I could surprise them, whatever stupid lie would work.
With their guards down from our conversation, they had been completely fooled.
The moment the two of them turned to look at the girl, half-smiling, gazing upon her flat chest... I gave her a simple signal.
Girl/Ruu: "......Huh?"
I pointed twice with my index finger at the ground: "Get down."
Girl/Ruu: "...!"
Senri: "I lied to you two just one time."
And that was it: {that there was just one lie}.
OutCast A: "Wha...?!!"
OutCast B: "Whoooooooa?!!"
Suddenly the flat concrete under them jutted up, sending them flying.
The two of them flew over the crouching girl's head like ragdolls... and landed just like I had before.
There was a terrible impact, like thunder, putting an end to their screams.
Girl/Ruu: "Haah, haah, you saved me."
Senri: "This only happened because you're too trusting."
Girl/Ruu: "Y-You think so? I guess I was in trouble there."
The girl, who'd run over to me, didn't seem to be taking my advice to heart.
Senri: "Stay there."
I'd dropped my gun earlier on purpose to feign helplessness.
I'd acted like it was my only weapon and dropped it in a place I couldn't easily retrive it from to get them to drop their guards—a simple enough trap.
Senri: "I haven't finished them off yet."
OutCast A: "You son of a bitch!! Are you the Collector?!!"
They were OutCasts, even if they were rotten ones.
Their fangs weren't fragile enough to shatter in one hit.
Senri: "Nothing so impressive as that... I'm just a curious passerby."
They'd avoided being knocked out by using some debris to defend against the impact. I saw the small magic circle forming before they went flying, so I'd known that already.
In not bothering to play dead or anything so troublesome, their amplified rage toward me was all too clear.
OutCast A: "[Roar, roar, roar, roooar!!]"
It was easy to direct their straightforward rage, and thus easy to predict their attack trajectories. I avoided the spear of rock he launched straight at my heart and ran toward him beneath it.
In a fight without rules, usually whoever moves first wins.
So it's easy to become overconfident.
It's easy to assume you're prepared for every counter.
Senri: "There's no need to shout."
OutCast A: "...?! [Cask of darkness, form unhindered!!]"
He opened up a cave-like ditch, trying to trap me inside.
Senri: "Too slow..."
I avoided the walls closing around me and pressed in on the spellcaster.
I opened up my fist and carved a cave out under the two of them.
OutCast A: "No way, I cast first, but... he's faster?!"
His face was frozen in shock, probably because I was moving faster than he was capable.
I shaped the earth in less than a second.
OutCast A: "Fuuuuuuuuuck!!"
The earth started to shift below me again.
He probably intended to take me down with him, but... it was already too late.
I was done acting.
Girl/Ruu: "Wow..."
Senri: "Howling like that's just a waste of energy. If you just wait a few moments, it'll open itself up."
They appeared to be trying to escape with magic from the inside instead of just shouting about it.
Senri: "I just happened to be good at the same magic as you. What an unfortunate coincidence."
It's not constructed so poorly that he'll get out of it too soon. One of them's probably knocked out, but the other one should be able to escape with some effort.
I could easily crush him when he emerges, defenseless in his rage, but I've taken care of what I was here for already.
I have no interest in the rest of this little scene, as it's left no impression on me.
Senri: "......"
Girl/Ruu: "......Eheheh..."
Senri: "You're not gonna get anything out of sticking with me."
Girl/Ruu: "Ru? What are you saying? You saved Ruu, didn't you?"
Senri: "...'Saved.'
......
Ah, so that's how you interpreted it."
Though it was slightly roundabout, the reason I stuck my nose into things was just to investigate the functions of the Rings... those are my true feelings.
True, it did result in the girl escaping harm, and she's now in perfect health, giving me a carefree smile.
But that's only for now.
The fundamental problem won't be solved unless she gets a little hurt.
It probably would have been a valuable experience for her.
{To put it simply, I shouldn't have saved her.}
Girl/Ruu: "Just like a friendly neighbourhood superhero. Are you always that cool?"
Senri: "Yep, all the time."
Someday the same thing will happen again.
Someday, surely, it'll happen again.
And no one will save her then... especially not me.
Girl/Ruu: "That was magic, right? I may use it every day, but I've only seen stuff that showy on TV before."
Girl/Ruu: "I'm impressed, seeing it up close like that."
Senri: "Yep, it's impressive seeing it up close."
Girl/Ruu: "Oh, but when I say 'impressed,' I mean just instinctively, like at the power involved, y'know? ...I might've been scared during the actual fight."
Girl/Ruu: "How strange... I'm usually so shy and can't talk to people this much... eheheh."
I was giving her stock replies, completely uninterested in the conversation as always and trying to find a way to extricate myself from it.
I have nothing more to say to this girl. Spending more time with her is as good as wasting it.
Girl/Ruu: "Oh, your shoes are all dirty because of Ruu. Please stay still, okay?"
I came up with an idea while she set about doing something completely unnecessary.
I'd give her a little push on the shoulder while she was stooped over and make my escape while she recovered her balance... ready to execute my plan, I gazed down at her.
Senri: "..............."
Naturally, the girl's clothes were designed in such a way that assumed you were looking at them from the front.
If you looked at her from below, you'd see her underwear, and if you looked from above, you'd see her cleavage.
Girl/Ruu: "It's not coming off......"
Smooth collarbones, endlessly snow white skin, and in unexplored territory, her bulging... bulging?
Senri: "Flat plains as far as the eye can see. Just a mirage, I suppose."
Girl/Ruu: "Ru? Did I catch you thinking something rude just now?"
Actually, if it were completely level, there's probably a certain group she'd be pretty popular with, but the land had a gentle slope of a few centimeters.
I had no particular interest in her feminine charms.
I suppose I couldn't help observing the visual information in front of me, though even I think I'm somewhat of a boring man for thinking thus.
I'd need a fitting reason to fling off the girl struggling valiantly against the dirt on my shoe out of the goodness of her heart.
Girl/Ruu: "Mph... mph... oh, just this one's clean now. Gotta do this one too..."
Senri: "........."
Girl/Ruu: "Ru?"
Senri: "Done doing something no one asked for?"
Girl/Ruu: "I'm sorry. I'm almost finished..."
Senri: "........."
Girl/Ruu: "U-Umm... this is a little hard to say, but... girls are really sensitive to how people look at them, you know."
Senri: "I'd say it's more a matter of personality than gender."
Girl/Ruu: "I feel some really persistent eyes on me, yep. I think it's the kind where the guy looking thinks he's hiding it well, but everyone around him can tell."
Girl/Ruu: "Like, 'man, that guy's eyes are glued to that poor innocent girl's chest,' yep."
Senri: "It's out of my hands. This is how misunderstandings occur."
Girl/Ruu: "I don't think ogling's in very good taste, but... you did save me. I'll let it slide."
Senri: "Get a little more meat on your bones, like a proper adult woman. Then we'll talk."
The girl put away her handkerchief, then looked up at me, strangely bashful.
Girl/Ruu: "I'm surprised you could tell from so far away, though. That I'm cross-dressing."
Senri: "............Huh?"
Girl/Ruu: "I was just thinking it's unusual for someone to get excited looking at breast pads like these. Not many people go for a girly boy like myself."
Girl/Ruu: "........."
My mind went blank for a second as I remembered the nonsense I'd spouted to confuse those OutCasts.
Girl/Ruu: "Heheh, heheheheh, just kidding. I haven't got one."
Senri: "I'm surprised. I'm surprised that you surprised me with the intention of surprising me."
Girl/Ruu: "It's a little embarrassing... but would you like to check to see that I haven't got anything? On top or on bottom, I mean..."
Senri: "...What you've got is the better of me."
When I sighed, the girl stood up straight and smiled.
Girl/Ruu: "My name is Ruu. A girl who was about to be attacked while trying to get directions to the church, but was rescued by a kind pervert."
Senri: "Senri. That's what everyone calls me, including myself."
Annoyed with the progression of this conversation, I still ended up introducing myself when prompted out of respect for her getting the better of me.
Girl/Ruu: "'Senri'... Sounds fake, but I don't think I'll be forgetting it anytime soon. I imagine I'll be hearing it enough from now on to get sick of it."
Senri: "Sorry, but this is our final goodbye."
Girl/Ruu: "By the way, Senri, do you know the way to the church?"
Senri: "Not interested. See you."
Girl/Ruu: "Do you know?"
I tried to turn around, but there she was. Right in front of me again.
Senri: "......"
Girl/Ruu: "Do you know the way?"
And again. She got in front of me.
As though she was predicting my movements.
Just when I was thinking she'd make an excellent marksman, a soft sensation found its way into my hand.
Girl/Ruu: "You don't want to go out with a cross-dressing boy?"
Senri: "If you stay a meter away and don't look at me funny, I don't mind taking you there."
Girl/Ruu: "You're so funny, Senri. Do you really believe I've got one? Or are you just scared of girls? Is that it?"
Senri: "Hurry up or you'll be left behind."
Girl/Ruu: "Ahh, wait! You're so meeean!"
====================A003.TXT====================
Vigilante Tetsu: "What're YOU lookin' a—Ack?! G-Go on ahead."
Vigilante Yoshida: "The heck's that guy want... And was it okay to let him inside? Mikihisa-kun's in there, y'know."
Ruu: "H-Hey, Senri, you can't just barge in like that. It's a holy place, you know."
Senri: "Nobody was at the front desk, were they? Aren't churches supposed to be open to anyone?"
Father Gaimon: "I was wondering who that was. Hello, Senri-san."
Senri: "Don't mind me. I just came to deliver this lost visitor."
Ruu: "Hello, Father. This is my first time here, but I've come seeking God's blessing."
Father Gaimon: "Have you? Please, make yourself at home."
Ruu: "Erm, there were a lot of unpleasant-looking people sitting outside today so it was very hard to come in. Though I got through easily enough since I was with Senri."
Father Gaimon: "I apologize for the difficulty, miss."
Mikihisa: "I'm the one having difficulties here."
Ruu: "Eeek!!"
Ruu: "Th-This guy's really dangerous! Senri, save Ruu from this cold-blooded killer!"
Senri: "What do you need me for? Aren't you believers invincible with God's protection?"
Mikihisa: "Senri? Tch... No wonder it smells. We've got a rat in here. What're you after? If you wanna root through the trash, try going out back."
Ruu: "Just do it, Senri! Give him a good whack, like before! Teach him how rough life is when you pick a fight with the wrong guy, c'mon!"
Senri: "........."
Mikihisa: "...You look serious now. Alright, let's go. This is a good chance to repay my debt."
That would be meaningless. He's left no impression on me.
Mikihisa: "Huh? You running away, you spineless wimp?"
Ruu: "Ooh, he's taking out a cigarette in a holy place like this? He's gotta be a villain! Senri, this is your cue!"
Father Gaimon: "Mikihisa."
Mikihisa: "?! What're you doing, gramps?! Give it back!"
Father Gaimon: "You may do your smoking after our meal, outside."
Mikihisa: ".........Tch!!"
Ruu: "My... He doesn't budge an inch. The Father may be worth a lotta points."
I let the scene play out, not particularly interested in it. Now that I'd guided Ruu here (though I still wasn't quite sure why), I had no more reason to stick around.
Father Gaimon: "Would the two of you like to join us? We're actually about to—"
???/Fiona: "Aaaaaaaah!!"
Father Gaimon: "?! That was... Ah, Senri-san!"
There are all sorts of screams.
Shrieks of adoration towards idols and the like, heartfelt cries of deep emotion, or the scream just now, which betrayed danger to one's life.
A departure from normality always followed screams like that.
I was highly sensitive to those sorts of situations.
So I leapt into action...
And arrived there shortly.
Senri: "Hey, what happened?"
The room was stained tomato-red, like paint had been spilled everywhere.
A vivid, mad color. And it wasn't only the room stained by it.
There was someone there.
On the floor.
Unmoving, the source of the scream.
The sticky liquid also covered her long legs, which were sprawled out on the floor.
Senri: "This is... definitely a lethal amount."
It was the church's sister, and the main draw for many of its visitors... Kousaki Fiona Annabel.
Fiona: "......Urgh..."
Senri: "So you're alive."
Fiona: "...Well, it's not exactly a matter of life and death."
As if resurrecting from death, the sister opened her eyes, a cloying strawberry scent all around her.
Fiona: "Oh, whoa?! Shoot... I-I really made a mess, huh."
Senri: "I suggest you get cleaning. By yourself."
Fiona: "Don't say that! Help me out! Oh, what will Father Gaimon say?!"
Senri: "Jam is packed full of additives, you know. This amount would definitely kill you. Have a little restraint."
Fiona: "That's just the cheap store-bought stuff. This is homemade, full of nutrients, and delicious, so—Wait, Senri-san?"
Homemade. So that's why it's so watery.
Fiona: "What are you doing at the church, Senri-san? I know, you're here to laugh at my mistakes, aren't you?"
Senri: "You only just now realized you were talking to me?"
Fiona: "There was delicious, delicious jam in my eyes, so I couldn't see. Ooh, that stings, but I'm okay..."
The jam dripped to the floor from her head. It was quite the spectacle. But she probably wouldn't have tripped and fallen for no reason.
Senri: "A cat was behind this."
Fiona: "That's right! A kitty cat jumped at me from the window and I was so surprised I dropped the jar of jam!"
Fiona: "......Wait, how could you tell?"
Senri: "With this much jam on the floor, the culprit was bound to leave footprints."
Fiona: "Huh...? Ah, ah, aaah!! My very own  toe bean stamps!"
Fiona: "Aaah, how cute...♪ I can't clean this up! It'd be such a waste! Praise the Lord and His blessings upon us...♪"
Fiona: "Ahh, but... my three-star-restaurant jam all went to waste, didn't it... Have mercy..."
Her expression rapidly changed as she swung through feeling deep emotions at every insignificant thing.
The sight of her was so very "normal."
She was the sort of girl you'd find anywhere.
I could feel "normalcy" emanating clearly from her.
Fiona: "And I was so proud of it..."
The sister was disappointed, but the sight of her covered in the watery jam was almost alluring.
That coupled with the pose she was in meant it was likely that anyone who came running after me would come to some troublesome misunderstanding.
To put it simply, it looked almost like I was assaulting her.
Senri: "That's enough about the jam. I think it's about time you changed and cleaned this up."
Fiona: "Hrm. It's not regular jam. It's delicious jam. Please revise your statement."
Senri: "What are you so hung up on?"
Fiona: "I'm frustrated. I don't have any more left, so I can't make you try it and realize how much you're underrating its deliciousness."
Senri: "...You're a lot of trouble, aren't you."
Fiona: "Doesn't the Lord ask that we be humble?"
Senri: "'Let not man triumph.'"
Fiona: "...Well, I'm glad you understand."
Senri: "I also find it fortunate that you think so."
Fiona: "In that case, there's only one thing to be done! The jam is right here. Where, you ask? Well... there's plenty of it stuck all over me!"
Senri: "If you hit your head, you should have said so sooner. I'll go get someone, so don't move, okay?"
Fiona: "I'm perfectly healthy! You're the one being stubborn here, Senri-san! Now! Please choose anywhere you like and just come at me!"
It looks as if becoming preoccupied with one thing makes her blind to everything else around her.
This gives me a very different impression than the prim and proper sister I've encountered before, but everyone has different sides of themselves.
Senri: "I get it already, so go change before you get covered in ants. I'm leaving."
Mikihisa: "What the hell happened in here?"
Ruu: "What's going on?! Is this blood?!"
Father Gaimon: "...It doesn't appear to be. I thought my heart might stop for a moment."
Fiona: "You've come at the perfect time, everyone! Senri-san is about to lick me from head to toe, so could you stay and watch?"
Fiona: "I'm sure he'll collapse in a puddle of jam, unable to hide his shame, so please be his witnesses, everyone!"
Senri: "........."
Three pairs of eyes all settled on me. I looked them right back and carefully observed the emotions behind each.
Eyes saying they won't touch me lest their fists rot.
Eyes saying they've seen someone irredeemable for the first time in their life.
Eyes frightened they might be next for my fangs to sink into.
Pondering for a bit, I came to the conclusion that I'd been dragged to a place I'd never escape unscathed from and sighed.
Senri: "Sorry for bothering you."
I jumped out from the window, smudging out the toe bean stamps with my feet as a way of getting back at Fiona.
Senri: "Good grief."
First Ageha, then Ruu... Maybe I've drawn "ill fortune with women" today.
I doubt I'll be able to enter the church for a little while, but that shouldn't be a problem.
====================A004.TXT====================
The once-sleeping town was beginning to wake.
I dodged waves of touts and found the shop I had business with amid countless shady stores.
Junk Magi were lined up in the windows. I had no idea who would buy these.
I grabbed something out of a haphazardly stuffed case that was practically a garbage bin and pulled several items out at once, wiring from some kind of circuit board tangling them all together.
I'm sure there are customers who like this sort of atmosphere, but...
Senri: "..."
Putting the items back, I turned around.
I'd sensed a strange presence. Maybe I was just sensitive, since something about that persistent doorbell-ringer Ageha mentioned was bothering me.
Senri: "...Guess I'll go in."
The shopkeep had his elbow up on a display case, hiding his face with an archaic newspaper.
He either hadn't noticed he had a customer, or he had no intention of greeting me in the first place. Probably the latter. I doubt you could keep up a smile and a good attitude for long with only window shoppers.
Senri: "How much would it cost to buy out this place?"
Shopkeeper/Etoh: "........."
Senri: "Are you hard of hearing?"
Shopkeeper/Etoh: "Don't say stupid shit."
Senri: "Oh, I'm quite serious."
I walked through the store, looking for anything that could be interesting.
This was my third time here. The last time was about half a year ago, and I remember leaving right away since nothing in particular had caught my interest.
Senri: "The stuff in the back is complete junk. Like it was just shoved in there with no regard for proper display. The things on this shelf at least look usable, but have you tested any of them out?"
Shopkeeper/Etoh: "Who knows. No guarantees."
If he's just doing this because it's his hobby, that's one thing, but this is supposed to be a business.
Doesn't he care if it succeeds?
A lack of customer service is a believable enough reason to drive away customers.
Senri: "You've got the Atori goods where it's easy to find them."
Shopkeeper/Etoh: "Don't put them back."
Senri: "...Hm?"
Shopkeeper/Etoh: "You touch it, you buy it."
Senri: "So that's the rule here."
Pretty thorough. If that's the style of Etoh, the shopkeeper of this "waste warehouse"... then I guess I'll do what I came here for.
Senri: "......"
He didn't move at all when I nodded and headed toward the register, perhaps suspicious of my agreeable behavior.
In that case, I won't fool around.
Shopkeeper/Etoh: "—Magic!"
When the register burst open, scattering his proceeds, the shopkeep reached for a gun hidden behind him. The speed he displayed seemed far greater than normal.
Shopkeeper/Etoh: "Get down on the floor with your hands up."
Senri: "How disturbing. I just came to pick something up. I think you know what I mean."
Shopkeeper/Etoh: "I'm gonna give you a plastic bag that you can crawl inside. You won't be able to take responsibility for your dirty blood getting all over everything once you're dead."
Senri: "I think you'd be taking responsibility then, Etoh."
Etoh: "...You know me?"
Senri: "You don't have any business using the word 'dirty' when you're running this place on Ageha's dirty money."
When he heard the name Ageha, Etoh gave an annoyed cluck of his tongue.
Senri: "I'm not interested in the details. I was just told to retrieve something."
Senri: "If you want me to buy what I touch, we'll just deduct it from your debt. I'll be taking what's here for the time being."
Etoh: "...Do what you want."
I told him I'd be taking it, but I didn't actually lay a hand on the money.
While only pretending to do so, I carefully observed Etoh's reaction out of the corner of my eye.
Etoh: "Just take it and get out."
He's giving up far too easily.
There's too little money in the register.
He probably put it there on purpose.
It's obvious that it's just there for dealing with Ageha.
However, this situation is convenient. It's going exactly as I thought it would when I accepted the job.
Senri: "From the looks of things, you seem to deal in firearms too."
Etoh: "Of course I don't. That one was just for self defense."
Senri: "It's not good to tell lies."
I leaned over the counter to find a vertical rifle rack. There weren't any guns on it, but Etoh seemed to understand the nature of my gaze.
Etoh: "Come back later. The rest's just for stock, and I don't have anything worth money left over."
Senri: "...I said {I wasn't interested in the details}, but that was just regarding your debt to Ageha."
Senri: "What I'm personally interested in... is the information I have about you handling some unusual goods."
Etoh: "Who'd you hear that from?"
Senri: "You've got some of those fancy bracelets, don't you?"
I ignored his question, staring him in the eyes as if I already had all my answers.
Senri: "Etoh-san."
Etoh doesn't know anything about me. Even if he knows I'm connected to Ageha somehow... he hasn't put together how much I know or what my goal is.
So I pressed him before he could do any more thinking.
Senri: "Not the official ones. These are fun {toys}, distributed illegally and selling quickly."
Etoh: "......I don't have any."
Senri: "You have few enough to {say} you don't have any."
Etoh: "I'm not stupid. Sure, I've got some modified Magi toys sitting in the back, but I don't have what you're after."
Senri: "I understand, just get it out already. Even if you don't have any to sell, you've at least got a sample to show off, right?"
Etoh: "Are you... the Collector?"
Senri: "You've got one, don't you?"
Etoh: "......"
As soon as he got a little time to think, I pressed him again with an "Etoh-san?"
Etoh: "I'm not involved in the Ring modification at all. I happened to come across some, sold 'em as limited-edition goods, and ran out in no time."
Senri: "Keep going."
Etoh: "...That's all there is to say."
Senri: "So Rings just {happened} to fall into your lap? I don't buy it. If you tell me the truth, I wouldn't mind {rewarding} you."
Etoh: "I'm not lying."
Etoh: "I doubt you'll get what I mean, but... the guy I received the goods from was someone in a disguise, someone other than the usual guy I do business with."
So it wasn't a delivery mistake, but a third party purposely delivering them to Etoh.
Maybe they needed to get rid of them for some reason and forced them onto him.
Etoh: "What's creepy is that I haven't taken a loss here. They haven't billed me, and I haven't heard a peep from 'em for a month."
Etoh: "They're dangerous goods, so I sold 'em little by little, to people I trust. I really wonder what this guy wanted, going so far as to disguise himself to give me those Rings."
It's always hard to discern the origins of smuggled goods.
Rings are profitable. If there were even the most trivial of leads, Etoh would probably be chasing it already.
I could come up with some theories as to their motive thinking back from why they chose this store, but I wouldn't be able to draw any strong conclusions.
Senri: "You don't remember their face?"
Etoh: "I didn't see it. They just set down a box with Rings in it and left."
Senri: "How about their gender? Their age? Did they have any particular features that stood out?"
Etoh: "I couldn't tell anything. The guy's only feature was..."
After saying all that, this time he was the one who looked me in the eye.
Realizing his intention right away, I told him what he wanted to hear as quickly as I could.
Senri: "...{I've never met you, and your store was closed}."
I have no idea what his debt is to Ageha, but this job came in handy enough for me.
Etoh: "He hid everything under a hood."
Senri: "........."
A hood.
I repeated the words again and again behind my lips.
I felt like I'd advanced a step toward finding the solution to this puzzle ring.
It's going to be a lot of boring work, and it'll take a horrible amount of time to solve... but I'm definitely getting closer.
I felt that for certain.
It was a few minutes after I'd left the waste warehouse. I was wandering around the entertainment district outskirts instead of heading back to Ageha's office.
This was because the gaze I'd been sensing had become all the more clear to me.
That pair of eyes belonged to someone very cautious, who'd been tailing me all this time without showing even a glimpse of themselves.
If I turned around and approached, they'd probably realize I'd spotted them and flee.
I shouldn't pursue them. I should have them pursue me.
The problem is after they're caught. Naturally I'd prefer a place with as few people as possible...
Senri: "Guess I'll make a move."
I picked up my pace a bit and weaved my way into an alley.
Just as I remembered, there was something installed here that rarely saw use.
As I passed it by, I set my trap.
???/Shioriko: "........."
???/Shioriko: "......He's not here..."
???/Shioriko: "Did he notice me...? And it was going so well."
???/Shioriko: "?!"
Senri: "...What's your business with me?"
As she pondered how to respond to the sudden question, she left herself completely unguarded.
???/Shioriko: "Huh? Ahh!"
While my pursuer stood there defenseless, I came up behind her and kicked her below the knee. Before she could resist, I knocked her off balance and pinned her arms behind her.
???/Shioriko: "........."
She quieted right down. Resigned to her fate, I suppose.
What I'd used was a magic detector, one that had been placed here when OutCasts had started their rampant criminal activity here in the entertainment district.
They were always present in places with frequent magical crime, like these sort of alleyways. With a little bit of fiddling, you can get one to malfunction like that.
Even in a world where magic has become commonplace, people will pay attention to things they don't understand.
???/Shioriko: "Don't you know that abusing public property with magic is a crime?"
Senri: "People are all basically criminals from the planet's point of view. Are you going to treat OutCasts like they're cancer cells?"
???/Shioriko: "I'd have to consider murderers cancer cells, at least."
Senri: "I see. I guess that'd make me a cancer cell, since I'm going to crush your skull in a few seconds."
???/Shioriko: "Sounds like a plan to me. I won't have time to scream, and it'd be easy to clean up, too."
Senri: "........."
???/Shioriko: "........."
Her eyes were calm.
She was used to violence.
And she was prepared for the consequences of her mistakes.
I'd thought if I put her through some pain, she'd cough up the reason she was following me, but I don't think she's bluffing.
???/Shioriko: "You would be Senri, the OutCast recruiter, correct?"
I'm near Ageha to hide myself and to obtain information. I'm not working with her. But thinking it would move things along quicker, I nodded.
Senri: "While I'm at it, let me tell you my hobby. It's figuring out who you are and what you want with me."
???/Shioriko: "Then I suppose my hobby would be interfering with other people's hobbies."
Senri: "I don't suppose you also enjoy ringing people's doorbells."
???/Shioriko: "...? I'm not sure what you mean."
Senri: "...I doubt it, but are you the Collector?"
Her bag fell off of her twisted shoulder. With the momentum, something like a notebook fell from it, and some paper came loose from that in turn.
It was a business card. I scanned the title and name on it.
Senri: "Kamidate Shioriko... a reporter."
From how she's been talking, I'd guess she's after some cheap material like "crime syndicates in the entertainment district" or something.
Shioriko: "I'm just your average journalist, in search of the truth. You can keep the business card."
Senri: "I see. You do look like the sort to enjoy lining up solid facts and gloating when you use them to convince someone."
Shioriko: "It might be funny to make fun of tabloids, but there's a reason they're written that way."
Shioriko: "Though it's true that the content of the articles comes second to increasing their readership."
I'd sensed something uncommon about her earlier, but now I wonder if she's just grown used to danger while picking up risky information for her articles.
My interest in her rapidly draining, I released Kamidate's arm.
Senri: "Just erase the data of whatever listening devices you've got on you. I don't mind if you put my name in an article, but don't forget that I've got your business card on hand."
Shioriko: "Is that all? You don't think you're being a little too lenient?"
Senri: "Have you never heard of a gentleman before?"
I picked up her business card and notebook without getting her permission.
When I noticed the newspaper clippings sticking out of the overflowing notebook...
Senri: "By the way, miss reporter."
My eyes had snapped to Kamidate. You could even say I was glaring.
Shioriko: "Do you have some problem with my scrapbook?"
At first glance, it was just a normal scrapbook. No one would find anything odd about the articles she'd clipped out.
There was nothing linking the articles together, after all... {except the fact that they were all articles I was personally interested in}.
Senri: "I've been lacking for interesting conversation topics lately. If you've heard anything, why don't you tell me about it?"
Shioriko: "Something interesting, eh? Well... how about this mark, for instance. Seen it anywhere?"
She showed me an image on her terminal.
A human eye in the middle of a hexagram. So cliche I couldn't even begin to take it seriously.
Senri: "...No. Is it a code for something?"
Shioriko: "You've really never seen it before?"
Before I knew it, our positions had been reversed, and I was the one being questioned.
Senri: "Yeah, not once. Why are you after it?"
Shioriko: "All the accidents and incidents occurring in Agartha, the center of magical society..."
Shioriko: "The key connecting all these seemingly unrelated events is hidden in this mark."
Senri: "That's all you have to say...?"
Shioriko: "I don't care whether you believe me or not, but over half of the events I've collected in my scrapbook were caused deliberately."
Fabricated incidents and accidents.
And someone pulling the strings... A typical conspiracy theory, just the sort you'd expect to hear from a gossip writer. Is she going to accuse the government? A major corporation?
Senri: "Delusions of a powerful organization controlling events to their convenience, eh? But who? And why?"
Shioriko: "I'd have written my article already if I knew that."
Senri: "If you don't know, why not just make something up? You're good at that, aren't you?"
Shioriko: "I'm sure there's a secret society controlling things in this town. I only can't find them because they're just that good."
Senri: "You're sure, huh? You'd better tell me you've got more proof than your reporter's instincts."
Shioriko: "It's because the existence of magic, which had once only been miracles, was officially recognized."
It doesn't look like she intends to explain further, but her eyes are completely serious.
I'll remember that for later.
Senri: "...I believe I told you to tell me something interesting."
Shioriko: "That wasn't interesting? Then..."
When I saw the Ring the reporter took out of her bag, I felt the time I was spending here growing ever more worthwhile.
Senri: "I thought the eyes on me got a lot stronger after I left that waste warehouse. So that's it."
Shioriko: "You must feel helpless, being an OutCast without one of these. If you'd like, I wouldn't mind giving it to you."
Senri: "There's no such thing as a free lunch. This is a deal, isn't it? What do you want in return?"
Shioriko: "I'm glad you're quick on the uptake. I just want a little help with my article. That's why I came to see you today."
Senri: "Such a quick justification for tailing me. You're not bad."
Shioriko: "If you're interested, I hope you'll contact me at the address on my business card."
Senri: "You sure are passionate about your work... miss reporter."
Shioriko: "Huh? Well, yes."
Senri: "You might end up spinning your wheels if you keep rushing things. You should get enough sleep at night."
Shioriko: "I plan to take my time relaxing in the afterlife."
Shioriko: "Until that time comes, I think the clock catching up on me is just what I need."
Her complete lack of cosmetics was proof of both how enthusiastically she was running about, and how much she neglected her private life.
There's more to Kamidate than just her journalism work, though.
Senri: (A conspiracy theory... and that scrapbook...)
In fact, to her, her journalism work was...
Senri: "Well, it's still quite suspicious either way."
On my way to Ageha's office to make my report, I spotted Fiona walking with a young man.
Of course, that had nothing to do with me. Even if we hadn't had that encounter earlier today, we weren't close enough to chat in our free time.
I watched her as I walked behind, and found that she was not with the man in question but was rather being recruited into some shady work.
It's true that Fiona has the sort of looks that would turn a profit right away if you managed to recruit her. She'd have potential clients lining up for days.
Senri: "...First jam, now candy... that's a woman, I suppose."
Eventually defeated by Fiona persistently ignoring him, the man walked away.
She may be a member of the clergy, but when her work is done, does she pursue worldly interests? She didn't look a bit out of place in the entertainment district.
Ageha: "Oh? You came to the office? Chill for a sec, I gotta summarize the main points and send this off real quick."
Senri: "I'm just reporting, so it'll only take a minute."
Ageha: "Nah, it's good. Sen-chan and I are two in one. We're not no peaberry bean."
Senri: "Huh?"
Ageha: "Hm?"
Ageha: "Anyway, just let me finish first. Like a cherry, coffee needs to be steamed a little before it pops, don't you think?"
Her tone was joking, but her eyes were dead serious as they stared at her monitor.
This is less trouble than when she's lounging around my room.
Of course, she'll probably start slacking off again as soon as she's finished with her work.
Ageha: "Actually, did I ask you to do something? I forgot."
Senri: "You wanted me to go to the waste warehouse. Guy wasn't there, so I couldn't collect your stuff."
Ageha: "His shop wasn't open? That's weird... That's odd... That doesn't seem right to me..."
Senri: "You don't need it right away, do you? I'll look into it when I'm free. If I can catch him, I'll shake him down for everything he's worth."
Ageha: "......Hmm... that's unusual. Pocketed it?"
Senri: "Here."
Ageha: "Ooh, I thought I smelled something sweet! Cake! Did you buy that because you wanted to be put on my favorites list?"
Senri: "I aim to please. Women are fond of sweets, aren't they?"
Ageha: "Oh? Hmm?"
Ageha grabbed the box of cake, hopefully picking up on my insinuations to drop the waste warehouse matter.
Ageha: "I like 'em as much as anyone, I'd say. But it'll go with the coffee, so this is perfect. I just started a 'home cafe' since a regular recommended it."
Senri: "Your hands aren't full already with work and paying-to-win?"
Ageha: "Pay-to-win? What's that? Oh, games? I'm not wasting my time with those anymore."
Senri: "Huh? You were obsessed with it. You were saying it like it was your catch phrase when you came to wake me up, too."
Ageha: "Hm?"
Senri: "What?"
Ageha: "Why would I be playing games? The times have changed. Now home cafe coffee is all the rage. You hear me?"
Senri: "Sorry, miss barista. This conversation was truly a waste of time. I won't do it again."
Ageha: "What are you holding your head for? Are you feeling all blue? Looks like it's time for some anti-blue measures! Coffee's full of anti-blue particles, after all! The more you drink the less bluer you'll get!"
Senri: "...Well, hurry up and make some, then. I'll drink it."
I gave in. This must be what it feels like to break to a persistent newspaper salesman. I wasn't happy with it, but there are times when things go easier if you give in.
Ageha: "'Kay! I'm looking forward to it, then."
Senri: "Huh?"
Ageha: "Hm?"
Ageha: "If you're making a latte, it's gotta be one with 3D art. Make it a heart, 'kay?"
This is no proper conversation.
Does Ageha have some illness of the brain?
How many times have we had this exact exchange?
Ageha: "I'm totally beat♪ Make it, pretty please♪"
Senri: "I can't put up with your slothliness at the workplace too."
Ageha: "It's too much work to stand anymore... At least carry me to the cafe table... Caaarryyy meee."
Senri: "I'm leaving. I'm sure you'll tire of this quickly anyway, but be careful not to ingest too much caffeine."
Ageha: "Sen-chan, something important! I have something important to say, so don't leeeave meee!"
Senri: "If it's so important, then why wasn't it the first thing out of your mouth?"
Ageha: "I saw somebody suspicious before I came in to work. I dunno if it was the doorbell ringer I told you about last night, but somebody was wandering around in front of the building."
Senri: "Did you catch 'em?"
Ageha: "No, who knows what would have happened to me? I don't want to get stabbed, ya know? I'm just a sweet young thing."
Senri: "You didn't see what this person looked like either, huh. Since you would have gotten stabbed. What's that Ring you've got on even for?"
Ageha: "That sorta violent business is your job, isn't it, Sen-chan? Ahh, I'm all out of motivation. I'm going home."
Senri: "Me too."
Ageha: "If you carry me all the way home, I might let you carry me right into bed too."
Senri: "Get some hired help."
I left Ageha's office, ignoring the listless complaints being swung my way behind me.
...And when I returned to my room, I sighed.
Senri: "...Well, this wasn't Ageha."
It would have been almost comforting if the place were completely trashed. Then I'd be able to think of it as just Ageha's bad temper.
But the position of the couch, the papers on the wall, the facing of the lights... everything in the room had been moved a bit and then moved back.
It's my own room, after all. Even people who aren't particularly high-strung are sensitive to small changes in familiar spaces like this.
That was why it was disturbing how amateurish this was: they didn't make a show of trashing the place, but didn't completely hide any trace of their intrusion either.
Senri: "What were they here for...?"
Just in case, I went in without taking my shoes off. Normally I'd suspect a burglar, but I couldn't think of this as a coincidence after hearing about that doorbell-ringer.
From the looks of things... I'd say some amateur snooped through my things and tried to put everything back in place.
Either that or it was something more sinister, only made to look like snooping, but what could it be...
Senri: "...I'll get this done in an hour."
I'll have to check for theft. Check for listening devices. I've got plenty to do.
====================A005.TXT====================
Age unknown.
Gender unknown.
Its very existence as a human was questionable—The "Hood," named for its one identifying characteristic, went about its business mechanically.
Dragging its prey into a suitable location, the Hood began its preparations. There were no witnesses. Even if there were, they would have had their throats cut before being able to scream.
Unfortunate Man: "........."
The unfortunate man who'd been captured stared vacantly ahead and moved his mouth absentmindedly.
He wasn't running, or perhaps simply {didn't feel the need to}.
Unfortunate Man: "Those people generally referred to as the 'anti-magic faction' oppose the tenets of magical society. They are a gathering of people who wish for the eradication of magic."
Unfortunate Man: "They have gathered together to act, and their members number..."
He continued on in a businesslike tone, or as a layman reading a script might speak. His tone was monotonous, as if he were a doll with no will of his own, but his words were articulate.
Until, all of a sudden—his eyes rolled back into his head.
Unfortunate Man: "Their meeting place is as Ighbh, gbhbh, ghbhbhbhbhbhbhbh..."
He continued his lecture to the Hood even as his limbs spasmed until he started frothing at the mouth, finally unable to speak any longer.
He had lost consciousness while still standing up.
After getting the information it needed from the man, the Hood had switched to thinking about how best to dispose of the lump of flesh before it.
It hadn't had much action lately... so the Hood realized, thinking back on its recent life.
There was no possibility of failure, but this was a good opportunity to move a body dulled by lack of use.
"Was it... like this?"
"No... how about this?"
"That's not right... this isn't it."
"Ah... That's right, that's right."
Until it had slashed to its satisfaction, the Hood rained down sword blows on the lump of meat, leaving it nothing but scraps of bone in a puddle.
The Hood hadn't been trying to dispose of evidence, nor had it been trying to do a thorough job of destroying the lump of meat.
It was just that the frail human body wasn't able to keep up with the Hood's rehabilitation... It wasn't built to stand up to this much violence.
Having buried hundreds of people before, the Hood was all too aware that it was a beast released from its cage.
The strong kill the weak, devour the weak, and steal from the weak, regardless of the law. For those who have power, it is permitted.
At least, being so defective a human being, that's what the Hood believed.
====================A006.TXT====================
......
............Nope.
I have no clue how to solve this.
Difficulty Level ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★  
It definitely deserved to be at the top rank of "Belphegor" in my favorite series of puzzle rings, the Seven Deadly Sins.
I've already cleared "Lucifer" and "Beelzebub," but this one's just a sphere.
As a sphere, that it can even be called a puzzle ring is incredible. It's so completely departed from the idea of puzzle rings that you can't work through removing parts of it with trial and error.
Senri: "...Sloth... sloth, eh...... It's a concept that flies straight in the face of a typical puzzle ring. The answer, then, has to be completely different as well..."
I'd reached an impasse, so I set down the spherical puzzle ring and picked up my terminal. There was only one person I'd need to call.
Shioriko: "Thanks for the call! This is Kamidate, freelance writer."
Senri: "It's me."
Shioriko: "Senri-san? What's up?"
Senri: "I needed a change of pace from this puzzle ring, so I was hoping you could tell me about something interesting."
Shioriko: "Well, currently, everyone's talking about how occult-y all these blackouts are. Please give me a call if you run into a ghost."
Senri: "The specter of the blackouts, eh...? Do you write exaggerated articles about those sorts of rumors to attract readers too?"
Shioriko: "There are colleagues of mine chasing the story, but I'm not interested. I would like to see it with my own eyes, though."
Senri: "They're occurring a little too frequently to be caused by regular power plant failures, don't you think? It's not as if we have natural disasters affecting things around here either."
Shioriko: "Each one has a reported cause. Are you suspicious about something?"
Senri: "Not really."
Shioriko: "...It never rains but it pours. People will always be curious about unusual things like these, just like we'll never run out of people forecasting the world's destruction."
Shioriko: "A drama where no one dies is boring; it'll only make the people watching want to die. People are attracted to failure. The ghost rumors are probably born from those sorts of desires."
Senri: "Why not write an article, then? 'Electrocuted Ghost Takes Revenge on Power Lines.'"
Shioriko: "Our time is limited, Senri-san. I'm the one who wants to hear about something interesting."
Senri: "I know that."
Shioriko: "I'm serious about this."
Senri: "I know that too."
Shioriko: "If you're not going to get to the point, I'll be going."
Senri: "I'll accept that job from the other day, if you're alright with me starting right now."
Shioriko: "Alright then. Let's meet up, so I can give you the details."
Kamidate will be useful for gathering information. I'll do her a favor, so she'll owe me, and working with her won't be a waste.
I put on my coat and turned off the lights... then noticed that the puzzle ring I'd set down was faintly glowing.
Senri: "I see—'sloth.' Fitting."
When you actively fiddle with it under a light, trying to solve it, your hands get body heat all over it.
Then when you set it down, declaring it impossible, it loses its heat and the sphere lights up, letting you know it's been solved.
Then you just have to stick a nail or a skewer into the spot where it's glowing and it moves on to the next step.
Senri: "This could take a while."
Tout: "It's totally fine, I guarantee it! How old do I look? I bet we're only one or two years apart."
Ruu: "Huh... You think so...?"
Tout: "In fact, you can only do stuff like this when you're young like us, really."
As I watched Ruu having trouble turning down a girl trying to recruit her, it was easy to see she hadn't learned a single thing.
Ruu: "I just don't think this is a good fit for me. My chest isn't as big as yours, miss..."
Tout: "You can make money as long as you're young and cute. Men will love that innocent act of yours, Ruu-chan, I guarantee it. Just think of it as helping us out, yeah?"
If left alone, she'll probably fall down as far as there is to go.
If she crawls her way back up, she might become something to be feared.
Still, there's no need for me to interfere, and I'm not interested anyway.
Ruu: "Wellll, but... Ruu thinks... Ru?"
I thought I was walking in her blind spot, but she sniffed me out. She's got the nose of a police dog.
Ruu: "Rururu...?"
Senri: "........."
She's quick as ever.
Ruu: "Ah! Ahh, it is you, Senri! The fiend who would cover even a holy woman in jam and eat her right up!"
Tout: "Oh, it's you, mister. You two knew each other?"
Senri: "......Let's go."
Ruu: "Hyah! You can't just grab someone like that! A-Are you going to sink your fangs into Ruu next?"
Senri: "...So? Enjoying the nightlife?"
Ruu: "That's not very nice... Do I look like the kind of girl who would be doing that?"
She was in fact just about to be roped into that nightlife herself, but doesn't seem aware of that at all.
In that case, though, why would Ruu be in the entertainment district at all...
Senri: "It couldn't be... you..."
Ruu: "...Heheh, Ruu can read people's minds. You're exactly right, Senri."
Senri: "You know, you should only be getting lost up until the age you stop being excited just by being handed a balloon."
Ruu: "You want to be with me that badly? We can chat, but only until the station, okay?"
Ruu: "Come on, hurry up! I'll leave you behind!"
Senri: "...Just until the station."
I may have only been using her to test out the capabilities of those Rings, but rescuing her might have been a miscalculation on my part.
Ruu always finds a way to throw me off; she's the sort of person I'd like to avoid at all costs. On top of that, not only is she made more troublesome by having no sense of direction, she can appear out of nowhere when I'm least expecting it.
====================A007.TXT====================
Half an hour or so after I'd finished escorting Ruu to the station and had my meeting with Kamidate...
Senri: "......There he is..."
He took his damn time, but I'm almost certain this is the guy.
He matches the description completely, he's headed in the right direction, and he's wearing the anachronistic watch I'd been told about.
I predicted what would happen in the next few seconds and took action.
Pedestrian: "Gh! Hey!!"
Senri: "Sorry. Wasn't paying attention."
Pedestrian: "Well maybe you should! You could run into somebody looking at that shit while you walk!"
Senri: "The newest terminals are really handy. You're behind the times, friend."
Pedestrian: "Huh?! Nobody really needs those things!!"
Senri: "Are you hurt?"
Pedestrian: "You're lucky I'm not. I'd be suing you if I were, since it was clearly your negligence that led to you bumping into me."
The man shouted angrily at me for a while, then suddenly sped off as if he remembered somewhere he had to be.
Senri: "...Didn't notice, huh..."
That's the most annoying part taken care of. The rest of this job's just a throwaway match.
With it going this well, I'm a little suspicious that I'm getting a Ring out of it.
I sighed and thought back to my meeting with Kamidate...
Senri: "...So it involves a meeting between members of the anti-magic faction."
Shioriko: "It's just a quick infiltration job. I'll send you info about the location. Ah, and I won't question your methods as long as you get me a clear recording of their meeting."
Senri: "......"
Shioriko: "...Hrm..."
Shioriko: "'Explosion at anti-magic rally?! I'll eliminate every outsider to society. The unemployed, self-proclaimed savior Senri's seven mysteries and the beautiful reporter sensing the beginning of a romance?!' Hm..."
Senri: "Was that the kind of personality you had? If you're gonna write an article about it, I'm out."
Shioriko: "Mm... ah, no. That just happens when I don't get enough sleep. It's something like an occupational condition."
Senri: "I get the gist. Question: is there anything these people have in common?"
Shioriko: "As the name 'anti-magic faction' implies, all its members loathe anything that has to do with magic. If they're gathering together, I assume none of them will have anything magic-related on them at all."
Senri: "So they'd never be caught with one of Atori's latest wearable Magi devices."
Shioriko: "I'd say not. That probably goes for anyone with potential anti-magic sentiments too, though I doubt I needed to tell you that, Senri-san."
Senri: "The time, the direction he'll be heading, how he'll look and sound... I'll piss him off to get a sense of him and distract him from my true intentions... and then I just need a bit of luck."
I couldn't guarantee that the man was heading toward the rally.
But there aren't too many pedestrians heading in that direction, he fulfilled all the conditions I was looking for, and most importantly, he proclaimed rather loudly that magic was unnecessary.
It would be better to listen from closer in, but that would raise my chances of being suspected. If I messed up, it would limit my options considerably.
I didn't mind being wrong about him, as it just meant I'd have to go with a different plan. Infiltrating them directly would be risky and nothing more than a last resort.
Anti-Magic Factioner: "Those fools corrupted by greed and authority cannot be allowed to keep doing as they please!"
Anti-Magic Factioner: "Magic is poison; it drives people mad. People weren't meant to have this power, and all it will bring about is destruction. How can they not understand this?!"
The listening bug I'd planted in that attendee's pocket was performing its job splendidly.
Anti-Magic Factioner: "Crimes, accidents, and discrimination resulting from magic will never end."
Anti-Magic Factioner: "I've seen countless peers facing unemployment due to magic technology making their jobs obsolete! Technology which, might I add, is highly dangerous!"
They were gathered in a completely average private home shouting their complaints and discussing ideals which would never come to pass.
I could hear their meeting well enough to even make out the sounds of individuals breathing, sounds that were all recording properly as well.
Anti-Magic Factioner: "We decided that it would be for the best to act in secret, but I think we've all had as much as we can take. Now is when we must take action for real!"
Senri: "...Magic is just one step ahead of make-believe, eh?"
It sounded just like something they might say.
They should just carry on with their quiet protests and petitions. Getting extreme means they'll just be rounded up mercilessly, and that will be the end of them.
Crowd: "Right will triumph over might!!
Right will triumph over might!!"
I have no interest in whatever concrete plans they might make. It's obvious that no matter how passionate they are about their actions, as long as BURST is around, anything they attempt will end up being just that.
When the meeting ends, I'll leave the area and send what I've heard off to Kamidate. Shouldn't be too much work.
Senri: "...*Sip*..."
I leaned against a wall in an alley nearby, maintaining a distance I could listen in from and tipping back a can of Re:D Elephant so as to not cause any residents nearby to be suspicious.
Anti-Magic Factioner: "We will never compromise our beliefs for... together...... the government......"
Senri: "...Hm...?"
Their dangerous talk of destroying both city hall and people's belief in the Atori brand was cut off. A malfunction?
Confirming that my receiver was functioning correctly, I stopped killing time by staring at the cartoon elephant on the can.
It wasn't a malfunction. It was being jammed... this was the intervention of a third party.
I quickly scanned the area and found several jacket-wearing figures surrounding the rally house.
They were strategically placed, moving under someone's command.
Senri: "Kamidate... how much of this were you aware of..."
I wasn't the only one listening in on this meeting: BURST was moving in. Since nothing was happening that someone would report, they must have a warrant already.
Which means while they're surrounding the building...
BURST Member A: "Do you live around here?"
...Needing to evacuate anyone nearby, it was only natural they'd approach me, who was having a drink in the vicinity...
Senri: "Shouldn't be so quick to accept work, I guess."
There were two of them. These people are always suspicious from the start, so if we were to start chatting, there'd only be trouble.
I acted naturally, like I hadn't heard him, and walked off slowly in the opposite direction.
BURST Member B: "Did you hear me? Please stop."
His words were polite, but on the inside, I was sure he was suspicious of me already. He had a radio at his mouth, one that probably wasn't affected by their jamming.
Even if his mouth was hidden, I could tell from his eyes, the subtle changes in his emotions, the air around him—He's telling them, "One outside. Maybe a lookout. I'll question him."
I'll have these two take a little nap.
The moment I thought that and decided to take action—
BURST Member A: "What? What do you... Tch. We've got resistance from the faction. Let's go."
The two squad members ran off, leaving me behind.
...What happened?
"Resistance." That's what he said. Something significant enough to let a suspicious man go... meaning something unexpected.
What could the anti-magic faction have possibly done against BURST, who had such overwhelmingly superior firepower? What did they do? It couldn't have been much.
If I'm going to leave, now's my chance. An idiot could see that, but I'm all too aware of the curiosity boiling up within me.
I leapt out in pursuit of the sweet nectar I desired and was met with a sight I almost couldn't believe.
People had been mowed down like trees after a typhoon.
I realized from a single glance at their equipment that they were BURST squad members.
I can't imagine some anti-magic amateur took out all these armed BURST officers.
Senri: "I see. So you're involved."
The figure retreating from the scene matched Etoh's description of the mysterious "Hood."
Senri: "...I don't think you're getting away."
BURST Member A: "You bastard! You've done it now!"
I wasn't surprised the BURST officers who rushed to the scene misunderstood. The perpetrator had already rounded a corner and fled, leaving me the only one visible at the scene.
BURST Member B: "Don't move! Hey! Stop!"
If I listened to the squad member's warnings I'd lose sight of the Hood.
I waited for his submachine gun to point my way and pulled out my handgun as I turned around.
BURST Member A: "Ngh?!"
The bullet hit just where I'd aimed it, at the gun barrel, forcing the officer to drop his weapon.
It was a complete fluke. I'm not confident enough to believe I'd actually hit such a small target. {As long as I grazed him somewhere, anywhere would have done}.
Being grazed with a bullet hurts as much as being struck with a whip... Hitting his gun caused him even more pain.
It was bad enough to make even a trained professional like him drop his readied gun.
Senri: "You guys risk your lives doing this job. Don't hesitate."
I'd braced myself lightly and used the recoil to change my course, pursuing the Hood without losing any time.
As the squad members ran about, I noticed out of the corner of my eye a lightly-armed man who didn't seem to fit in with the rest.
???/Yuuji: "...Amabuki...?"
Senri: "........."
Guess they're pros.
They've trained their minds and bodies, polished their skills, and earn their money doing dangerous work. Their physical ability is nothing to sneeze at, as they're pursuing me doggedly.
What's most troublesome is that this is their job, and I'm now a vicious criminal who's laid a hand on their comrades.
If you hate someone enough that you want to kill them, you might make judgments outside of strict protocol.
Senri: "These guys'll be tough..."
I slowed my pace, brought the object in my right hand to my mouth, {bit down}, and threw it.
BURST Member B: "A hand grenade?! Look out, he could've nabbed that from one of us!"
Those near cover dove for it and those in the middle of the street leapt away from me. Those were the correct actions to take in response to a hand grenade being thrown at them.
I was pleased they'd taken those actions... they'd responded exactly as I hoped.
BURST Member B: "...It didn't go off? ...No, it's just a can! Fuck!!"
If one of them had sacrificed himself, covering it with his helmet, he'd find out right away that I'd thrown only an empty can of Re:D Elephant, but I hadn't needed to worry about that.
I spit out the pull tab still on my tongue. They fell for the amateurish idea of pulling out the safety pin with your teeth, I suppose, but that could chip them. It's not really realistic.
Now that I'd gained some distance, I decided I'd use that advantage to make my escape—
The Hood popped its head out from cover to glance around, then hid away again.
What did that movement mean?
Losing me after such a late start should have been trivial.
I'd thought pursuing the Hood would be difficult...
But there it was, right around the corner.
As if to show me a safe route—to tell me where to run to escape BURST's reinforcements.
Senri: "I'll take it."
Of course, it could have been a trap... but I didn't care. I followed my curiosity. It was clear to me which I should prioritize between following the Hood and getting away from the area.
In the same way a lion maintains a perfect distance while hunting a zebra...
The Hood kept a safe distance from me, using its sharp instincts to evade BURST's reinforcements.
Senri: "It comes out here..."
I fled the scene by chasing the Hood, following its perfect escape route.
Senri: "...It's disappeared..."
In the end, it had helped me out, but I felt like it had toyed with me.
The Hood definitely existed, but it was untouchable, like mist.
Why did it lay its hands on BURST back there...? I can think of a few reasons, but they're just theories for now.
Senri: "I got something out of it, but... that's it."
I'd nicked a proper Ring from one of the collapsed BURST officers—one actually granted by the government. It'll probably come in handy for something.
The Ring Kamidate intends to give me is probably one of the counterfeits, so it'll be different than the BURST officer's.
Shioriko: "...Very well. It cuts off in the middle, but this fulfills my request. Thanks for the trouble."
Senri: "It sure was."
I handed over the recording I'd captured, and just like that, Kamidate took out the Ring she'd promised me.
Senri: "You're quick to hand that over. I thought you'd find an excuse to hold out on me."
Shioriko: "Well, it's just a fake."
That's gotta be a joke. It's exactly the same as the Ring Ageha was wearing.
More than just its looks or its functions, {I was able to tell quite clearly by putting it onto my own wrist}.
Senri: "This is definitely one of the Rings making their way around the local OutCasts. All that risk paid off."
Shioriko: "You're an awfully quick judge. And here I thought I'd be the one getting complaints. Oh? You're taking it off?"
Senri: "Yeah, for now."
I'm interested in the information I can obtain by wearing the real thing, but I have no intention of relying on the Ring itself.
Shioriko: "...You're not going to ask where I got it?"
Senri: "Since you've brought it up yourself, I'm sure you're not going to tell me, and you wouldn't squeal if I tried to force it out of you."
Shioriko: "It's a different story if you've got some info to trade. Though frankly, the info I've got is close to nothing."
Senri: "I know that. Otherwise you wouldn't be pestering me."
Senri: "Ah, that reminds me... I didn't see that conspiracy mark you were talking about anywhere at that rally."
Shioriko: "......Ah... you noticed that, huh?"
Maybe she thought there was something strange about how I specified "at the rally"—Kamidate looked a little pleased.
Senri: "Though there is this fancy seal on the inside of this Ring, isn't there?"
Kamidate didn't tell me anything, but I couldn't completely ignore this talk of conspiracy anymore.
Marks are engraved on the Rings illegally circulating, and the one I expect spread them around, the Hood, has been present at the site of {every incident around town}...
If there's some large-scale conspiracy or plot behind these incidents like Kamidate claims, then it's easier to imagine what this phantom "Hood" might have to do with them.
Shioriko: "......?"
Is this woman... is she trying to draw me into her plans without me realizing it?
Shioriko: "Anyway, I'm glad you didn't get yourself nabbed. I'd like to get stuff written down, so I'll get going now."
Kamidate, sensing that we'd reached the end of our conversation, told me she'd be leaving... but something in her words made me realize her guard was down.
Senri: "Wait."
Shioriko: "...?"
Senri: "You were the one who leaked the information after all, weren't you?"
Shioriko: "What are you talking about?"
Senri: "Who did you think I was going to get 'nabbed' by? You didn't send me in there thinking I was incompetent enough to be captured by the anti-magic faction, did you?"
The condescending way I'd spoken to Kamidate, as if I'd gone through so much trouble, was my trap.
I {hadn't told her} the real reason the recording cut off in the middle... that BURST had intervened.
Shioriko: "Senri-san, please outline exactly what you're trying to say."
Senri: "Oh, nothing really. Just that it seems like you know exactly what happened."
Shioriko: "Sheesh... 'The OutCast's sudden change?! Falling victim to his cowardly threats, the beautiful reporter is exposed in this tantalizing scene?! (For subscribers only)'..."
Senri: "No silly smokescreens. You weren't really after the details of their little meeting."
Shioriko: "You've seen through it all. The answer is as you imagine, but..."
Shioriko: "I'd say I was {also} after you realizing all this."
Senri: "I'm not after a give-and-take relationship here."
Kamidate smiled. It wasn't a wicked smile, but it was a smile that knew wickedness.
The smile of someone who had been immersed completely in a world where you couldn't get by with just platitudes, and had still found a reason to keep striving onward.
Shioriko: "Oh, don't say that. Let's be business partners for a long, long time! I'll be counting on you again."
It was like the feeling of solving the last piece of a puzzle ring.
BURST is a unit that deals with {magical crime}. No matter how many regular people got together, they wouldn't be able to stand up against that kind of firepower.
They probably also work to some extent to prevent magical crime, but it just didn't make sense for them to raid a simple gathering of unarmed anti-magic sympathizers.
It was Kamidate. Kamidate sniffed out some magic crime and got BURST to take action.
That she'd do all that just to put a single man to the test—me—was a hell of an unfunny joke.
Senri: "She's a tricky one..."
If I hadn't been able to get out of there, she would have deemed me useless, thrown me away, and gotten away with not handing over that Ring of hers too.
Now that Kamidate's acknowledged me, the next time she comes to me with something, it might be worthwhile.
Tempted by fate, a coincidence occurred... Even Kamidate hadn't anticipated the Hood intervening, and yet her actions had led to our meeting.
Senri: "Tricky ones... are exactly what I need."
I can use Kamidate. People who are tough like her, merciless like her, are all the more worthwhile to use.
An unusual person I can say I'm interested in after so many days of having no impressions. That was my final judgment of her.
====================A008.TXT====================
Heading up the stairs to my room, I realized when in front of the door that it would still be a while until I could rest tonight.
I sensed an odd presence.
It wasn't anything frightening that would make my hair stand on end. I just felt someone beyond the door, a {difference} in the air flowing through it.
It was a feeling like finding the handle of the cup you always use facing the opposite direction. Just a small peculiarity.
Ageha: "This probably isn't important, but you had a rather persistent doorbell-ringer while you were gone."
Etoh: "He hid everything under a hood."
The unknown person hounding me and the movements of the mysterious Hood.
If these two things are related, then beyond my door could be...
Senri: "........."
What actions the presence in my room was likely to take, any traps that might be waiting for me, their purpose... I imagined those things and began a countdown.
Zero—I kicked the door open and sprung into my living room.
I kept up the momentum and thrust my handgun out at the presence, informing it:
Senri: "Freeze."
Ageha: "........."
Fiona: "........."
They were right at home in my apartment—that is, the intruders were my landlady and her friend.
Realizing that I'd jumped to the wrong conclusions, I lowered my gun with the knowledge that I couldn't take back what I'd just said.
My speechlessness plunged the room into silence.
Ageha: "'F-Freeze'?! Pft, ahahaha! Sen-chan, you watch too many movies! Just a tad outdated, that line, wouldn't you say? I take off my hat to you!"
Fiona: ".........ngh.........#####......"
Ageha: "Someone's frozen! Would you let her go? Actually, I can't believe she's holding her breath so diligently. You're gonna die, hon."
You can't die like that. No such person exists who can fight through all their self-preservation instincts and willfully withhold oxygen from their brain.
Senri: "Breathe already."
Fiona: "Phaaaahh## Huff, huff, it's hard staying still! I know how statues feel now."
Fiona breathed out the air she'd been holding in her cheeks, puffed up like a squirrel's.
She took deep breaths with her face like a tomato.
Ageha: "'Freeze.'"
Ageha: "Did I sound like him?! Hey Fiona, how's my impression?"
Fiona: "Hahhh##............"
Senri: "Why are you listening to her? Does she have some dirt on you or something?"
Fiona: "Phaaahh# Which is it? Can I move or not?!"
Ageha: "I think I want a boy, Sen-chan#"
Senri: "Huh?"
Ageha: "I mean the new life that will be born from you and me, Sen-chan. If it's a boy, y'know, we can have a threesome...♪"
I ignored the background noise and analyzed the situation.
Bags of snacks and a mountain of empty cans.
Littered all through someone else's room.
About half of them containing alcohol.
They're wasted.
Fiona: "That was great! You were moving like you were in an action movie! You were playing a paranoid protagonist who thinks an evil organization is out to get him, right?"
Ageha: "I CAN'T SAY THIS TOO LOUD, BUT...!!!"
I'm gonna go deaf.
Ageha: "Don't spread this around too much, okay? But Sen-chan practices that when he's alone, y'know?"
Fiona: "Oh no! Really?"
Ageha: "Does he think it's cool? It's so pathetic it's almost cute, but you totally don't want anything to do with him anymore, do ya?"
Fiona: "Oh, I think it's cool! Please don't throw away your dreams of being an actor, okay?"
Their eyes glimmered bewitchingly. A member of the clergy and a recruiter, a lively girl and a sloth. Their vocations and personalities were nothing alike. I really don't understand women.
Senri: "You might want to go throw up. You don't know what Ageha puts in her drinks."
Ageha: "Ah, it's fine, it's fine. I'm the only one drinking. Fiona's just drunk on the atmosphere!"
Distracted by the series of events that had taken place, I started to notice the strange rose scent filling the room growing stronger.
Fiona: "Eheheh, eheheheheheheheheheh."
For someone who wasn't drinking, Fiona seemed a little odd. I came to one conclusion when I put that fact together with the scent in the room.
Senri: "Ageha."
Ageha: "Yeees, Ageha, your and only your loyal sex slave# Order me to do anything you like#"
Senri: "Don't burn that stuff for an amateur."
Ageha: "Burn? [Billow, billow, billow♪] I wouldn't do that, billow#"
I've never seen someone tell such a bald-faced lie in my entire life.
Senri: "What's that thick smoke coming from your hands, and your sudden overuse of the word 'billow,' then?"
Fiona: "Hunh...? Hunh...? Ah... Eheheheh."
I don't even need to ask. There's an aphrodisiac inside that mist I'm taking into my body with every breath.
Fiona: "Hwah#♪ What secrets are you two whispering about#? Let me join in!"
Because of that "charming" incense Fiona's been breathing in, she's in quite a {good mood}.
From what I've heard before, it's not particularly dangerous, but it isn't like it's being sold in stores.
Ageha: "It's my super effective 'Honey Trap.' Even prim and proper Fiona's gone into heat in no time at all#"
There's no change to my physical condition. Maybe its components only affect women's pheromone receptors.
Ageha: "It doesn't make you see or hear things, so it's fine, isn't it? It's just a friend of booze that makes you happy#"
Ageha studied "charm" magic all on her own, since it had no proper field, tried to get the credits she was lacking by manipulating a professor, and was expelled. Knowing all that about her, I didn't doubt its efficacy.
Senri: "Hey, Ageha, leave it at—"
Fiona: "Oh, yes! Senri-san, do you have any idea what this revolutionary tool is?"
Fiona burst right into my personal space and waved an item in front of my face as if to show off the shallow knowledge she'd just picked up.
Fiona: "Ahaha and eheheh!"
She was holding a contraceptive device, still in its packaging. It was quite a sight. I was sure faith in her would be rocketing down if any churchgoers saw this.
I could hardly believe it was the same Fiona waving the contraceptive device in front of me so brazenly.
Fiona: "To explain it so that you can understand too, Mr. Senri, this is a water balloon made of strong rubber."
Fiona: "But it has other purposes as well, you know? Heheheh!"
Senri: "Oh? Could you give me a thorough lesson on that subject?"
Fiona: "Well, y'see, if you hold it between your fingers like this and confess to someone like, 'please go out with me♪', it will drastically raise your chance of success! It has a holy power in it!"
Senri: "Try that with the priest. He'll cry with joy."
I won't be swayed by the words of someone who isn't of sound mind.
Maybe if I turn a fan on she'll be a little more bearable.
...A blackout...? At a time like this?
Ageha: "Aaah! A blackout! That ghosty's gonna show up!"
Fiona: "Aaah! Senri-san♪ Help me! Hold me♪"
Fiona's lost all wariness of the opposite sex because of this aphrodisiac. She's a pitiful victim of that "harem room" or whatever it is Ageha's after.
Fiona: "Yaaaaaaah!!"
A blind charge. My eyes hadn't adjusted to the darkness yet, so I used the sound of footsteps pattering over the floor to shift my upper body away.
Senri: "Do you two have any common sense?"
Ageha: "That's enough outta you! We're finally gonna have our naked fun today!"
I heard the two of them rustling about in the darkness. If they actually managed to grab me, I'm sure I could shake them off, but I'm worried about the consequences if I injured them in the process.
Senri: "I'd rather deal with that ghost a hell of a lot more than these two..."
Ageha: "I'll show you my ultimate magic..."
I could barely make her out in the darkness now.
Unlike Fiona, who'd gotten behind me, Ageha had contraceptive devices (which she probably made use of regularly) fully equipped between all ten of her fingers.
Ageha: "Love Juice-Filled Condom Bomb Type Zero!!"
The water balloons instantly filled with magical water and she threw them into the air.
That skill name or whatever makes me very resistant to catching them with my bare hands. I had no choice but to duck, and there was probably nothing I could do about my room ending up soaked.
Ageha: "Ah, shit. Fiona, duck! You'll be covered in love juice!"
Fiona: "This is nothin'!"
Fiona: "Phew♪"
A magic circle formed at her mouth. It wasn't powerful enough to reach even the Novice rank, but I'd heard from Ageha before that Fiona could use magic.
I'd been assuming a member of the clergy wouldn't use magic so lightly, so I had trouble for a moment figuring out how the water I'd dodged had stopped in the air.
It hadn't frozen instantaneously, but it was still cooling very rapidly.
The water fell to the ground in a sherbet-like consistency—none of it hitting Fiona.
Senri: "You're better than I'd heard."
Ageha: "A drunk woman gets stronger when she's trying to pull a man into bed."
Fiona: "Ahahaha, I don't think I can take much more!"
Ageha: "What'll it be, Sen-chan? Can you dodge Fiona's Courtship Tackle in this little room...? Heheh♪"
Now that Fiona's lunging at me with no regards for the consequences, if I get out of her way, she'll probably hit a wall and hurt herself.
I don't want to deal with that outcome, and if she simply misses me, she'll likely try another tackle.
Fiona: "Please stop my hot achiiing♪"
Ageha: "Go fer it!"
Ageha: "Wait, whoooa!!"
Finally, there was an impact in the darkness.
Fiona: "I caught you# Mwah, mwah♪"
Ageha: "Wait, wait, it's me, it's me!"
Fiona: "What are you saying#? Rubby-rub♪ You know I like you more, Ageha-san...♪"
Ageha: "It's working so well she's completely unconcerned with gender!
S-Sen-chan, do something?"
Senri: "And my reward?"
Ageha: "Four Ageha Meals, a-and I'll throw in some onigiri—
Wai-! Where are you lick-! F-Fiona#"
Senri: "You can do better than that."
Ageha: "I-I got it. I got it. I'll give you information free of charge, and if you need it, I'll let you use one of my guuuuuys♪"
Fiona: "Oh... the power's back."
Senri: "Fiona, would you give me some love too?"
Fiona: "Oh, poor Mr. Senri♪ Let's engage in true desire♪♪"
Fiona ran at me with a sweet face like she was diving into the arms of her lover, and I put my hands on her shoulders, stopping her just before she reached me.
Fiona: "Hmmm? Why won't you accept me? Didn't we decide we'd name our child Messiah?"
Senri: "Ageha."
Ageha: "Y-Yeah. Right away. [Splish-splash, gush-gush.]"
Fiona: "Huh...? Aaaaaah#####!!"
This room is just destined to be flooded.
The water Ageha released was more than enough to cool Fiona's head.
Fiona: "Cold...! A-Ageha-san! Do you know what time of year it is?! This much water in wintertime is attempted murder, do you hear?!"
Ageha: "Sorry, sorry. But look in front of you, eh?"
Fiona: "In front...? Senri-san...? What do you have your hands on my shoulders for?"
Senri: "Who knows. Maybe I just couldn't resist your charms."
Fiona: "Eh? You're quite the charmer, aren't you? I don't mind, since we're in private now, but I'll have to ask you not to come on to me while I'm busy with my clerical work."
Looks like she's snapped out of it.
Fiona: "...Hmm, my memories are a little fuzzy... Ageha-san wasn't toying with me, was she?"
Senri: "If you want to dry your hair, there's a towel over there. And I believe you wanted to dry the floor, Ageha?"
Ageha: "Tch, damn stoic. One day I'll drown you in lust. All the men in the world are base creatures who deserve to die during sex."
Senri: "I don't mind, but are you sure you should be involving your friend in this?"
Ageha: "...I haven't gotten to hang out with Fiona in a while so I went overboard. I'm sorry."
It might take a while for the room to ventilate properly. We decided to go take in some fresh air outside.
Ageha: "...You think so too, don't you, Sen-chan?"
When I set down the Re:D Elephants I'd bought for all of us, the second half of a conversation I hadn't been paying attention to was thrown my way.
I decided to give a noncommittal response as I fiddled with a puzzle ring I was close to solving.
Senri: "Yeah, I was just about to say the same thing."
Fiona: "What? You're backing her up on 'men will tell any lie with a smile as long as it's for boobs,' Senri-san?"
I have no idea what they're talking about, but it's clear that she's not putting any good ideas into Fiona's head.
Ageha: "To be popular means to attract the opposite sex on the cellular level, in all possible aspects."
Ageha: "And to be fawned upon means men are expressing their feelings of 'I'm gonna grab those titties'!"
Ageha: "You're the perfect prey, Fiona. All the men around you are expecting nothing but some after-hours track-and-field, you know?"
Senri: "Yeah, I was just about to say the same thing."
Ageha: "You've got {me}, Sen-chan# Hurry up and squeeze them♪ Scoop them up from below♪"
Fiona: "Wait a second! So men don't care at all about a woman's appearance or personality... they only want to go out with her boobs?"
Ageha: "That's exactly right, hon. Frankly, they don't give a damn about anything else. The rest might as well be a flyer with the coupon torn out."
Fiona: "I see... that must be why the boys in the vigilante corps get so restless when the topic of chests comes up. I think I understand."
Ageha: "When a certain boobaineer was asked, 'why do you want to grope boobs?' he answered thusly: 'because they're there.'"
Fiona: "'I can do my best / can work my very hardest / if it is for boobs.' I don't suppose I'd be classified as a sinful woman, do you think?"
Ageha: "They're right there in front of you, yet you can't touch them. If that isn't a sin, what is? Sen-chan's eyes are glued to them too. He's totally horny right now!"
Senri: "Yeah, I was just about to say the same thing."
Fiona: "Whaaat?! You're too true to your instincts! Have you just been waiting for your chance all this time?"
Senri: "Yeah, I was just about to say the same thing."
Fiona: "You're always wearing such a sharp gaze, and to think what you've been focused on so intently all this time was my boobs! I'm astonished."
Ageha: "Oh, don't worry, I'll accept all# those carnal desires you feel for Fiona♪"
While I'd kept up the halfhearted replies as I fiddled with the puzzle ring, I couldn't yet solve it, so for the moment I set it down and leaned back into the couch.
Senri: "You're thirsty after doing all that talking, aren't you?"
Fiona: "Oh, I'm sorry! And you bought them for us, too. I'll have some."
Fiona: "Hmm... I can't think of anything positive to say, so I guess I'll have to settle on 'what a strange flavor.' Do your taste buds not function, Senri-san?"
Senri: "People call this a drinkable IV, you know. Maybe it's your taste buds that are messed up."
Fiona: "That's a cruel thing to say. Please apologize to everyone in the world with a sweet tooth!"
Ageha: "You're more of a health nut than I thought, Sen-chan. Oh, that's right, do you want some just-removed panties?"
Senri: "No, I just like the packaging."
Ageha: "The packaging? You mean this cartoon pigtailed idol taking down what looks like a completely harmless elephant? Oh, that's right, do you want to wear some just-removed panties?"
Fiona: "A can with an animal flipped on its back like that makes you think of a pesticide, don't you think?"
Ageha: "Are you getting turned on imagining the little euglena inside Fiona? Oh, that's right, do you want to eat some just-removed panties?"
Ignoring all of her comments, I tipped back my Re:D Elephant as well. Once we'd all had a little break, I tried to move the conversation in a productive direction.
Senri: "Did you just come here to fool around today?"
Fiona: "Oh, no. I had something I wanted to talk to Ageha-san about, and we've already discussed it, but..."
Fiona smiled awkwardly, though I don't know what happened between the two of them when they're so open with each other.
They first met when the vigilante corps caused Ageha some trouble and Fiona went to her to apologize, and they appear to still be getting along well.
Ageha: "That 'something' she wanted to talk about had to do with Kokuryuu Satoru."
Senri: "Kokuryuu Satoru..."
It was a name you don't forget soon after hearing it. From the vague impression I had of his face, I recalled his frequent media appearances and the subject of his activities.
A sociologist actively pursuing magic liberation... why was he a topic of conversation?
I felt curiosity budding in my breast.
Senri: "I've seen him on TV. So you've met him, Fiona?"
Fiona: "Well, yes. I ran into him while I was with the priest, and the way the conversation went, I ended up coming to Ageha-san to ask her a favor."
Ageha: "He's having a lecture, so he wants OutCasts to stay the fuck away or he'll kill the shittin' lot of us. 'Course he doesn't come to me with this. And doesn't give me any money for it. That's funny, isn't it?"
Fiona: "H-He didn't say it like that."
It'd be safer to leave them alone. Is Kokuryuu Satoru really stupid enough to ask Fiona about this when it could have the opposite effect?
Maybe the situation didn't allow him to do otherwise, or he's aiming for precisely that opposite effect... There's a possibility that he wants to cause a commotion.
Ageha: "Well, nothin' to do with me. Actually, what do you think I am, the boss of all the OutCasts in the entertainment district? I don't even know half of 'em."
Fiona: "...I'm sorry."
Ageha: "You don't need to apologize. I know there are times when you can't really turn somebody down."
Ageha: "But I just find work for people. What they do after that is none of my business."
Ageha: "It's not really like my expertise or anything. I just do what I want to do."
Fiona: "........."
Ageha: "...Poke."
Fiona: "Ngh... Hey, Ageha-san!"
Ageha suddenly poked at Fiona's voluptuous breasts.
A form of communication only allowed between women. Fiona couldn't hide her surprise at the suddenness of it.
Ageha: "The next time you make a sorry face like that I'm gonna film a milking scene and upload it to the net, so be ready. I do what I want, after all."
Fiona: "...I shouldn't be letting it get to me. Bad moods are infectious, after all."
Ageha: "Yeah, yeah! Smiling's best!"
I felt the tension evaporate between the two of them.
Senri: "........."
Senri: "Hey, don't just wrap things up as though the case is closed."
Ageha: "Hm? I didn't see you there, Sen-chan!"
Senri: "I've been here the whole time, from beginning to end."
Senri: "I butted in because it seemed like you were trying to tie up the whole subject of magic liberation and Kokuryuu Satoru."
Senri: "Since you accepted the request, Fiona, shouldn't you not be backing down so easily? And shouldn't you voice more of your opinion, Ageha?"
Ageha: "Uh, there's nothing more to say, is there? I don't think Kokuryuu Satoru and I are ever gonna be shaking hands any time soon."
Fiona: "I think I've done what I could. It's unfortunate, but it comes down to a difference in opinion, I suppose."
We'd returned to my apartment and finally begun some sort of meaningful conversation, and now this.
I'd even joined in on the conversation, as out of character as that was, because it had been a tiny bit interesting to me.
Senri: "Fiona, do you remember the specifics of what Kokuryuu Satoru said?"
Fiona: "What he said? You're awfully curious, aren't you? If only what I remember is alright, then..."
Fiona: "Oh, that's set to go off thirty minutes before my nightly prayers."
Fiona: "I've stayed a bit too long, haven't I? I should get going. We can talk another time, if you'd like."
Ageha: "Walk her, Sen-chan."
Senri: "It is dangerous out there at night."
I nodded. If a young woman like her walked around alone in the unruly side streets of this town, she was likely to fall prey to the same sorts of dangers Ruu often did... That was my pretext, anyway. I just wanted to hear the rest of what she had to say.
Fiona: "This isn't my first time out in the dark. I know which streets have people on them even during the night, so you don't need to worry."
Senri: "That sort of confidence is palpable, you know. You're exactly the type people would go for first."
Fiona: "I mean it, I'll be fine! Oh, I really need to go, though. I'll see you later!"
Senri: "........."
Ageha: "Ahahaha, she hates your guts! It's because you're always looking at her boobs, don't you think? Here, even if they're not the same shape or size, boobs are boobs, right? You can comfort yourself with mine?"
Senri: "I've got someplace I've gotta be. Why don't you have fun peeling mandarins by yourself or something?"
Ageha: "I think I know what you mean when you say 'have fun by yourself.' Can I really use your toothbrush, Sen-chan?"
Ageha: "I can? Hey, I can, right?"
Even if Fiona met with a simple accident or was attacked by robbers or thugs, I wouldn't need to interfere. She was the one who'd insisted she return alone, after all.
The only issue was that she'd left from my room.
Since there was obviously someone investigating me, I had to follow her as long as the possibility existed that that someone would think we were connected and inevitably make their move.
But Fiona, who'd left the apartment before me, had unexpectedly disappeared without a trace.
Senri: "...She's gone...?"
Even if she'd taken off running as soon as she left the room, it hadn't even been a minute. It would be difficult for her to completely disappear from my field of view in that amount of time.
It's likely that she went into a side road even smaller than an alleyway.
Senri: "That God you believe in won't protect you."
She probably hasn't gone far. I decided to narrow down my options and perform a thorough search.
While I searched for Fiona under the assumption that she'd gotten wrapped up in some trouble, I finally ended up in one of several back alleys.
I headed into the darkness, pursuing a foul stench, so rotten I wondered if there was a decomposing cat or something worse farther down the alley.
Upon hearing the footsteps of the intruder into their alley, rats scattered in all directions. I heard the dripping of water and some other noise.
Proceeding through the moonlight, I found her. I could tell it was her from behind.
Senri: "You're alright."
She didn't answer.
Senri: "These back streets are already dangerous. Walking around in them alone will make people think you're hoping for something bad to happen to you."
I got right up beside her, but she still didn't answer.
I thought it was strange, and then I noticed that she was trembling.
Senri: "Hey..."
When I put my hand on her shoulder, she jumped. She clutched a rosary in both hands.
Fiona: "F-Father in Heaven... P-Please have mercy on me..."
At that point, my thoughts reversed direction.
A pitiful silhouette was visible in the moonlight.
The object, glistening in the faint light, resembled some drowned mammal washed up on shore.
Fiona: "Senri-san..."
She didn't seem to understand what had happened.
Due to this encounter with the extraordinary, the sister was trembling, confused, and covered in sweat.
I observed her every action, but she was behaving so ordinarily it almost felt as though it was an act.
Fiona: "...Senri-san... I'm scared... what is... this {thing}...?"
So... for the time being, I ignored Fiona.
Her voice was nothing but static.
I tuned it out as I concentrated on the scene.
Curiosity dilated my pupils, my whole body leaning down of its own accord.
I had to say, this had left an impression.
====================A009.TXT====================
Mikihisa: "Heyyy. You're not lyin' to me, are ya, Take?"
Mikihisa: "I'm not askin' that! I wanna know if I can really get some free yakiniku."
Mikihisa: "Tch! You're such a dumbass. A single Ring ain't gonna get us shit."
Senri: "......Ring...?"
After that conversation with his friend, Mikihisa began walking again.
...The first thing that came to mind was the Ring left at the scene of that liquefied corpse.
I'd headed to the church and confirmed Fiona's well-being. I'd snooped around a bit, considering the possibility the perpetrators might try to erase any witnesses, but I hadn't seen anyone suspicious in the area.
Senri: "......"
I pursued the missing vigilante corps while I was at it, and found Mikihisa mentioning something that surprised me.
Rings—The entertainment district has seemed strangely hectic for the last few days, and I suppose these incidents are starting to pile up.
It's not long after a single kernel pops that you've got a whole pot of popcorn. Trouble's the same.
Mikihisa jogged off somewhere quicker than I'd expected; I thought he'd have less stamina, what with all the smoking.
Mikihisa met up with one of his vigilantes. I decided to watch them from a distance.
Vigilante Takemaru: "Huh? It won't sell?"
Mikihisa: "What I wanna know is which brain thought a single fucked up Ring like this would fetch a high price somewhere?"
Vigilante Takemaru: "W-Well..."
Mikihisa: "Was it this brain? Oh? Am I right?"
Mikihisa: "Is this the brain I'm gonna rip from its skull to grill up and eat?"
Vigilante Takemaru: "...W... Well......"
Vigilante Tetsu: "Can we just have Takemaru-san take responsibility for now and treat us all to yakiniku?"
Vigilante Yoshida: "Sounds good t'me!"
At a glance it seemed to be a conversation I wanted nothing to do with.
But when I turned around to leave, I heard...
???/Riku: "...Leave that there and get out of here, if you would."
Vigilante Tetsu: "Huh?! You talkin' to Mickey, you bitch?! You think you can talk like that to Mickey?! Huh?! Huuuuuh?!"
Mikihisa: "Fuck off, Tetsu. Hey mask bitch, do you mean this thing?"
???/Riku: "........."
Vigilante Takemaru: "Who gave you permission to walk around looking that fine? You tryin' to get hired as my maid or somethin', huh?!"
???/Riku: "...You leave me no choice."
A roar. In the next instant, the vigilantes all found themselves looking skyward.
Something was flying through the sky. What? A person. It was a person. Mikihisa—A grown man had been easily tossed into the air, unable to put up any sort of resistance.
Vigilante Takemaru: "M-Mickey?!"
He shot back down like a cannonball and pierced through the group below, who couldn't get out of the way in time. The vigilante corps went down like a perfectly arranged set of dominoes.
That woman. The woman in the mask. She did it.
Somehow. Easily.
She swept away the sparks raining down.
I couldn't fully understand the sequence of events, but I was greatly interested in its {outcome}.
The vigilantes, panicking when they saw that Mikihisa had been knocked out, had lost their will to fight. They picked him up and scattered, wary of the woman as they went.
???/Riku: "...Now I can finally collect that Ring..."
Senri: "...Not so fast."
I scooped up the Ring from the ground and waved it at her, which stopped the woman in her tracks.
Senri: "I'm looking for a liquefied corpse, but how's your Ring collecting going?"
???/Riku: "An OutCast..."
Senri: "And you... You're the Collector, aren't you?"
Collector/Riku: "So what if I am?"
Senri: "I just think you might leave an impression if you are."
I tried to ask her a leading question based on the circumstances, but her reaction was unemotional and hard to read.
Senri: "I'd thought the 'Collector' was just an embellished rumor going around after some people witnessed OutCasts fighting over Rings, but she really exists, huh..."
Collector/Riku: "...Do you want me to do to you what I did to him?"
I held up both the modified Ring, made to look like the real thing, and its legitimate pair.
Senri: "If you want to be precise, there are actually two kinds of Rings. Which one are you collecting? Or are you just another copycat Collector?"
Collector/Riku: "........."
Collector/Riku: "...It is a big deal. I'm being badgered. Help me out, why don't you?"
Senri: "Who are you talking to?"
Collector/Riku: "......"
What the Collector thrust out at me was an unfamiliar staff-shaped object... it's probably not wrong to assume it's a combat-type Magi.
Collector/Riku: "This is a warning. Please stay away from me."
She looked like a witch as she twirled that staff.
Force blared from it, warning me of its deadliness.
From what happened to Mikihisa, I'm probably within her range.
Senri: "...!"
Collector/Riku: "I warned you, you know."
There were plenty of places to take shelter, but I didn't hesitate to advance instead.
I wasn't being considerate of the nearby storeowners or anything.
The Collector had sent Mikihisa flying 20 meters in the air without appearing to exert any particular effort.
If she came at me at full power, she'd likely not only destroy any cover I was hiding behind, but might get away in the meantime.
Caught off guard by my attempt to close the distance and grab her arm, the Collector took a quick step back.
She clucked her tongue in annoyance as I approached again.
Just before she swung the staff, she glanced at the ground.
It erupted into a shower of stones.
Shock waves rippled through the concrete as she opened a perfect hole in the ground, like it was ice cream with a scoop removed.
...Unfortunately for her, I'm not there anymore.
I'd jumped on the wind pressure she'd created and I was already standing right behind her, my handgun pressed against the back of her head.
Collector/Riku: "Ugh!"
It didn't take her long to notice.
She was very good, but had still left me more than enough time to put a bullet into her unprotected skull.
Senri: "It's over."
Collector/Riku: "...Is that thing defective?"
Senri: "Instead of a bullet, take this to commemorate our meeting."
Collector/Riku: "The Ring... What does this mean?"
Collector/Riku: "I can't concentrate. I'm hanging up for a minute."
Leaping up to the roof of a building, the Collector was clearly wary of me, but didn't launch another attack.
Collector/Riku: "Now then, why didn't you shoot me?"
Senri: "I'm just hot-blooded, you know. Don't think things through."
Collector/Riku: "So you really want to die, huh?"
Rumors really are just rumors. Not only do they get embellished, but the most crucial parts are obscured by those exaggerations.
The Collector. I'd heard she was a brutal, cold-blooded OutCast hunter... but that image of her collapsed the very first time we met.
Simply put... the Collector had hesitated to shoot me at close range.
Even though I could have been moving in for the kill, she still shot at my feet out of consideration. That was the extent of her "cold-bloodedness."
Attacking me head-on would leave me with such serious wounds that I'd probably be paralyzed for life, and she would feel responsible. That was the extent of her "brutality."
It was all going as I'd predicted... From how often she warned of her attacks, I'd determined that the Collector had a conscience, at the very least.
That's why I'd charged, head-on, seemingly without a plan. I'd predicted this outcome based on the assumption that she wouldn't kill me for no reason, even if we were complete strangers.
Senri: "You get me?"
Collector/Riku: "You've insinuated that you could take me down if you really wanted to, and insisted that you don't wish to fight. Am I right?"
Senri: "Correct. Puzzle rings are easy enough with hints like that too."
What I didn't expect was that she'd predict the trajectory of the bullet and guard with her staff when I fired that blank.
Depending on the sturdiness of the staff, I can't deny the possibility that the bullet could have been deflected even if I'd really shot her. By my judgment, she's a hunter possessed of a superior battle technique.
Collector/Riku: "I can't hurt you and I can't take your Ring without reason. After all, I'm no indiscriminate assailant."
Senri: "I certainly didn't think the Hood would be a woman, though."
Collector/Riku: "'Hood'? Is your strategy confusing your opponent with random nonsense?"
So the Hood is unrelated to this... I asked some leading questions, but the Collector interpreted them as attempts to confuse her.
Senri: "...Well, I returned your Ring. You've got time for a little chat, don't you?"
Collector/Riku: "........."
Senri: "Do you know the {truth} behind the circulation of these Rings?"
Collector/Riku: "You seem to know something yourself."
The cautious Collector finally took the bait.
I'd assume she doesn't have the whole story, and either knows the same quantity or less than I do.
Quantity and quality, however, are different things.
I'm certain I can learn something from her.
In which case, I have to get to know her.
Collector/Riku: "You appear to be different from other OutCasts. I'd like to know what you're after."
Senri: "For now, let's talk somewhere else. I don't see any reason to get into it here."
And right when I'd convinced the Collector and she was about to jump down from the roof—I sensed bloodlust of absolute zero and reflexively leapt back.
Glistening blades of ice rained down between the Collector and me as if to keep us apart.
Much harder than regular ice, the magically generated frozen daggers easily tore up the ground.
Hood/Fiona: "Don't think. Just fulfill your mission."
The Hood, who had appeared as if to personally cut off the alliance we were forging, appeared to somehow both be unguarded and lacking in any openings.
Hood/Fiona: "Worry about your next task."
Collector/Riku: "Who are you?"
The Collector naturally attempted to communicate with it, but I knew that wouldn't work with this monster.
I silently kicked up the ice at my feet and took a long step forward, grabbing the Hood's arm after it easily dodged the ice.
I could break it. Throw it. Hit it. Anything would suffice. What was important was that I carried out the action without warning and without emotion.
Hood/Fiona: "......"
When people try to harm other people for no particular reason, their common sense kicks in to stop them. In battle, the victor is the one who can consciously remove that hesitation.
Break—I'd decided what I'd do, but I saw the Hood's other arm drawing a small magic circle and immediately changed my plan.
A razor-sharp pillar of ice shot up before me.
It had mercilessly struck the space right where I'd been grabbing its arm. If I hadn't let go, it probably would have taken my arm right with it.
The Hood was a disciplined fighter, able to decide at a moment's notice when to use its power.
Collector/Riku: "It's getting away. Should we follow it?"
Senri: "No, it's fine."
The Hood was jumping off of instant ice footholds to artificially "fly" through the air.
There were ways to follow it, but doing so would be similar to jumping onto the freeway blindfolded and shouting "stop."
In no time it would counterattack, killing me. I was sure the Hood could do that with no hesitation.
Collector/Riku: "Well, I have no idea what's going on."
The Hood quickly leapt over a building as if enjoying a casual stroll in the sky and was gone.
Collector/Riku: "So that was the 'Hood' you mentioned earlier. What exactly is it?"
Senri: "...Slender."
There wasn't much muscle on the arm I'd grabbed.
There was a flesh and blood human inside that Hood. A human.
Either a slender man or a woman. It was alive. In that case, I could corner it.
I stored away this new information in the corner of my mind.
Collector/Riku: "Excuse me."
I'd been hoping to cut away that Hood on my first attack and get a glimpse of its true face, but I couldn't even do that.
The Hood had most likely been observing us and had intervened when things became disadvantageous for it.
Disadvantageous... Yes, it must have been somehow disadvantageous for it for the Collector and me to collaborate.
Collector/Riku: "I'm talking to you. Are you listening?"
Senri: "Is that 'mission' the Hood mentioned your Ring-hunting hobby? Don't you have to be at your next job?"
Collector/Riku: "Now that you mention it, I am running late. I'll have to leave straightaway."
Collector/Riku: "In any case, I'll remember you."
The Collector took her leave.
Well, I don't think we'll be having tea anytime soon, but I imagine she'll make for a very interesting source of information.
====================A010.TXT====================
As soon as I got home, I flipped over my case of puzzle rings and dumped them all out on the table.
I have to multitask when I want to organize information. When I'm exercising my mind, I come across clues I might miss otherwise.
Senri: "BURST... Magi... that mark..."
I took a sip of Re:D E]`nhant and leaned back into the couch.
Senri: "Casters... OutCasts... the two Rings..."
I thought back to that business in the entertainment district—I hadn't been expecting a recovered Mikihisa to reappear after I'd parted with the Collector.
Talking big and getting taken out in one hit meant he was nothing but a foil to her. I'm sure he couldn't stand having set a bad example to his friends or whatever, but it's also more likely that his pride simply couldn't accept what had happened.
Senri: "The Collector... liquefied corpses..."
The information's starting to come together.
The separated parts of this puzzle ring will be good as new too if I can just piece them together too.
Will it lead to this incredibly vague "conspiracy" Kamidate is chasing?
Senri: "Hey... what is it that you want to do in this town?"
Senri: "You're working your hardest to cause trouble out there somewhere even now, aren't you...?"
Senri: "Isn't that right... Hood?"
====================A011.TXT====================
Ageha: "Haaaaaah#... This sucks this sucks this suuucks..."
Ageha: "And I can't restore the data, of course! What the hell, man?! I mean, sure, I deserve some of the blame for letting my guard down, but... Can I cry?"
Senri: "On the floor you can. I'm not lending you my shoulder. Here."
Ageha: "Ah, thanks."
I slid a whiskey glass over to Ageha's hand. The amber liquid spilled down onto the rocks.
Senri: "Go ahead and get drunk."
Ageha: "I can't fight, I can't be free. / Now that the man that I love is gone, / it's all over for me."
Senri: "What's this now?"
Ageha: "I've had enough of fake relationships. / Those are done with too. / I'm breaking up with the world. / So I say goodbye to you."
Senri: "I see. Goodbye, eh? Good to hear."
I don't really get it, but this must be her next game.
Playing along with her will only waste my energy. I'm sure that if I asked, she'd only start happily explaining it to me, and then drop it all a few days later.
Senri: "Sounds like you've got a visitor, Ageha."
Ageha: "I apologized, but it wasn't enough. / I know that now that the dead are here. / Hurry up and make Labor Day 365 days a year."
Senri: "This is your office, isn't it? Answer the door."
I heard the door opening, unsolicited.
That's trespassing for sure.
I set down my glass.
Vigilante Takemaru: "........."
It was a vigilante. Was he looking to settle our debts after that fight or something?
Senri: "I don't mind this fixation of yours, personally, but this place has nothing to do with me. Let's head outside."
Vigilante Takemaru: "........."
Senri: "......?"
The vigilante collapsed with a sound like a sack of concrete hitting the floor.
I knew he was unconscious from the haphazard way he crumbled.
???/Riku: "Looks like this was the right place."
Senri: "We haven't ordered any delivery."
???/Riku: "He was rather determined to bother me on my way here, so I had him tell me where I'd most likely find you."
Senri: "I don't remember making friends with any Academy girls."
???/Riku: "...Come to think of it, we haven't met while I've been dressed {like this}."
Senri: "...I see. I thought you seemed familiar."
Collector/Riku: "Did I?"
The vigilante obviously thought the girl would be easy prey, and suffered for that thought. The whole lot of them might want to consider getting their bad luck exorcised if it keeps up much longer.
Ageha: "What are you to Sen-chan? How do you know his name? What do you mean, you like it rough?"
Collector/Riku: "Could you keep your distance? You reek of alcohol."
Ageha: "C'mon now, pretty girl, you wanna die? You wanna drop dead?"
Senri: "Calm down."
Ageha: "Okaaay♪"
Ageha: "You know how Fiona writes those little haikus? I thought I'd make myself stand out a little more by writing my own twisted poetry."
Collector/Riku: "In any case, I'd like to speak with you."
Ageha: "C'mon now, stay out of my conversation with Sen-chan. Nobody wants a violent girl who beats up dudes to get them to spill somebody's location."
Collector/Riku: "I'd like to tell you what I'm here for, so could you either step outside with me or shut her up, please?"
Ageha: "Thank you, Sen-chan! This little girl sticks out like a sore thumb here, but she's got a pretty nice bod, so I think I might just auction her off somewhere♪!"
Senri: "Let's speak outside."
Collector/Riku: "That would be great."
If Ageha learns that this girl is the Collector, the nemesis of OutCasts, these two won't just be trading irritated remarks.
If she knows someone's getting in the way of her work, Ageha will start rounding people up.
She'll go after this girl with overwhelming numbers and no hesitation.
She might even think my relationship with her is suspicious and brand me a traitor, too.
I figured this conversation would take a while, so we tossed the vigilante somewhere people would find him and I picked up some cans of Re:D Elephant while I was at it. I handed one to her.
Collector/Riku: "No thank you. I'm not thirsty."
Senri: "I see. I won't force it on you, then."
She has no interest in anything unnecessary. Conversations, relationships, anything and everything. It's clear just looking at her face.
Collector/Riku: "To cut to the chase, I'm interested in you."
Senri: "I'm not in the market for confessions of love. I think you can wait to get hitched until you've learned a little more about how the world works."
Collector/Riku: "......"
Senri: "It was a joke. You should lighten up a little."
Collector/Riku: "I have no intention whatsoever of joking around with you. If I didn't think I could use you, we wouldn't be talking."
Collector/Riku: "I'd pegged you as a similar person, but maybe I was wrong."
Senri: "If that's what you think, try me out."
Collector/Riku: "...Even if our goals are different, we each desire information the other can provide."
Senri: "Correct."
My interest reared its head after the Collector pointed this out.
Neither her noble face, which might tempt a man's heart.
Nor her body with its abundant feminine charms.
These things didn't matter to me. They didn't stir my lust.
Gender has no bearing on my arousal—the only thing that matters to me is what's inside someone—their information.
Collector/Riku: "You mentioned 'the truth of the circulation of the Rings' before, correct? Are you aware of that yourself?"
Senri: "I wonder."
Collector/Riku: "Do you have any idea who that Hood who came in between us was?"
Senri: "Probably a hobo or something."
Collector/Riku: "I'm aware that I won't get away with trying to trick you. I don't intend to gain any information from you without paying a price myself."
Collector/Riku: "So I'm going to tell you everything I think I need to."
If you're going to cooperate with someone, even if it's a lie, you should show them your hand to get them to trust you.
Sensing that this was going to be worthwhile, I tipped back my can and listened closely.
Collector/Riku: "This is a bit of a review, but I've been working under orders to incapacitate OutCasts and collect their Rings."
Collector/Riku: "That's probably why people started calling me the Collector."
Collector/Riku: "My targets are sent to me along with the location data on their Rings, so I can track them easily."
Senri: "Sorry to butt in, but why do you hunt alone?"
Collector/Riku: "Firstly, for stealth, secondly, to limit damage to a minimum."
Collector/Riku: "Thirdly, the costs are lower if I'm working on my own. I don't make mistakes even without a partner, and I've proven my efficiency, I imagine."
Senri: "Even if you did mess up, it'd just be one fewer woman in the world."
Collector/Riku: "Also, while I have no direct relationship with BURST, they seem to tolerate my existence."
That doesn't surprise me.
If there weren't some connection behind the scenes, she'd be surrounded and thrown into a cell.
Maybe they're only searching for her on paper.
Collector/Riku: "OutCasts are all criminals just by virtue of what they are."
Collector/Riku: "You're the same. However—and don't get the wrong idea—I don't say this to justify myself. I say it to give you the information you need."
Collector/Riku: "The ones I've hunted were not normal."
Senri: "...I think you're going to have to be a bit more specific."
Collector/Riku: "I've tried speaking with them before I take them out, but we can't hold a conversation at all."
Collector/Riku: "They're not thinking straight, or are confused; most of them are in a mental state that would be very dangerous to use magic in."
Senri: "........."
Collector/Riku: "My employers have either selected OutCasts who are in that perilous state, or..."
Collector/Riku: "They select OutCasts and {put them into} that state."
"Shake," "sit," "down."—The loyal dog has started to question these orders, and her eyes are beginning to seek out the darkness behind them.
Whoever she works for is probably going to end up paying for not keeping a tight enough collar on such a talented dog as this.
Collector/Riku: "My second job earlier tonight—the incident where Kokuryuu Satoru was being held hostage—has that been reported on?"
Senri: "I've heard about it. There was a power outage at the same time, so I haven't heard all the details, though."
An incident occurred in the city after I parted with the Collector, so she'd gone right to the scene after we met.
Collector/Riku: "I voiced my concerns after that incident had concluded, but I didn't get a response."
Collector/Riku: "...I no longer wish to play the fool. I want to know the truth about what it is I'm doing."
Senri: "I understand where you're coming from now."
Senri: "I apologize, but even after you've said all that, I don't know the truth of the circulation of the Rings."
Senri: "Same goes for the Hood. There's nothing I can say about it."
Collector/Riku: "I'm aware of that. I didn't think you'd show your hand so easily."
Collector/Riku: "I'm sure you have one piece of information regarding the questions I have, but I don't intend to rely on that information alone."
My throat's plenty moist now, and I've replenished some nutrients too. I tossed her the extra can of Re:D Elephant.
Senri: "I'll help you out if you drink it."
Collector/Riku: "...The Strongest Beverage - Definitely... Drinkable IV..."
She shot a glance at me, but I returned it without emotion.
Senri: "Doing legwork is healthy, but you should get some rest every once in a while too."
Senri: "If you push yourself when you're already exhausted, you'll just make a stupid mistake at the worst possible moment. Could you forgive yourself for such a frustrating error?"
Collector/Riku: "Who knows. It'd have to happen for me to find out."
Senri: "How optimistic. Or are you just disinterested?"
Senri: "Well, whatever. How about we stop beating around the bush about your employers? Let's cut to the chase."
Collector/Riku: "So you'll help?"
Senri: "I'll listen, at least."
Collector/Riku: "I receive my orders from Atori's project chief of Magi development, Mikuriya Akeno."
It's not particularly strange that Atori would be involved in this, when they manufacture those Rings. This was within my expectations.
Collector/Riku: "Mikuriya has her office at Atori's main headquarters. I want you to go there and look for files related to the truth of my Ring-hunting."
Senri: "The main headquarters... Are you serious? You'd better have a plan to get in."
Collector/Riku: "If you're worried about their security, don't be. Let's just walk in the front door."
Senri: "You want to break into the front door of a major corporation with magic? Out of the question. It's bold, but a little too stupid for my tastes."
Collector/Riku: "Let's just use my security card, then."
Senri: "I see."
She's well-prepared. I understand why Mikuriya hand-picked her.
Since we'd gotten this far, there was something I had to ask.
Senri: "You're rather young, but you've found your way inside Atori through your connections and magic aptitude, I see. What do they call you?"
Collector/Riku: "I just assumed you'd figured that out."
Senri: ".......Hm?"
People can largely be judged by their appearances—I observed the Collector before me without letting myself be swayed by extraneous information.
Her violent behaviour stands out the most, but when she closes her mouth, there's a certain grace to her bearing that becomes apparent.
When I stare at her like this, she's not embarrassed, but instead stands tall and proud.
The answer I come to is...
Senri: "You must be the Atori CEO's..."
Collector/Riku: "Yes."
Senri: "Mistress."
Collector/Riku: "......"
Senri: "Daughter."
Riku: "The name is Atori Riku."
The daughter of Atori's CEO. A girl genius, blessed with superior magic aptitude, afforded a gifted education, and trained to handle Magi.
Even with dizzying compensation, it'd be hard to find someone to work with prototype devices that could endanger their life. She must be using those quick wits of hers to help with their research and testing.
I don't want a full profile of the girl. That she's the CEO's daughter is useful to me—that's all the information I need to know about her.
What's more important is the information Mikuriya has, as the one using Atori's position to have her perform these hunts.
Senri: "I'm in. I'd like to see these files on the development of the Rings too."
Riku: "We're in agreement, then. When would you like to do this?"
Senri: "Let's go as soon as we've properly disposed of our cans."
I drained the rest of my Re:D Elephant, signaling the end of this break.
It was long past rush hour, so the area was deserted.
The business district, with its rows of skyscrapers all standing at similar heights, made for a monotonous view.
For the world-famous pioneer of magitronic technology, Atori's main building was quite mundanely designed.
That was the impression I got as I stared up at the building, so tall it might pierce the clouds, while Atori and I went over our infiltration plan.
Riku: "In the worst-case scenario—no, I've already accepted the fact that Mikuriya will find out that I've looked into her confidential data."
The building didn't face any major roads and the grounds surrounding it were vast, so it had been three minutes since we'd started across the promenade. We were still talking.
Riku: "She's aware that I have questions regarding my work hunting OutCasts. It's not a problem if she finds out later that I've been snooping around."
Riku: "In addition, she's not going to take me to court over it. I trust I don't need to explain why?"
I nodded. She's Atori Riku—as long as she's the CEO's daughter, her safety is guaranteed. The corporation would never do anything to harm its public image.
This troublemaker would probably have her freedom severely restricted, but not only does she probably have her own plans for that outcome, it's not my place to say anything about it.
Riku: "So there's only one thing you need to worry about, and that's getting caught in the act, since you'll be suspected of corporate espionage."
Senri: "Of course, if I'm here with an Atori herself, that shouldn't happen."
At the very least, they should assume I've got an appointment and ignore me until the elevator.
Riku: "The worst-case scenario would be Mikuriya finding you while you're searching her office."
Senri: "And on the other hand, as long as that doesn't happen, we'll be fine."
As long as I'm not discovered in the act, Atori Riku's name should be able to get me through pretty much anything else. That's the gist of it.
There's a good chance I won't be investigated officially, even if I'm caught on a security camera.
Of course this is all assuming that I trust Atori completely and that everything goes according to her plan.
But if I'm entering with a visitor's badge, it won't count as trespassing, larceny, or a violation of antitrust laws—
I'll just have to reevaluate the risk once I've actually made it to Mikuriya's office.
Riku: "Let's proceed as planned, then."
Riku: "—Alright, we've made it into the elevator."
Senri: "I think you were scaring some of those security guards."
With my eyes directed at the door like hers, I responded in the same quiet tone so that it wouldn't be picked up by a camera.
Though the reception desk was just about to close, Atori had strolled right up to it and lied with a straight face, easily getting them to issue me a visitor's badge.
If the desk had been closed, we would have had to use a staff entrance, which would have been a bit more trouble, but things had went fine.
The time being what it was, I had thought people would be a bit more suspicious, but there was no one who didn't know her face, including the security guards. She must use this route often, since she got through almost the whole thing with only her face.
Senri: "Rather than calling her on an internal line, you plan to meet up with her in an open space? It's not a bad plan, but should you have given her your name like that?"
Atori didn't answer my question, instead focusing on her terminal.
It displayed a mini-map of the underground parking lot. She seemed to be checking the cars that were parked there.
I can't imagine she's supposed to have access to that.
She must have obtained it without permission.
Maybe she's up to all sorts of other mischief.
Riku: "Her spot is in B3... Here."
Senri: "An unspoken rule, eh?"
Some people prefer to claim parking spaces for themselves, and the fact that there were still empty spots meant that Atori didn't employ anyone careless enough to park in someone else's designated place.
A light was on at the spot she'd pointed at—Mikuriya was in the building.
Most people would do their sneaking in when their victim wasn't around, but Atori would have been able to do that on her own. She wouldn't need an outsider like me for that.
Riku: "Mikuriya's office is on this floor. Come this way."
Atori stopped in a rest area off of a hallway and beckoned me over.
Riku: "...If you'd like to turn back, now's your chance. Entering that room without permission officially makes you my accomplice."
Senri: "I'll decide whether I do it or not. Let's continue as planned."
Riku: "You'll reach her office if you go straight down this hall, but there are surveillance cameras in the hallway and random security patrols."
Riku: "Once you're in the room, even if you finish early, wait for my signal before leaving. There'll be trouble if she finds you."
Riku: "The lock is magic, contactless, and automatic. An Atori original, of course. When you hold a card to it, a specialized receiver reads the chip inside, and..."
The card she handed me had the company name and a simple design on it.
Riku: "I took advantage of an opportunity to register this card to it the other day. I'll buy you enough time, but if something interferes—"
Senri: "I remember the signal for emergencies."
Riku: "I'll call Mikuriya out on my terminal and buy you time, then. Hide in the bathroom or something, then head into the room and nab the data after she passes by."
Senri: "One question. If this all goes well, I doubt I'll meet Mikuriya."
Riku: "Right... So?"
Senri: "Mikuriya {won} her current position with her own ability, correct?"
Riku: "That's an odd question."
Riku: "You're right. She used no connections to get where she is; it was all thanks to her own achievements. Of course, luck would be one of the abilities that's gotten her this far, too."
Senri: "...Alright, I understand."
Mikuriya emerged from her office and disappeared with a yawn down the hall.
She must be headed for that break area we were just in.
It's true that psychologically, we're more likely to be negligent when we're just getting up for a minute, rather than for a prolonged absence.
When I was sure she'd passed, I leapt out from the blind spot I'd been hiding in.
The lock was just what I'd pictured it would be.
I didn't waste a second holding up my {unmarked card} to the receiver; geometric patterns appeared beside it like a hologram.
I slipped into the room and was greeted by a minty aroma.
Maybe she was just fond of it, or it was some method to stave off fatigue. I imagined it was the latter.
I headed to the desk with the glow of the monitors to guide me.
The paper files on the shelves were clearly labeled and organized by project.
At a quick glance, I saw four files that had to do with Rings, but I found it hard to imagine she'd leave such vital information somewhere just anyone could reach.
I touched the large tablet PC on the desk and it brought up a fingerprint authentication screen.
From how orderly her desk was, I'd figured she would lock it every time she left.
Senri: "......Your time to shine..."
I booted up some software I'd borrowed from a specialist who spends all day staring at a monitor.
After going through a few steps, countless butterflies flitted across the screen and the lock screen dissolved under their electronic scales.
After unlocking the system, these "Ageha" butterflies would remain to search for data related to the Rings.
I scanned some design overviews and development reports, but it was all harmless and useless information.
I skipped through them all, since the remaining Agehas would automatically suck up anything related to their search criteria.
Senri: "........."
It almost felt too good to be true that I could obtain all the information related to my search criteria.
When they finished with the Rings, I had the Agehas pick up anything recent and work-related or things that had remained open for a long time.
I paused my search when the Agehas had found things that interested me in her chat logs.
Senri: "The Fraternity..."
A hidden folder—Mikuriya's secrets, lurking behind the thick fog of decoy information.
As I proceeded carefully with the Agehas' help, I naturally started speaking out loud.
Senri: "A special research organization run by the government... Materialize matter from thoughts, using the power of faith combined with that of Elements..."
—Here it is.
Senri: "This is some good stuff, Kamidate..."
I hurriedly skimmed its contents. When I reached a list of names in alphabetical order—the file automatically closed.
Unable to keep up their search, the Agehas, which had been flapping their wings so energetically, turned black is if being covered in soot and fluttered downwards.
The computer had automatically locked and my search was shut down.
I'd retrieved the cracking tool, but it had probably been destroyed along with all the data it had saved. I'd let my guard down. I should have committed it all to memory.
Senri: "Triumph—"
The mark displayed on the locked screen looked familiar to me.
Senri: "You guys sure love your secrets, don't you?"
"Right will triumph over might"—the slogan of the anti-magic faction.
No—the keyword "Triumph" appears in the articles pinned to my wall as well.
And it's part of {someone else's} little catchphrase too...
Senri: "Mikuriya Akeno, from Atori..."
Senri: "That mysterious symbol, 'Triumph'... The 'Fraternity' and their experiments—"
I'd thought I had all the pieces to this puzzle, but I'd just found more.
Just when I'd thought I was starting to see how this puzzle ring fit together, as time went on it had become twisted, and now I can't put it back in the shape it was before.
It would be dangerous to stay here any longer, and there was no reason to, either.
I can meet up with Atori again later.
If we do meet, I can tell her then.
That, unfortunately, I wasn't able to find any information that would benefit her.
====================A012.TXT====================
Fiona: "Hand on my shoulder, / you use that childish nickname. / What a cloudy day.
It's nice that we're busy, but I feel sluggish, since I had to skip lunch..."
Fiona: "Aaaah!!"
Senri: "Maybe you're a little lacking in faith?"
Fiona: "C-Come on, why would you put something cold against my cheek all of a sudden?! You surprised me!"
Senri: "Any {normal} person would be surprised."
Fiona: "Wait a second! It was premeditated, then? Do I need to show you to the confessional?"
Senri: "Wouldn't skipping lunch be a sin too? If you're not taking care of yourself, you'll cause other people to worry about you."
Fiona: "Hmph, Senri-san!"
Senri: "Let not man triumph?"
Fiona: "...If you understand, then that's fine. Anyway, this drink again? You really like it, huh?"
The sister sent an accusatory glance my way as she accepted the can of Re:D Elephant, but she made no move to start drinking it.
Fiona: "You're in a good mood, aren't you?"
Senri: "Huh?"
Fiona: "Hm? Everyone who comes to church comes with joy in their hearts. It's something like a playground for believers."
Fiona: "So you must be in a supremely good mood, Senri-san."
Senri: "I'm just here while I'm out running an errand. I'm not a believer."
Father Gaimon: "Senri-san, good evening."
Fiona: "? What's with the box, Father?"
Father Gaimon: "It was on one of the pews near the entrance. Someone must have forgotten it."
It proved the priest's good character that he was handling the box so delicately, even though it belonged to a stranger who wasn't even around.
Fiona: "Is that right? Let me take it, then. It wasn't there when I cleaned after the service, so it must belong to one of the two people who came after that."
Father Gaimon: "Please keep it safe for them, then. And the next time they come, make sure to return it to them."
Fiona: "Huh? Where's that smell coming from..."
Senri: "Hey, put the box down."
Fiona: "Huh? Huh? Aaah?!"
Father Gaimon: "There's smoke coming from it... But who would do that in a holy place like this...?"
Senri: "Just get down for now. Put your arm over your mouth and try not to breathe in any of the smoke."
The two of them crouched down, following my suggestions. It would be deadly to keep breathing up in the cloud of smoke that was forming above us.
Senri: "A bit extreme for a practical joke... Father, we don't know how harmful that smoke is. Get outside with Fiona before our vision's obstructed."
Father Gaimon: "Let's head outside, Sister."
Fiona: "Wait a second, what about you, Senri-san?"
Senri: "There's a window in the back room, isn't there? I'll open it to ventilate the place. Hurry up, there are some gases that are lethal if even the smallest amount of them get inside your lungs."
Father Gaimon: "It'll be too late if we pass out in this smoke. Let's do as Senri-san suggests."
Fiona: "But......"
Senri: "Give me the can, Fiona."
I took the can back from Fiona and dumped its contents out on the floor, covering its opening with my hand. It was just a temporary measure, but it'd give me an extra breath of air.
Senri: "I can freedive for 5 minutes without oxygen. Are you reassured now?"
Fiona: "...Yes. May the Lord protect you, Senri-san."
The sister gave me a worried look, but made up her mind and turned to face the entrance, taking a small breath close to the floor.
She almost crawled towards the door, sticking close to the ground with her arms covering her mouth.
Amid the white smoke obscuring my vision, I heard the sound of the door that told me the two of them had gotten out.
A single outsider was left alone in the church.
Senri: "........."
After looking around once more to make sure, I discarded the can full of air and picked up the box instead, standing up with it.
And in that world of smoke that was like the inside of a cloud, {I took a deep breath.}
Senri: "Cough! Cough!"
Fiona: "Senri-san!"
Fiona ran over and rubbed my back concernedly.
Fiona: "You're coughing so badly... You're not hurt, are you?"
Senri: "I'm fine, I haven't breathed in any smoke. I'm just coughing because I was holding my breath for so long."
Fiona: "Let's go to the hospital together."
Senri: "Don't worry about me."
I shook off her concerned hands and distanced myself from Fiona.
Senri: "Somebody with ill intent must have pretended to be a believer and placed that there, but since you two are alright, the smoke probably wasn't dangerous."
Father Gaimon: "We're only safe because of your quick thinking, Senri-san. Thank you so much."
The priest bowed down so low I could see the back of his head, and Fiona followed suit.
Father Gaimon: "I'm sure the culprit is being tormented by feelings of guilt as we speak. Maybe we'll see them one day in the confessional."
Senri: "Is that alright? There are times when if you don't take some countermeasures, things might escalate..."
Fiona: "Father, maybe we should report this to the police... I'm sure they could narrow down the visitors who would do this."
Father Gaimon: "As long as we're safe, it's alright. We must be forgiving of all, without relying on the law or authority."
Father Gaimon: "As fellow human beings, we lack the right to rob someone else of their whole future after they've succumbed to temptation only once."
Senri: "Fiona."
Fiona: "...I'm also a sister, though not a very accomplished one. If that's what you say, Father, all I can do is pray the culprit doesn't fall down to Gehenna."
Senri: "Don't go inside for a little while, just to be safe. And if you start to feel sick, go to the hospital."
My interest in the church evaporated at the same speed as the disappearing smoke.
???/Mikihisa: "Hey."
Senri: "......?"
When I turned around, I was met with a fist.
Mikihisa: "Fuck kinda reflexes do you have to have to dodge that? What do you think you are, a kung fu master?"
I'd sensed his bloodlust, so I'd merely twisted my neck a bit, making his fist slide over my skin.
Senri: "Go find a punching bag if you want to get violent."
Mikihisa: "None a' that stupid shit now. I know you're involved with that girl and with the liquefied corpses."
Senri: "What...?"
I'd been trying to leave, but his words put a stop to me.
Mikihisa: "Some of the vigilantes found this impossible corpse while they were walkin' around town. Apparently it belonged to one of your {buddies}."
Mikihisa: "Some shitstain of an OutCast got the wrong idea and charged at my boys. You assholes don't know how to hold back, so they're seriously hurt."
Senri: "Where was this corpse?"
Mikihisa: "Why d'you wanna know? You're always so fuckin' suspicious. Your very existence pisses me off!"
Looks like the entertainment district had seen some action in the short time I was at the church.
I'm sure the culprit's too sly to let anything important slip, though.
Mikihisa: "Wait. Where the fuck d'you think you're going?"
Senri: "I have no business with you."
Mikihisa: "You're... always like this."
Mikihisa: "You act like you've already won before you even do anything. Your eyes are like ice—your expression is like you can't even see me."
Mikihisa: "Everything around me just turns rotten with you in the picture. Could you just disappear from the world?"
Senri: "I'm not a machine. You're going to have to wait until I drop dead."
Mikihisa: "There's no getting out of the fact that trouble came to this city at the same time you did."
Senri: "......"
Mikihisa: "Use your gun, use magic, whatever, I don't care. I'm fine with this fist. I don't need a weapon to take care of a single sewer rat."
Senri: "Sure you don't need to be getting back to the church?"
Mikihisa: "...What?"
Senri: "I see. You don't know what happened there."
Mikihisa: "......"
Senri: "Some idiot left behind a smoke bomb. What do you think happened to Fiona after she got a lungful of poison?"
Mikihisa: "...What's that have to do with this? We just use the church as a place to hang out. Anyway, what do I—"
Senri: "Well? {What do you think happened}?"
Mikihisa: ".........You fucker..."
Senri: "{Sure you don't need to hurry}?"
Mikihisa: "Next time we meet I'll give you a nose job with my fist, free of charge."
After dodging the spit he sent my way, I allowed myself a moment to imagine Fiona and the priest laughing heartily.
I have no interest in talking with my fists.
Giving people like him the slip is a much better use of my time.
Senri: "Liquefied corpses... Guess I'll make the rounds."
The situation was more serious than I'd thought and had progressed to this point incredibly rapidly.
From the places I'd checked alone, I'd confirmed numbers of liquefied corpses in the double digits, and from the modus operandi, I'd assume it was all one perpetrator.
If one person is doing all this, then all I can think is that they're killing any OutCast they see on sight.
Even if they were choosing deserted places to commit their crimes, with this many it was only a matter of time until they were caught.
Until now, the culprit's been cautious, slowly and steadily accumulating victims, but now it's like they've made their monthly quota in a single day.
They only target OutCasts who are treated like homeless people, cautiously erasing their very existence so that the police don't get involved.
So why just today are they risking being discovered, with these showy crimes?
By the time I had an idea about that, my coat was stuffed full of the Rings that had been left at each scene.
Ageha: "......Whewww..."
She rubbed her eyes and let out a feverish sigh. She peeled her eyes away from the monitor, unaware that her false eyelashes were misaligned, the very sight of her dripping with fatigue.
Ageha: "Oh, you're here. What is it...? I'm a little busy, so you'd better not say 'I'm hungry' or something."
Ageha: "Oh, wow# So violent! You gonna break the table?"
Senri: "Look at this."
Ageha: "Holy shit, look at all those Rings. Think the Collector has that many?"
Senri: "Some freak is piling up mountains of liquefied corpses in the entertainment district. These Rings were all that was left behind."
Ageha: "...Well, 's a pretty big deal for us OutCasts. I'm not surprised you've heard, Sen-chan."
Ageha: "I'm impressed you've found so many in such a short time, though. Are you the culprit?"
Senri: "How many of your contract workers have you lost contact with?"
Ageha: "Let me ask you instead: Do you remember the exact number of grains of rice you've eaten in your life? It's somewhere in that range."
Ageha: "With all the speculation flying around, it's not exactly a great time for work."
Senri: "......"
Ageha: "Here's the latest update: some people are starting to say I'm pulling the strings here to get rid of people I don't need anymore."
Ageha: "Everybody's freaking out looking for the bad guy, so if you do too much snooping around, you might get magic'd right in the back by somebody, like 'bam,' Sen-chan."
Senri: "Look closer, Ageha."
The Rings spread out on the table like painstakingly-assembled collectible toys. They hold all the answers.
Ageha: "They're all cracked and busted... What about 'em?"
Senri: "The only OutCasts being targeted are the ones wearing these illegally modified Rings of unknown origin."
Senri: "It's far too suspicious if you think about it. It raises your magical ability. The detection function's been disabled. It's every OutCast's dream, with no drawbacks."
Senri: "Suddenly, such a convenient item for wannabe criminals appears out of nowhere—it's fantasy. It's too good to be true."
Ageha: "...You wanna say we're all caught up in somebody's scheme?"
Senri: "It's up to you whether you think it's suspicious or not."
Ageha, who has connections with over half of the OutCasts in the entertainment district, is the only one capable of putting out the word.
Ageha: "Sen-chan... would you just shut up..."
She knows that best herself. Even before I came... she was probably thinking it.
Ageha: "I'm {aware} that somebody fucking spread the Rings around on purpose."
It's a difficult decision she has to make. If something as ubiquitous as the Internet went away, some people might go mad if they're too dependent on it.
OutCasts are already dangerously dependent on their Rings; they need them to feel safe.
Ageha: "You think if I tell everybody 'it's dangerous, so take 'em off,' they're just gonna go 'oh, okay, sure'?"
Ageha: "To us, these are... our blood. It's like taking a part of our bodies away. Nobody can disconnect their own life-support system."
Senri: "That's why you should take the initiative and remove yours first."
Senri: "You know who has the most influence here, don't you?"
Ageha: "......No..."
Senri: "Lemme see it, Ageha."
Ageha: "Can't."
Senri: "I'll give it right back. I just need it for a second."
Ageha: "That's not it... This is the only keepsake I have left of a fellow premium player..."
She was mostly joking around back then, but she had also already seemed captive to the Ring's influence.
The Rings fool the eyes of BURST and the police, and in an emergency, provide enough firepower to defend yourself.
They were indispensable tools for an OutCast's trade.
If Ageha confiscated them like a mother, her children in this scenario, the OutCasts, would throw a tantrum.
All the trust of these outlaws she's built up—she might end up having to let go of her whole network of OutCasts.
Senri: "Though it's not like anyone's going to deal with them legitimately. I don't think they have too many options there."
Ageha: "I'm gonna think a bit more before I make my decision, okay? Wait."
Senri: "Wait? I don't care what you do. If you do nothing, there will be more attacks and more deaths."
Senri: "And if that happens, your value to me will decrease."
If she makes the wrong choice, her business could be sent back to square one.
It'd be inconvenient if I couldn't get information from her anymore.
That's all there is to it. If that happens, I'll look elsewhere.
I don't think I can expect Ageha to take care of this situation, though.
In which case, I should act under that assumption.
I stuck the Ring I'd gotten from Kamidate onto my arm.
====================A013.TXT====================
There was a pattern to these human liquefaction incidents, which were rapidly increasing in number.
Each victim was lured into a deserted place and thoroughly erased.
That probably indicates that there's no convenient switch built into the Rings to liquefy a whole group of people all at once over a wide area.
I don't know the method, but it needs to be carried out directly. Someone has been committing each incident by hand.
On my rounds through the crime scenes, I've noticed OutCasts moving in groups together.
By doing that, they were clearly lowering their chances of being targeted. On the other hand, someone like me, lurking about alone in these deserted areas, is a perfect target—
Senri: "I think my judgment is correct here, but..."
Either I'm just not lucky enough to run into them, I'm missing some condition, or... they're specifically avoiding me.
I put away my Ring and moved on to my next course of action.
Senri: "........."
Then I received a call on my terminal. From Ageha.
Maybe she has some additional information on these Rings.
Ageha: "Sorry, I might've screwed up."
Senri: "...What's going on?"
Ageha: "I sent out a message to all my work contacts to temporarily remove their Rings and get out of the entertainment district, but... maybe that was a bad idea..."
Senri: "Unexpected consequences, eh?"
Ageha: "Well, since I have so many connections among OutCasts, people think I might be involved with the liquefied corpses and the Rings, and they've all flooded into the waste warehouse."
Ageha: "The fear and frustration that they might be next seems to have been directed at Etoh, who's the only person they can connect to the sales of the Rings."
As their recruiter, Ageha's words must carry a certain clout. It must just have been too much stimulation for a balloon that was already about to pop.
Ageha: "This is just the worst... Never mind solving the problem, it's like all it did was make everything worse... Ahh, fuck..."
Senri: "Don't rip too much of your hair out now."
Ageha: "I thought doing this kinda work would get me away from stress, but if this keeps up my head's gonna look like a monk's pretty soon."
Senri: "Don't panic. I'll be over there soon."
Ageha: "What? You'll come?"
Senri: "We'll meet at the waste warehouse."
......Right after hanging up, I felt a strange unease pass over me.
With all of my investigating so far, and the current situation...
Angry OutCasts burst into the waste warehouse.
The small space is filled with Rings.
Senri: "Guess this unease is my due."
I quickened my pace toward the waste warehouse.
The businesses and passersby on the streets were the same as always. So much so that it almost made the horror story going on behind the scenes seem like something from a different dimension.
As the waste warehouse finally came into sight, a figure standing outside its entrance did as well.
Senri: "How did I know I'd find you here?"
I reflexively chased after the figure as it disappeared into an alley, but a voice from the shop stopped me in my tracks.
It was a groan. Like the echoes of a grudge, bemoaning its pain, like the arms of the dead wrapping around my legs.
Ageha: "...Nhaahh..."
The automatic door opened and the wave that burst from it wet my legs up to the knee.
It's real water, not a hologram. The wave deposited Ageha at my feet like she was washing up on a beach.
As far as I could see, the inside of the shop was flooded like it had been hit by a typhoon. This wouldn't happen from something like a burst faucet, of course.
Senri: "Ageha, what happened?"
Ageha: "Cough, Cough—I dunno... All the guys who were after Etoh suddenly doubled over and melted into goo..."
Ageha: "It just happened... Etoh got away... I tried to go after him, but something weird's happening to me too..."
Mass slaughter—the garbage had all been swept up and disposed of together.
The Hood was after a more efficient way to liquefy the OutCasts.
I was able to predict that much.
And that a whole lot of blood would be shed, too.
But I'd kept quiet, thinking the possibility of this happening was low.
Senri: "...Why?"
I messed up. My only, yet worst mistake had caused this whole mess—
Senri: "Everyone who came here with complaints, and even you who called them up... why did you all still have your Rings on?"
The one who warned everyone of the dangers of the Rings still wore hers.
The ones who had been warned of the dangers of the Rings still wore theirs.
It didn't make any sense.
Ageha: "Didn't I tell you... they're like... a part of our bodies..."
—I was too naive.
I underestimated these OutCasts' dependence on their Rings.
Like someone who drinks water given to them in the middle of a desert even though they know it's poisoned—I hadn't understood how fatal this dependency was.
Ageha: "It's like... I can't control the magic... Just feeling the air on my skin, my body get so hot, it bursts out like sweat..."
Ageha: "I've never felt anything like this before... I might be a little scared... Ahaha, so this is the end of a Ring addict? How miserable..."
Water was gushing from Ageha like a burst pipe.
If left alone, she'll probably exhaust herself producing water magic from everywhere on her body, and in the worst case, she might even drown.
Collector: "The ones I've hunted were not normal."
Senri: "...I think you're going to have to be a bit more specific."
Collector: "I've tried speaking with them before I take them out, but we can't hold a conversation at all."
Collector: "They're not thinking straight, or confused; most of them are in a mental state that would be very dangerous to use magic in."
It's gradual, but the strength of the magic she's discharging is rising. She's lucid, but her condition resembles the "not normal" state Atori had described.
Senri: "Stay put."
Ageha: "Huh...? Sen-chan? Huh? What...? Now? You wanna do this now?"
I pressed my palm to Ageha's chest without asking permission.
It's no time for jokes, and I don't plan on playing along.
It's just that this valley is exactly where I need to be right now.
Senri: "You've led me on all this time. You don't care if I touch your chest, do you?"
Ageha: "—?!"
The wry smile on Ageha's face turned to a grimace of pain.
Your heart is closer to the center of your chest than you might think.
I used the shock from the powerful water pressure bursting between our skin to knock her out.
I had to act fast, so I didn't hesitate.
Senri: "I'm partially responsible for this situation."
Senri: "And so are you, Ageha."
I brought Ageha somewhere safe after she stopped emitting magic water and put my hand on the door to the waste warehouse to get a look at the bodies inside.
When I sensed something unusual and leapt back—the building housing the waste warehouse was split in two by an overwhelming burst of power from inside.
An eruption was probably an apt comparison.
It was a pure act of destruction, like the war cry of a beast inside of its lair.
Female Voice: "Aaaaah!! It's an OutCast attack!!"
Male Voice: "Run!! It's magic, magic!! Call the police!!"
People burst from the nearby businesses to escape the danger.
By the time the wreckage of the explosive destruction stopped raining down, the view around the warehouse had opened up quite a bit.
I could see a  figure inside the cloud of dust and sand, likely a survivor of the half-destroyed waste warehouse.
OutCast A: "Kheeheeheeheeheehahahahahahaha!!"
OutCast A: "Everybody died! They all died!! So why am I still alive?!"
The man splashing around red-faced amidst the liquefying corpses... was unharmed.
OutCast A: "Why'd you die, bro? It's just a bad joke, right? We've been together all this time, haven't we? Come on?!"
Instead of his body, it seemed his mind had turned to mud instead. It was hard to watch him talk to the puddle that had been his partner while covered in rubble in the dirty street.
Senri: "Give it up. They're all dead besides you."
OutCast A: "Ooh, there's a survivor. Hey, help me out here. My bro's gone all watery—See? Slurp, gulp. He's watery enough that I can just drink him up!"
Senri: "You'll get a stomachache."
He scooped up {what had been his partner} and drank from it like it was a stream.
OutCast A: "This is good... it's good soup...! Try some, man. Trust me."
Senri: "I'm afraid I've got more modern tastes. I don't drink anything that hasn't been purified."
Earth Mage: "...Hm? Wait a second, you're... that lying bastard from before. Hey, it's been a while."
I went through my memories. I'd seen him a few days ago. He was the OutCast with the earth magic I'd fought when investigating the functions of the Rings.
Earth Mage: "Huh...? So then was this you? Huh, is that it? Makes sense the dirty culprit would get out unscathed."
His bloodlust for me must be allowing him to barely retain his sanity.
I sensed the strength of his will in his eyes. The eyes of someone stubborn, who's decided something is one way and won't listen to anyone saying otherwise.
Of course, if someone whose daily life involves that much violence loses his restraint, I doubt I had any chance to persuade him with words in the first place.
Senri: "You're a victim here too, but I suppose I've got to stop you."
I gave up on chasing the Hood. It would be interesting to find out exactly how strong a man infected by his Ring was, too.
I have no interest in the damage to our surroundings, but as someone partly responsible for the situation, I should clean up my mistakes lest they weigh on my conscience.
Senri: "You're in more danger than you think you are, friend."
Earth Mage: "That toy again? Don't you have any pride as an OutCast?"
Senri: "Pride? Sounds cool. Stupid, but cool."
I aimed at his leg and pulled the trigger, trying to immobilize him. Three shots rang out.
Earth Mage: "That—ain't gonna work on me! Ain't exactly the season for mosquito bites, is it?!"
Senri: "...His magic aptitude's increased."
Normally a mage has to take a position most suited for using his magic and can only manipulate the elements after going through certain steps.
But the man was using magic as naturally as breathing, probably something only those under Atori's "not normal" effects can do.
Just like Ageha, the man's magic power was overflowing. It's hard to say whether he's noticed it himself, but his clothing is starting to be coated with rigid earth.
If normally you can only use chopsticks with your dominant hand, the man was giving a performance like a culinary acrobat, using the chopsticks of his magic with every part of his body.
Earth Mage: "[Aegis, aegis, aegis, aegis, aeeeegis!!] Don't you know you're only wasting bullets, you dumbass?!"
I'm hitting him. I'm hitting him, but I'm not doing any damage.
From the small magic circles forming everywhere my bullets hit, I'm guessing he's defending with instantaneous walls of rock.
He was performing outstandingly delicate magic unconsciously—again, it must be something only those who {withstood} the effects of the Ring were capable of.
Earth Mage: "[Permission granted! Begin demolition!!]"
As the bullets flew at him, the man brought his arm down against the ground like a mallet.
Massive geometric patterns appeared, overlapping with each other, and then the tremors began.
Crrrrrrrrrrrruuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmbbbbbbbbbllllllllllllllleeeeeeeeee!!!
When the reaper approaches, his footsteps are always very audible. Regardless of when, where, or how, the threat of death is always clear.
Senri: "...There are too many of them."
Countless stone pillars erupted from the ground. Since there were so many, it was hard to say what he was aiming for.
I moved to avoid a lethal injury and pulled the trigger.
I kept dodging the spears of earth, as my bullets continued to be deflected and other obstacles appeared in my way.
Earth Mage: "This is amazing, I'm in perfect form. Runnin' around thinkin' up one of your little schemes isn't gonna get you anywhere. I'm so strong it's unfair."
Maybe confidence is another effect of the Ring, or he's just high on his newfound power. On the surface, I'm at an indisputable disadvantage.
I leapt off of the stepping stones he was producing for me and sent another hail of bullets his way.
Earth Mage: "How long are you gonna rely on that toy?! Use some magic like a real OutCast!!"
Senri: "...It's not like that's a rule."
Earth Mage: "You use the same magic I do, don't you? You scared you've met your match?!"
Senri: "Sorry to say this when you seem so hung up on it, but there's no need for me to."
Earth Mage: "No matter how many times you—?!"
The man suddenly froze in surprise. My ricocheted bullets, which had been gradually wearing away at the neon sign above his head, had loosened it entirely with that last shot.
Clunk. Sorry, but the position, the timing, all of it had all gone according to my plans. The broken neon rained down on him.
Earth Mage: "[Congregate, congregate! Permission granted, protection activate!!]"
He'd let his guard down and my plan had borne fruit—but the man leapt back and cushioned the impact with a mound of soft dirt.
Earth Mage: "Don't underestimate me!! I'm gonna kill you in revenge for my bro!!"
Senri: "Wow, you've got pretty good reflexes."
He'd stomped the ground at the last moment, flipping up a sheet of rock to block against the impact.
Oh well. In the first place, I knew he was skilled enough at defense to emerge from that half-destroyed building unscathed. In that case—
Senri: "I give up."
Earth Mage: "......"
Earth Mage: "..........................................Huh?"
He was astounded. His will to fight evaporated, his stance momentarily broken as if he'd completely forgotten what he was in the middle of.
Earth Mage: "Are you kidd—"
The neon city never slept, but there was darkness around just this man.
He looked at his feet, and noticing the giant shadow forming around him... looked up.
Earth Mage: "Huh?"
The final pillar holding up the remaining half of the waste warehouse crumbled, and with a terrible creaking, the rest of it began to fall.
It was on a different scale than the neon sign.
Since the limit of a human's reflexes is 0.1 seconds, he would realize—then CRASH!!!
...Squished flat.
That man and me both—no, no one could possibly avoid such a vicious mass of concrete.
Senri: "The building was half-trashed already. Now there's less demolition work to do, at least."
I know I was aiming for this, but it worked out almost too well.
It sounds too good to be true that the next building over had a crumbling roof that just so happened to fall at a good angle.
What was important was that I wasn't picky. No matter what stupid tricks I had to pull, as long as I could create that opening, in the next moment I would win.
That's what real battles in real life are like. Those fights to the death are about realizing that. Realizing that, and remembering the weight of the soul that rests on your trigger finger, those are what's important.
Senri: (Pretty loud. Shouldn't take long, then.)
I gazed at the mountain of rubble that had caused such a huge commotion. Even buried under 30 tons of building, with that much defensive power, it wouldn't be strange for him to still be breathing.
I hadn't intended to kill him, but you can't hold back too much when you're trying to shut up a thug like that.
Senri: "...Hm......"
Earth Mage: "If my heaaaaart fuckin' explooooodes are you gonna take responsibilityyyyy?!!"
He was still full of energy. While not completely unscathed, he was standing straight, and so completely ready to continue the confrontation that I almost wanted to ask him how he'd defended so well against the impact.
Senri: "Pretty lucky."
Earth Mage: "Yeah fuckin' right... My luck couldn't be worse..."
Senri: "Hm? I meant me. Since you got out on your own, it saved me the trouble of having to dig you out myself."
Snap. If this were a comedy, I bet there would have been a little sound effect as his blood vessel popped.
Earth Mage: "[Envious peaks, arise, arise, arise from the shadows and stand above all!!]"
His concentration, focused to its limit by his rage, became a vast amount of magical energy.
A wall—it doesn't sound like much when you describe it that way, but what about a towering monolith, built to prevent the invasion of giants?
The pillar soaring above me rivaled the size of the building that had just collapsed. But how would he use it?
Earth Mage: "[Permission granted! Trample with the force of one thousand strong!!]"
Senri: "—!"
Something flew by my eyes. Faster than they could follow, it burst at my feet.
It was a stone projectile the size of my fist. A magic rain of rocks came plummeting down endlessly. If they hit me they'd go right through my flesh, break my bones, and if I took one to the head, kill me instantly.
Blocking my vision with the giant wall, he sends a rain of bullets down on me from the other side—like a battalion of archers in a castle siege.
Senri: (I'm guessing he's planning something else.)
It was simple enough to dodge them, but as I did so, walls of similar sizes rose up behind me and to my left and right, sealing me inside the four of them.
An instant coliseum. The man showed himself through a small gap, intending to face off against me.
Earth Mage: "Haahh, haahh, haahh, you can't keep jumping around and dodging like that forever!"
Senri: "Take it easy."
His bloodshot, sunken eyes made him look like a drug addict at the end of his rope.
His goals seemed to be changing from the beginning of the fight as well. He was clearly still in it to kill me in revenge for his partner, but proving the superiority of his magical ability seemed to be just as important to him now as well.
Normally when two OutCasts fight each other it becomes a competition of magic. Since they're both giving everything they've got, at risk to their lives, it only makes sense that they'd fight magic with magic, as it's difficult to defend against it with conventional weapons.
He must be humiliated that I refuse to face him with anything but a single gun. His pride as an OutCast won't accept that, even with his mind in as much of a mess as it is now.
Earth Mage: "Come at me! Come at me with all the magic you've got!!"
Combined with the boost in his magical ability, he must want to vent his frustrations from before.
OutCast A: "Fuuuuuuuuuck!!"
Ruu: "Wow..."
Senri: "Howling like that's just a waste of energy. If you just wait a few moments, it'll open itself up."
Senri: "I just happened to be good at the same magic as you. What an unfortunate coincidence."
As someone who uses similar magic, he wants to deny everything about me and thoroughly defeat me, I imagine.
Earth Mage: "I'll humiliate you, and then I'll kill you! I'll wait until you're in tears for daring to cross me, and then I'll torture and torture and torture you within an inch of your life—and then I'll take it!!"
Earth Mage: "Haahh, haahh, ahahaaa! You traitor to OutCaaaaasts!!"
I observed my surroundings. Trapped between four thick walls, I was completely closed in aside from the sky above me.
Senri: "So you can use this much magic... I'm impressed."
I knocked on the walls as if to check their strength, then {gave a little nod}.
Senri: "Alright."
Senri: "I'll do as you ask, then. {I'll use magic}."
Earth Mage: "Hahahahahahaha!! Come at me!! It's a contest of strength!!!"
The man concentrated, preparing himself for a counterattack. For a head-on competition. I indicated my willingness to participate in it.
Senri: "Hahh... pheeeeew..."
I took a deep breath in the vein of a martial arts technique. I tightened my muscles, sharpened my senses, and took in fresh oxygen to boost my performance for a short time.
Sensing my emanating bloodlust, the man concentrated all his focus solely on me, waiting to see what move I would make.
And in that instant—a {staff} was mercilessly brought down on him.
Earth Mage: "—?!"
There was a burst of light when a fireball hit him {from behind}.
I wasn't surprised to see the string of question marks in the man's eyes. It was exactly the sort of reaction you'd expect out of someone in an {accident}.
Flames exploded in the area, a wave of heat washing over me.
Riku: "That's the ticket."
Not from the front, but from behind—the professional, with all her zeal for the job, loosened her grip on her Magi and made a graceful landing.
Senri: "Perfect shooting and a perfect landing. Just what I'd expect from the Collector."
The girl I'd called the Collector looked around and then removed her mask with an annoyed sigh.
Thanks to all the ruckus, everyone fearing for their lives had fled the area already.
Riku: "Wouldn't want to make things more difficult than they already are."
I'd greeted Atori with some light applause, but she only looked 30% more unamused than usual. Guess she's not in the greatest of moods right now.
Senri: "You saved me from a hopeless situation. You have my thanks."
Riku: "It didn't look that way."
Senri: "There's no need to be modest. It only worked out since you have that equipment specialized for OutCast-hunting."
Riku: "I don't really care, but it doesn't feel great to be used like that."
Atori let out a long sigh, then said with annoyance:
Riku: "You danced around him trying to keep the damage to a minimum and {had} him create a little impromptu dueling arena like this."
There was a big enough magic skirmish to alter the scenery of the town, but the neighboring buildings had escaped enough harm that they could open for business again tomorrow.
Riku: "You acted like he'd cornered you and waited for me to arrive."
With an OutCast running amok under the effects of a Ring, it was only a matter of time until the Collector arrived.
I only had to knock, sending her a little signal as she silently observed the situation from nearby.
Senri: "I'm not gonna worry about how I look in a fight to the death."
Senri: "I just left it to the right person for the job. OutCast-hunting should be left to the professionals."
Riku: "...Incidentally, I seem to recall seeing that object at your feet before."
Senri: "Hm...? Oh, this?"
I picked up the small Magi before she could complain.
I'd obtained it in my search of Mikuriya's office in the Atori building.
Senri: "This is a good opportunity. I'll return it."
Riku: "It's just a prototype, but that's a high-end combat Magi that changes in strength depending on the amount of Elements it absorbs."
Riku: "So it {was} you who nicked it. Sticky fingers?"
Senri: "It was just lying around, so I picked it up. Haven't even used the thing myself."
Riku: "You probably just couldn't figure out how. You're holding it wrong."
As I listened to Atori's simple lecture... I sensed the arm of the man on the ground moving.
I wasn't mistaken, and it wasn't a death spasm.
He was trying to stand back up.
Riku: "Something like an instant shield of earth covered him on impact and softened the blow, I imagine?"
Senri: "Correct."
Atori nodded, as quick to catch on as always.
Looks like she instantly caught on that it's not his defensive capability that's impressive, but the skill to call up his magic at any point on his body.
Senri: "I'll leave this to the pro. You know a good, efficient way to knock him out, don't you?"
Riku: "My Magi isn't completely non-lethal."
Senri: "He's up."
The OutCast rose up like an immortal, radiating bloodlust from head to toe.
Maybe he seems invulnerable because even if his body's at its limit, his will refuses to break.
Riku: "Let's finish this up. BURST is on its way. You don't want to be carted off with him, I assume."
Senri: "Can I leave the rest to you, then?"
Riku: "I'll deal with him, but as it's you he's after, if you don't stick around we could end up playing tag."
Riku: "Why don't you just sit tight? I haven't heard what you learned about in that office yet either."
Earth Mage: "Kill... kill... kill... kill, kill, kill, kill, kill..."
The staff moved as it always did.
Atori indifferently readied herself for combat.
She measured the distance between herself and the man, paying no mind to his curses.
When it comes to hunting OutCasts, Atori's got me far outclassed.
I'm sure she knows a hundred more ways than I do to knock the man out without killing him.
In other words, I'll be fine if I do as she says and sit tight.
I could just remain an observer, but since she just explained how to use the Magi I'll have to return to her in a few moments, I'm a little curious about its functions now.
I've never used a Magi before, so it'll probably be to my benefit to try it out before their fight concludes.
Earth Mage: "III'LL KIIILL YOUUU!!!"
Riku: "This won't hurt as much if you keep still."
It was a sword built rather like a retractable baton, small in size so as to be portable, but fitting nicely into my hand.
I suppose it absorbs and condenses the nearby Elements, just like magic does.
Recalling Atori's explanation, I lightly gripped it, with my intention being a sort of vague "something like this?".
Light erupted from the shaft and solidified.
I'd intended to only use so much power that I didn't interfere with Atori's work, but it was difficult to control it.
Senri: "It expands just by touching it... I can't control the output..."
It's pointlessly conspicuous and doesn't seem like it would handle tight movement well. It's not user-friendly at all.
I've hit the switch to stop it from converting the Elements nearby, but it's not responding—is this thing broken?
Senri: "Completely defective."
The light seemed to have surpassed the Magi's limits, yet it continued expanding endlessly.
Eventually it became more than the machine could handle and the light spilled out, burning the ground with an extraordinary amount of thermal energy.
Senri: "...Shouldn't've tried that."
Looks like I have the worst possible compatibility with Magi.
I threw the malfunctioning Magi against one of the remaining walls nearby, intending to destroy it.
Earth Mage: "—!"
Riku: "—!"
The whole arena was reduced to dust with the impact, like the fall of a meteorite.
The destruction was more dramatic than I'd anticipated, and after the wall was destroyed, earth rained down onto Atori.
Senri: "Guess a toy's just a toy."
The Magi broke with the impact and tiny pieces of it struck my face, letting me taste its mortality. If it's only this durable, it's going to be a long road to the final product.
Stillness filled my surroundings. When the dust settled, I found the man completely limp, having passed out on the ground.
Atori stood just next to him.
Riku: "Well, I wasn't expecting you to take me out with him."
Senri: "It was an accident."
Riku: "You couldn't have warned me, then?"
Its controls need a whole lot of work, but the destruction around us attests to its power.
As we were supposed to be cooperating, my failure to notify Atori of danger was a complete mistake on my part.
It's only natural that she thinks I was trying to deal with both of them together.
Senri: "On the other hand..."
Senri: "I'd like to ask you exactly what I should have warned you about, considering you're {unharmed}."
That was all I said in answer.
Indeed, Atori was fine, her Ring blaring out pointless warnings.
Riku: "You leave the situation to me and then play around with the prototype? You have no common sense."
Senri: "Yeah, doesn't seem like it'd be easy being a tester. I doubt I could do it."
When I dropped the fragment of the Magi remaining in my hand, I noticed a conifer-like pattern by Atori's feet.
Riku: "Quite. I doubt we'd ever finalize a product with you doing the testing."
Riku: "Our Magi aren't made for {people like you} to use."
Senri: "........."
Riku: "........."
Senri: "Let's let bygones be bygones. I'll leave him to you."
The man was completely unconscious, his eyes rolled back into his head.
His face was contorted like Munch's {Scream}, as if he'd seen something terrifying.
Riku: "......"
Atori's expression changed just ever so slightly, which I might have missed had I not been paying attention.
Senri: "You alright?"
Riku: "It's nothing. Please just get out of here. We can talk later, but right now, BURST is coming."
Atori reluctantly turned her back to me, crouched down next to the man, and started investigating his Ring.
Senri: "......I'm sure this won't be reported on either. You guys are behind it as well, aren't you...?"
With each passing day, the scale of this trouble expands.
I could acutely sense the time growing shorter.
====================A014.TXT====================
Ageha, who made a killing recruiting OutCasts for work, destroyed herself with the Rings.
But after she went missing in the turmoil around them, her warning about the Rings grew much more credible.
Ageha discovered the truth behind these convenient Rings and was erased—it didn't even take one night for that rumor to begin spreading.
Disasters are the same: they're only taken seriously after they happen. Only after harm has been done do people realize it's not just a drill.
Suspicious of their Rings, OutCasts finally began to remove them.
The whole lot of them began to think together about that one issue.
Whether their cheap and flimsy union was just for show or not, it was inevitable that both they and the atmosphere of the whole town around them would change.
Bellwether: "What's happening with the Rings is just like what happened with drugs. Those who use them are being cheated by those who are profiting off of that mistake."
Bellwether: "They win over OutCasts with trifling power and freedom, then slowly eliminate them with the side effects. Pretty smart of the government."
Bellwether: "They used to have them at pharmacies, didn't they? Those black dome things to kill pests. It's the same thing, just with OutCasts."
Bellwether: "They baited us with tasty Rings, and when we brought them back to our nests, they could get rid of the lot of us all together."
The man had rounded up a dozen or so OutCasts he trusted without using Ageha's network and started committing robberies with them.
It was survival of the fittest—they lived amid all the chaos with their hatred for the current regime.
Learning about the connection between the spreading of the Rings and the liquefaction murders, they were enraged.
Bellwether: "It's amazing, isn't it? It's so efficient! The victims die on their own, leaving no evidence. The government doesn't have to spend any money investigating, and no regular citizens or cops are sacrificed."
Bellwether: "D'you know how much it costs them when a cop dies? They gotta pay out insurance, bereavement benefits, money for funeral offerings..."
Bellwether: "This way, they don't have to pay aaaaany of that shit. Everybody wins. Everybody's happy."
Bellwether: "...Everybody but {us}."
The man froze the Ring he held up high with his magic and smashed it to pieces.
Bellwether: "Everyone who died was in the same boat. We've all got the power to mourn them."
Bellwether: "Order and chaos—which is stronger? I think it's time to answer that question."
These outlaws, who'd always used magic for their own gain, had always wanted to be on the winning side.
Their lawlessness was, for them, a point of pride after being ostracized from society, and maintaining that lawlessness unified them.
[Retribution.]
The Hood merely whispered, standing next to their leader, but its words pierced deep into their hearts.
—One among them sent up a cry.
He was no one of note in the group, having been treated as a newcomer.
[Retribution.]
The voice continued.
[Retribution. Retribution.
Retribution. Retribution.]
Voices exploded in agreement.
Their cries were contagious, and a strange fever overcame them.
[Retribution. Retribution. Retribution.
Retribution. Retribution. Retribution.
Retribution. Retribution. Retribution.]
Let loose, these rapids could no longer be withstood.
====================A015.TXT====================
I didn't find Ageha in my room when I returned after the destruction of the waste warehouse.
I poked my nose into her office as well, but there were no signs that she'd been there, and she wasn't at the scene of the incident either. She had disappeared.
I'm not sure whether she escaped from BURST or ran out of strength and got herself arrested.
But if that was all it took to arrest her, she wouldn't have been in that recruiting business in the first place. She's probably keeping a low profile until the heat dies down.
With its landlady gone, my apartment lost its function as a safehouse.
Having removed all my belongings and stored them in a locker, I was resetting my messed up internal clock out in the sun.
Haruto: "Asahi!!"
...Asahi, like the brewery? It's too early to be talking about drinking.
Asahi: "I know! I'm running as fast as I can!!"
Then... I recognized a figure that sped past me at an incredible speed.
The promising Caster who wielded extremely hot blue flames.
The girl with him is probably his girlfriend, and I imagine they're about to miss the beginning of a movie or something. Though the ghastly paleness of their faces drew my interest somewhat...
Senri: "......"
There are times when it can be productive to follow a fleeting sense of curiosity, but the vital lead I have at the moment takes precedence.
I ran my eyes over the note in my hand. It listed a certain someone's address.
I'd wanted to get this done with last night, but as I kept getting wrapped up in trouble, I hadn't been able to.
Senri: "The Fraternity."
There had been a list of names in alphabetical order in a hidden folder in Mikuriya's office. Then there was that "Triumph" warning screen.
Senri: "Let not man triumph."
That phrase from the Bible Fiona often spouted—I'd gotten my answer there.
Yesterday, I'd lured Fiona and the priest out of the church with that smoke bomb and had succeeded in finding information on their constituents in the back room.
As I flipped through their donation records, I found a name I recalled seeing on the list I'd skimmed in Mikuriya's top-secret files.
I had other ways of infiltrating them if the church itself was complicit in the experiments, but the reactions of Fiona and the priest were evidence of the weakness of that theory.
Thinking realistically, it's more likely that some churchgoers made up the Fraternity, and used religious terminology as their password.
Those two aren't involved in this.
My destination was a compact house, about 50 square meters in size, that could be found on a small street on the opposite side of the station.
If the person I'm looking for isn't there, I don't mind. I'll just destroy the security system and wait inside the house.
I headed into the crosswalk in front of the station.
It's the busiest spot on the island, with more than 50,000 people passing through it every day.
I was so lost in the sensation of walking through the city center in the light of day (the feeling of which I'd almost forgotten) that for a moment I missed the traffic light turning green, a sign so simple a child could understand it.
People suddenly overtook me, hurrying off somewhere. They sped their legs along toward their destinations, being as cogs in the clockwork of society. They walked without bumping into each other, as if at speeds they'd all agreed on beforehand.
I shook my head to clear away the philosophical thoughts I found coming to me and erased my individuality, to play my part as an extra in this scene.
As I belatedly entered the crosswalk, I noticed that the assembly line of people before me had suddenly stopped.
Senri: ".........?"
Just now—
Senri: "Hm?"
I thought I'd sensed something strange about the crowd just now, but my concentration was instead focused on what had just struck my cheek.
Rain—A droplet hit my cheek and dripped down to my lips.
Passerby: "What the—No one said it was gonna rain today!"
Passerby: "Don't diss the weatherman! It's just drizzling—wait, what?"
Drip, drip, drip.
I wiped away the rain from my cheek with my finger.
It's an odd color.
At the very least... {I've never heard of red rain before}.
Violent screams bred unease and terror,
and unease and terror bred violent screams.
Unable to process the situation in this wall of pedestrians, people will get caught up in the whirl of blood and screams and all fall into mass hysteria.
Senri: (What just happened?)
Screams, wails, sobs, and roars—the crowd of overemotional pedestrians pushed at me with the force of an avalanche.
Deciding I wouldn't be able to get out of the path of their aimless movement, I concentrated on my thigh muscles and jumped back without turning around.
Thanks to my entering the crosswalk just as the light was turning red, there was no one behind me. I moved to an area with relatively fewer people to try to get a grasp on the situation.
Splish, splash, splish, splash, splat.
Splash, splish, splash, splish, splat.
Splat, splat, splat, splat, splat.
Meat rained down on the panicked crowd as if to drive the nail into the coffin.
There was no attempt to keep the body parts separated in any sort of orderly way, and the crosswalk became the scene of a bizarre but certainly not artistic murder.
The initial panic had already reached peak hysteria, so while the screams didn't increase in volume, the rain of meat became a signal for something else.
Passerby: "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!"
Passerby: "Stop! Stop it! Aaah! AAAAAaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!"
Flashes erupted from every direction like they'd all arranged to go off at this point.
Flames enveloped a nearby building, and a gust of wind accelerated their advance. This destruction was orchestrated by a group of mages—and the signal for their violence had just gone off.
Now that the situation's changed so completely, I've no time to pursue my original goal. I have no idea what secrets are lying behind this incident.
Changing my priorities, I set about to break the deadlock of the current situation.
====================A016.TXT====================
Haruto: "Asahi, hurry!!"
Asahi: "Wait, Haruto!! I can't run that fast!"
We ran through the throng.
Looking around, I didn't see anyone enjoying their Sunday like normal. Everyone was talking hurriedly on their phones or rushing from one place to another.
Haruto: "We have to hurry! Hina's in danger!!"
I suppressed my frustration and waited for Asahi to catch up to me.
In that spare moment, I thought back to why we were hurrying.
Asahi and I were watching TV in the living room after sleeping in until just before noon, since it was a holiday.
We were home alone, since Hina had gone to the hospital in the morning for a checkup—
And I was just about to suggest going out when a dramatic news bulletin had started playing.
Asahi: "The news came on on its own, Haruto."
I focused on the TV when Asahi called my attention to it. The screen displayed a collapsed building in the city; I could tell at a glance that something serious was happening.
TV: "We interrupt this program to bring you an urgent report."
TV: "There are several concurrent terrorist attacks being carried out by OutCasts all across Agartha."
TV: "Over ten attacks have been confirmed, with facilities all over the island being decimated—"
TV: "BURST personnel stationed on Agartha are currently attempting to suppress the attacks, but their large scale is making the situation difficult."
TV: "The situation on the island is dangerous, so we urge you to stay inside your homes. I repeat—"
Haruto: "This is terrible! I have to go save Hina!!"
Asahi: "Wait, Haruto! Where are you going?!"
Haruto: "The hospital!!"
Asahi: "You can't! It's too dangerous to leave now!!"
Haruto: "This is no time for that!!"
Asahi: "Haruto!!"
I ran off again before Asahi could catch up to me.
If something happened to Hina—An indescribable unease spurred me to action.
I wasn't the only one running. I almost hit several people. It was the first time in my life I'd felt like all the people I saw were just in my way.
Haruto: "Haahh, haahh, Asahi...?"
When I turned around, I realized that I'd lost Asahi in the crowd.
As soon as the realization hit me, I admonished myself for my lack of composure.
What should I do... Should I look for her...?
When I cooled my head as best I could, the answer I came up with was to continue on to the hospital.
We were headed for the same place. Meeting up at the hospital would be better than searching blindly for her.
I couldn't deny the fact that my worry for Hina had contributed to my decision too, but believing it was still the best idea, I ran off again.
Haruto: "Hina!! If you're there, answer me!!"
My shouts echoed futilely through the deserted hospital lobby. Usually this place was bustling with outpatients, but not a single soul was here today.
I hadn't seen anyone, let alone Hina, ever since I'd entered the hospital grounds.
Haruto: "Hina, where are you...?!"
The most likely explanation I came up with was that everyone in the hospital had been evacuated somewhere.
Normally it would be vital for treating the injured, but if it was targeted by OutCasts, they'd have to abandon it.
I couldn't imagine BURST would allow them to be attacked, so they must have gotten everyone to evacuate somewhere.
...Even so, I don't think I'll be relieved until I see that she's safe with my own eyes.
When I stepped forward to begin checking the rest of the hospital for people, I caught sight of a shadow farther in.
It was someone I recognized.
Haruto: "Fiona-san?!"
Why is she here...? Did she not get out in time...?! I have to help her, then...!
OutCast: "KEEEAAAAH!!"
Haruto: "?!"
My attention was pulled toward the origin of the shrill cry.
The man that had appeared down the hallway was clearly attacking Fiona-san, since a magic circle was forming before him.
I shot a fireball at the man as he lunged. With the impact, there was an explosion and the man's body was slammed against the wall.
I kept my guard up for a moment, but the man showed no signs of getting back up.
Haruto: "Are you alright?!"
I ran over to Fiona-san, who was paralyzed, looking down at the man.
Haruto: "What are you doing here, Fiona-san? Do you know where everyone else went?!"
Fiona: "No, I just got here myself."
Haruto: "I see... Let's head outside, since it's dangerous in here."
There could be more OutCasts lurking inside the hospital. I kept my guard up so that they didn't take us by surprise.
Haruto: "I'm glad you're not hurt, though."
Fiona: "Yes, you saved me."
Fiona: "...Really."
Haruto: "Huh—"
A sense of invasion I'd never felt before pierced through me from my back to my chest.
Haruto: "Wh...at...?"
The object protruding from my chest through my clothes was dripping with a red liquid.
Haruto: "Cough... H-Huh...?"
Something vile rose up my throat—my breakfast, maybe? I don't think I ate any tomatoes this morning, though...
Haruto: "Ah..."
When I finally recovered the senses that had gone numb from shock, I realized the fatal situation my body was in.
Haruto: "Wh-Why...?"
My heart was working as hard as it could. Maybe that's why the blood pumping out of my chest showed no signs of slowing.
Haruto: "Ghaahh?!"
Unbearable pain erupted from my chest all the way up to my shoulder. The blade had split me up to my collarbone.
Losing its support, my body collapsed to the linoleum like a marionette with its strings cut.
I could see Fiona-san's feet, and another pair approaching from a distance.
There was no way I could see who it was when my eyes were barely managing to continue functioning.
???/Yuuji: "You didn't need to go that far!"
???/Fiona: "It's an emergency. We can't just take our time."
???/Fiona: "I'll leave transporting him to you. I still have work to do."
???/Yuuji: "Tch."
After the voice I thought I could recall hearing somewhere before, my consciousness shut down.
====================A017.TXT====================
Passerby: "AAAaaaAAAAaaaaah!!"
Senri: "—You're in the way."
I shoved a woman who was about to be sniped with magic, forcefully removing her from the firing path.
Those running around in a panic without even thinking about escaping are perfect targets. Lying on the ground and hoping they mistake you for a corpse is safer.
And there were heaps of corpses on the ground in front of the station. I didn't need to listen to the news reports to tell that this was a large-scale premeditated attack.
In a wide-open space like this, where the only cover is the trees and lamp posts by the roadside, civilians were being picked off with magic like this was a game.
Moving through the panicking pedestrians, however, would provide cover of sorts.
???/Inui: "Remain calm and come this way. It's alright, you'll all be safe. Don't run, but hurry this way, please."
I couldn't hear the screams of the crowd from one direction. Looks like someone's taken the initiative to direct everyone to safety.
???/Inui: "Don't stop once you're inside, please continue through to the other side of the building. Don't just think about saving yourself; let's all help each other get through."
He wasn't using a megaphone or even shouting.
He spoke in persuasive tones that weren't drowned out among the noise; his voice carried powerfully and reliably above everything else, reassuring people.
???/Inui: "If you really understand what I'm saying, raise your hands and please repeat my message. If you can, guide people to other evacuation routes."
He understands group psychology. He's probably been trained to evacuate people during emergencies. After all, if he hadn't, he wouldn't be able to perform such textbook guidance.
Now that I look closer, I've seen his face at the church. Must be a visitor of theirs. Maybe he's involved in this incident, but I don't have any time to worry about that right now.
As the man led people to safety, the crowds thinned and I couldn't take advantage of them to move stealthily anymore. Now's my only chance to accomplish something.
OutCast C: "[The passage of cruelty!! Move on through, move on through!] Taste retributiooon!!"
Senri: "Hey, murderer."
A hit to the solar plexus. When he bent over to spew out his gastric juices, his mouth opened. I hooked three fingers into his mouth and brought him down to the ground.
Senri: "That's number 4."
OutCast C: "Nnnghhhh?!"
I held his mouth open and stuck my gun into it. I don't have the compassion or the skill of a dentist to play nice with him, so I'm sure a few of his teeth broke.
Senri: "You're the fourth. I killed the first three in the struggle. Since you've stayed alive this long, you get to answer my questions."
OutCast C: "Mmmmmmmmmgh!!"
In truth, I haven't killed anyone.
I scared him with a random lie to get him to shut up for a moment. I needed him to taste the metal of my gun just long enough that he didn't get too excited and didn't regain too much calm either.
Senri: "You ready to answer me?"
OutCast C: "Mgh! Mm, mmh!!"
He nodded and his eyes moved diagonally up. Deciding what that meant, I pulled the gun out of his mouth.
OutCast D: "Heh—Aaaaaaaaah!!"
I turned and shot twice, opening up two holes in the legs of the guy creeping up behind me. Blood and flesh burst from the wounds. I killed the recoil with my left heel and stepped forward with my right foot.
He leaned forward to protect his legs as I thought he would, letting me land a roundhouse kick in his chest as it lowered.
I cracked his breastbone before he could let shock dull the pain. With that, he groaned, his head snapping back.
At this timing, if I go for his throat with the butt of my gun—I stopped myself there.
Senri: "Guess it'd be rude to hit him with a spit-covered gun."
I'm not going to make my own pile of corpses just to get one man to talk.
People don't yield from pain, they yield from fear. It's why other people's injuries {seem} more painful than your own experiences.
Senri: "Hey, sorry for the wait. So? What are you after here?"
I questioned him as if asking, "do you want to meet the same fate?"
OutCast C: "R-Retribution. Retribution for a society that doesn't acknowledge us OutCasts."
Senri: "An uprising of the oppressed? Bit late for that. What I want to know is why now?"
OutCast C: "Like you'd understand if I told you. The government's the one who spread those Rings around! They started this!"
The scale's too big for an uprising instigated only yesterday, though. Someone's definitely behind this.
The fact that BURST hasn't rushed here yet is probably because there are several other attacks occurring simultaneously, occupying their forces elsewhere.
They dress it up as retribution, but it's just terrorism. Their real target is probably the government district. I'm not sure how much this random mook's gonna know if I ask him, but...
Senri: "Who's behind this? Where's your leader?"
OutCast C: "I said, you wouldn't understand if I told you!"
My questions were cut short by the arrival of a police vehicle. Thanks to that man leading the evacuation, the only people left at the scene were those who'd died failing to escape.
BURST Member C: "Cease your futile resistance! We've got you surrounded!"
Out of the frying pan, into the fire.
The BURST squad surrounding the station in every direction didn't intend to let even a single rat slip through their formation.
BURST Member D: "You there! Stop!"
Judging me to be suspicious for remaining on the scene, they called out a warning with their guards up.
It's not the sort of situation where I'll be able to persuade them to let me go, and if they look into my background, they'll treat me the same as any other OutCast.
Assuming me to be part of a little gathering of the perpetrators, they fired a tear-gas bomb at us.
It was a small mercy they weren't firing horizontally, but I probably couldn't predict the trajectory of the bomb either way.
I stuck my arm out and created a wall of wind. The bomb's trajectory changed and it flew past me.
BURST Member D: "It's not working on him?! Change equipment!"
BURST Member D: "What?!"
I created an iceberg out of all the ice and snow that had been shot onto the road, which rose up under one of the armored cars BURST is so proud of—it toppled and, well, burst.
After going belly-up and spewing fireworks, the car became a sort of barricade for the OutCast side.
I didn't intend to back them up, but in trying to create an opportunity to escape, I guess that's what I did.
The OutCasts displayed a will to fight to the end and used every bit of their magic aptitude to do so.
Having just cause now that they'd ignored their warnings, BURST began to suppress them in earnest.
BURST Member D: "Be cautious. There's a particularly skilled OutCast among them."
It was as though the conflict had escalated into a war zone. I stepped away from the heat of the clash, putting the overturned car to my back. I felt the exchange of magic and bullets acutely through my skin.
There weren't too many combatants, but it would be dangerous if either of them fired on me. And in these close quarters between professional combatants—I had to worry about stray bullets as well.
I can't hope to acquire any new information by staying here any longer. I should find an opportunity to slip away and figure out what's going on all across town.
I felt the tremors of the battle. Things had heated to a boiling point, and there were already serious numbers of casualties.
I couldn't call this a safe zone anymore. But leaping out into a magical free-for-all was complete suicide.
Senri: "........."
Senri: "...............?"
The gunfire stopped all at once like someone had pressed a pause button.
It happened suddenly and with no lingering echoes, as if sound had just been plucked from the world.
It was a very strange feeling. Like time had stopped, or like I alone had wandered into a separate world—
No. It wasn't just my senses.
It really happened.
That's right. {Something that couldn't possibly happen}—happened.
The conflict ended when both sides were wiped out at once.
But it wasn't either side that had brought about that end.
Two armored cars had rammed into each other and were spewing black smoke. A single blow had turned everything to dust as if it was a judgment from God Himself.
The mountains of corpses were now joined by {lakes}—it wasn't a metaphor, there were literal lakes of liquefied corpses that had once been wearing Rings.
If anyone was left alive, they were unconscious in critical condition—and in the middle of this tragedy, there was a single figure left standing alone.
Hood/Ruu: "........."
The one left alive in this hellish graveyard was the one who had created it.
A cold-blooded beast who coolly viewed people as nothing more than insects.
That monster looked my way, as if seeking out its next victim.
Senri: "Go ahead and laugh if I've got the wrong idea."
Senri: "You didn't do this to help me make my escape, did you?"
Hood/Ruu: "........."
Senri: "I always imagined you looking rather smug as you fled your previous crimes, and yet today you remain here."
Senri: "Finally decided I'm in your way and you have to deal with me directly? That means if I reach out, I could grasp the truth at any moment, doesn't it?"
Senri: "Either that or... it's the worst possible hypothesis, but—this is just entertainment for you."
Senri: "I'm not actually close to discovering anything, {you people} have achieved your goals already, and you're only here for fun."
Under that low hood, it was smiling. I didn't need to see it to tell. It was smiling.
Senri: "Why don't you show me your face already? That's what you came here for, isn't it?"
The Hood put a hand on its eponymous garment and swiftly flung it off.
It had lost its defining characteristic, but I didn't hesitate over what to call it.
I knew the name of the face that had been revealed to me.
Ruu: "...You're telling me I should strip, right? I'm relieved you're still the same pervert."
Ruu: "Ru...? I'm not gonna go any further! It's just my skin underneath this. It would be too unfair for just Ruu to strip."
Senri: "So it was you."
Ruu: "Heheheh♪ It's wonderful how you're not surprised, Senri♪"
Senri: "I knew you were a woman. I would've been surprised if you had been an extraterrestrial or something."
Ruu: "That's right, Ruu is a genuine human being, a member of Homo sapiens. If you wanna get specific, I guess you could call her a real maneater, the kind that should be chained up, you know?"
Ruu: "Ruu is a walking nightmare. One of God's mistakes. She's pure madness, the most dangerous kind of heretic—and she's aware of all that."
Ruu: "It would be weirder if she weren't, don't you think? Ruu is seeped deep in self-awareness. You understand what I mean, don't you, Senri?"
Ruu: "After all, you're so similar to Ruu♪ I can tell by how you smell♪"
Senri: "I'm not sure I like being compared to a monster."
Ruu: "Oh, I'm not that bad! I couldn't even get away on my own when two people lured me into an alley, could I?"
Senri: "It was {you} doing the luring though, wasn't it?"
Senri: "You spread around those Rings with those secondary functions OutCasts would jump at in order to collect data for your plan."
Ruu: "Plan? I don't know what you're talking about."
Senri: "I've determined that a group called the Fraternity is carrying out a large-scale experiment. Maybe the blackouts were trial runs or something."
Senri: "You're either a part of it, or are just using it for your own gain."
Ruu: "You've seen through it all, haven't you?! But it's true that they were the ones doing the luring. I just wanted to find something out, you see."
Ruu: "I wanted to know how it felt to be humiliated and discarded like a used rag by people who have no hopes or dreams at all♪"
Senri: "Can't say I understand that."
Ruu: "Really? Ruu understands you, Senri. How you handle that gun, how you move like you've got military training."
Ruu: "The crash of the Triumph A2X seven years ago..."
Ruu: "After the Fall of Icarus, the CTRP was founded to handle the rising number of terror attacks by those whose anti-magic sentiments were amplified by the accident—"
I cut her off with a gesture and Ruu obediently fell silent.
Senri: "They're recon, sabotage, and escort specialists as well. You don't need to tell me."
Ruu: "Heheheh♪ Then were you aware that one of them went missing during a certain subjugation mission?"
Senri: "Who knows... Maybe he's got some reason to lay low in the entertainment district."
Ruu: "It seems he can't go back to that room he was laying low in after the incident yesterday, though, doesn't it?"
Senri: "...Are you with the government?"
Ruu: "Ruu is part of an elite few, but we're lone wolves who don't belong to any organization. Looking up that sort of information on someone is child's play, though."
Ruu: "For instance... when that operative disappeared, after the {experiments} the government was carrying out on him, don't you think his overseer would get in a lot of trouble? He'd have to resign, wouldn't he?"
Ruu: "A bureaucrat like him being forced into menial labor... that'd drive him mad, don't you think? His pride would be shattered, his future taken from him!"
Ruu: "And on the brink of insanity, what if the poor man deluded himself into thinking, 'if I brought {him} back, I'd return to my old standing!'... Aha♪"
Ruu: "You haven't felt like you were being watched lately, maybe noticed someone searching your room, have you? Hasty cowards like that are just the worst, aren't they?"
Now I was sure who had been ringing my doorbell. I must have stopped sensing those stares on the day when Ruu ended him.
Senri: "So you tortured him a little and got him to tell you what he knew."
Ruu: "I delivered divine punishment while I was at it, too."
Senri: "And?"
Ruu: "You know how both cucumbers and pencil lead are so thin that they snap in an instant?"
Ruu: "People are juuuuust like that, too! Their minds and bodies are so, so fragile. They're just no good as toys, you know..."
Senri: "I think we're finished figuring out what kind of people we are, Ruu. That's enough of this lengthy prologue, isn't it?"
Senri: "I'm not interested in how thoroughly you've investigated my past or your 'look, I'm this messed up' pitch either."
Ruu: "...What, you're mad at Ruu for all her hard work cleaning up this trash?"
Senri: "Mad?"
I looked around. The hellscape hadn't changed.
Over thirty people had lost their lives to this woman's scheme.
It was probably either a diversion from what they were really after, or there was some secondary benefit they gained from BURST's attempt to suppress this riot.
It was hard to imagine a fellow human being was behind all this.
Ruu was aware of that and still did it.
That's why she asked me if I was feeling angry at all.
Senri: "No."
Everything before me was the unshakable truth.
Getting angry over things that are over and done with is no help to anyone.
People can't come back to life. That's an eternal, unshakable truth.
The people who have lost their lives will never smile again.
Senri: "I just can't say you've left an impression on me."
My interest lies solely in their ringleader.
I'm after the full story, and who was behind it.
Whether it's a second ago or a year ago, the past is the past. I'm not interested in history.
It's left no impression on me.
Ruu: "You're special, Senri. Even if you're a frigid little pervert, it won't change the fact that you've helped Ruu out so many times before."
Ruu: "I put a lot of thought into it, but I think this is the only Christmas present I could give you that you'd really enjoy..."
Senri: "So hand it over already."
Senri: "When I've accepted it, as thanks—I'll rob you of everything you have."
Ruu: "Eheheh... I'm looking forward to that♪ Here you go, then."
It didn't take long for me to recognize the ominous chopping noises as wings in flight.
Ruu: "Oh, it's a little big, though..."
The black silhouette appearing from the sky hid by the nearby buildings—it was the king of the battlefield, that had maintained its prominence in war even after the introduction of magic technology.
Ruu: "I do hope you like it..."
Equipped with the durability, agility, and destructive force to survive harsh military environments, this ground attack specialist descended upon me.
====================A018.TXT====================
The image faintly projected before me caused me to remember my existence.
It was like a thick layer of mud had settled somewhere deep in my head—the hand I had pressed to my temple felt like it belonged to someone else.
Haruto: "Where... am I...?"
The boundary between dreams and reality had grown precarious, and I couldn't process the information reaching my eyes very well.
I had to order each part of my body to move in order to control it, but I finally sat up somehow and placed my own feet on the cold floor.
It seems I'd been lying on a bed. Though there wasn't a shred of warmth to it, so it'd be more accurate to call it something like a stretcher a sick person might be carried on.
The room's lights were awfully dim, and instead an astounding number of machines provided the illumination in that space.
I was drawn towards "them" by that illumination.
Like a moth drawn to a streetlight—
Haruto: "Huh...?"
I was staring back at myself.
And I couldn't take my eyes off of myself, either.
It was a reflection in a mirror—the last remaining line of defense inside my mind twisted the image to convince me of that fact.
But not only could I not avert my eyes from the truth, my tactless nature wouldn't allow me to lie to myself—
I didn't have the capacity to accept it, but I'd reached out to a truth that could destroy me.
Haruto: "Hahaha, what is this..."
Even I didn't know what was funny about it. My laughter was too stiff to really serve as an indication of my composure.
So, I gave up on laughing. My heart wasn't strong enough to allow me to continue.
I quietly touched my chest, seeking the "proof" that should be there. I wouldn't have to break if I could find it.
But the truth is cruel. It has nothing to do with how people feel. It merely lays out the facts as they are.
The stab wound that proved I was me was nowhere to be found.
Haruto: "What the hell is going on?!!"
My sense of unease reached its peak and turned to anger. I felt a burning rage welling up from deep within me.
Then a voice came from behind me, icy cold, in contrast to my own feelings.
???/Riku: "If you'd like to know, I could tell you."
Haruto: "?!"
A figure emerged from the darkness of the room—the lights illuminated her face, as emotionless as it always was.
Haruto: "R-Riku-chan...?!"
Riku: "Hello. Are you... I suppose you wouldn't be feeling well at all, would you?"
Haruto: "Where are we?! What's in these capsules?!"
Riku: "Please remain calm. I understand how hard that is under the circumstances, but we won't get anywhere if you keep asking questions."
Haruto: "......"
Riku: "Everything you saw today was just a dream. If you're capable of telling yourself that and going on living life as normal, you might be happier in doing so."
Riku: "You'll need to steel yourself to learn the truth. You especially."
Haruto: "...I can't think of this as just a dream. What on earth am I? Tell me...!"
Riku-chan closed her eyes for a moment in silence, but soon enough, she began speaking again.
Riku: "Unfortunately, you're not a normal human being."
Riku: "As you can imagine from those containers, you're an artificially created clone."
Riku: "Did you not think it was strange? You died that day you were hit by a car."
Riku: "You were dead for certain, yet the next day you came to school at the Academy like nothing had happened."
Riku: "Why was that? Because your consciousness had been moved from your damaged body into a new one. Just like replacing the tire on a car."
Riku: "I finally solved that mystery just a little while ago, after threatening a researcher here. Boy do I feel better."
Haruto: "Th-There's no way they can..."
Riku: "They {can} do something like that, because that's why you were made."
Riku: "Your existence and the Rings I collected, they were both just cogs in the government's plan."
"The Rings I collected"—Then Riku-chan really was the Collector...?
Haruto: "...The government's plan...?"
Riku: "The details aren't clear to me yet. All I know is that the two aren't unrelated."
Riku: "And that a portion of Atori is supporting this plan."
A government plan, the Collector's Ring-gathering, clones. My thoughts couldn't catch up to the truths coming to light one after the other.
My confused thoughts were hindered even more when I heard the door suddenly open.
Akeno: "Pretty good for a kid just playin' detective."
Riku: "Akeno-san...? What are you doing here?"
A confident, relaxed smile—something impossible for me to comprehend at that moment appeared.
Akeno: "Oh, I'm just here to give a reward to a kid who did such a good job on her homework."
Riku: "......"
There seemed to be an invisible wall between them, holding them apart.
Akeno: "I'll tell you everythin' you don't already know. Your time's up, after all."
Akeno-san glanced at the watch on her arm.
Akeno: "Well, where should I begin?"
Riku: "Please explain this plan of the government's."
Akeno: "Well, coulda seen that coming. Sure, I'll explain. Not like you'll be able to do anythin' about it anyway."
Akeno: "Few years ago, a government research lab presented a report on Elements."
Akeno: "This report said that in a few years, the world's Elements would dry up and magic would cease to exist."
Akeno: "The government panicked. Magic had already become a permanent part of our lives, after all! If we couldn't use it anymore, there'd be disaster."
Akeno: "So the government put a plan into motion and began researchin' ways to artificially create Elements."
Riku: "Artificially create Elements...?"
Akeno: "They'd suck them up out of people's bodies. They couldn't do that with any normal person, though."
Akeno: "There was only one guy it worked on."
Akeno: "'Course, this one guy couldn't produce enough Elements to keep society goin'. So what do they do next?"
Akeno: "The answer's simple—just make more of 'im, like pigs for pork."
Akeno: "The government started clonin' the guy. But things didn't go according to plan."
Akeno: "The clones didn't have the aptitude of the original. They kept gettin' the same results, no matter how many clones they made."
Akeno: "But they couldn't accept that. Their research began to focus on unlockin' the latent abilities of the clones."
Akeno: "So, they set up the same environment for the clone that the original had, observin' its progress, while at the same time also explorin' other avenues."
Akeno: "And that's where your Ring-collecting finally comes in."
Riku: "You don't have to make such a show of every line; just move on, please."
Akeno: "What, are you frustrated now that you know you were just bein' used by us grownups?"
Riku: "I just want to know the truth, so I can make an informed choice about what to do next."
Akeno: "Right, 'course. That's the kinda kid you are. For better or worse, you look at the big picture before you act."
Akeno: "Well, so be it. Lemme start at the end with the Rings. They're defective."
Riku: "Defective?"
Akeno: "They've got a bug where they can cause an overdose of Elements in the wearer's body. Doesn't happen all that often, though."
Riku: "And what happens when that occurs?"
Akeno: "I think you've got a pretty good idea. You were the one taking those guys down and collectin' their Rings, after all."
Akeno: "When a Ring goes outta control from that bug, it loses its transmittin' capabilities, but it retains the data from its little malfunction."
Akeno: "Originally, the government ignored this bug like it had nothin' to do with it, but when they figured out that that data might come in handy for developin' those clones, they started secretly collectin' 'em."
Akeno: "Well, the ones you dealt with were the lucky ones, 'course."
Riku: "And why is Atori involved in that?"
Akeno: "Well 'cause Atori and the government are in cahoots, a' course. They'll both be in trouble if magic disappears from the world."
Akeno: "Whoops, it's almost time."
Riku: "Time for what?"
Akeno: "To catch an angel."
Riku: "Angel...?"
Akeno: "The second-most annoyin' type of people in this world are philosophers with no power."
Akeno: "After all, no matter what noble ideals they spout, it's just make-believe if they don't have the power to achieve 'em."
Riku: "What's the first, then?"
Akeno: "Philosophers {with} power, duh. Like the president of a great nation, the more power they have to achieve things, the more they mess everythin' up by gettin' everyone wrapped up in shit."
Akeno: "The guys below us are the same, basically."
Akeno: "Well, I should be gettin' outta here. What about you two?"
Riku: "I can't stay the same person I was when I didn't know."
Akeno: "Thought so. Well, do as you like! Long as you don't get in my way, I won't get in yours!"
Riku: "What is your goal, Akeno-san? What is it you're trying to do?"
Akeno: "I don't think I'll say. If you wanna know, figure it out on your own. You're makin' a big mistake if you think adults are gonna just tell you everythin'."
Haruto: "...That's right, I have to leave..."
Riku: "W-Wait, where are you going...?"
Haruto: "Huh? What do you mean? I was looking for Hina. She might be in danger. I have to save her..."
My mind had already stopped functioning, and it was hard to think of the words coming from my mouth as my own.
I felt detached, like I'd become a spirit and left my body, hovering above and watching what went on below—
My crumbling heart was crying out—that it wanted to see her, see Hina.
Akeno: "You still don't get it? You're a clone, kiddo! You can't have parents or siblings."
Akeno: "Those people you thought were your family are just strangers who were put there for the plan. They were monitorin' you 24/7."
Akeno: "You had monitors at home and at the Academy. You've been deceived. Nothin' was real about your life."
Haruto: "I have to find Hina—"
Akeno: "Did you think you could indulge in love or youth or somethin' in a blessed little environment, all free of wants?"
Akeno: "Unfortunately, this ain't no school romcom. This is a dog-eat-dog story, about those who use and those who are used."
I couldn't hear anything. Even if it reached my ears, my brain rejected it. I just moved toward the door, unsteady on my feet.
Akeno: "...Not surprisin' you'd lose it, I guess. But reality's not gonna be nice and wait for you."
Akeno: "Life's like a marathon. It won't help those who stop runnin'. Those who stop drop out, and those who keep movin' survive."
Akeno: "If you don't wanna be left behind, go take a peek in the room 'cross the hall. Your precious little sister's waiting for you in there."
Haruto: "R-Really...?!"
Akeno: "Yep, the truth's in there. Though it's just somebody's mistake, born from hubris."
I raced from the room like I was drowning on land, throwing open the door on the other side of the hallway.
Haruto: "Hina...! Where are you...?! Answer me...!!"
I wandered through the unlit room.
Everything I believed in, the foundation supporting me, was about to crumble. Once you fall to the bottom of a cliff, there's no climbing back up.
But I can hold my ground if I see Hina's smile. I can start over. We can all laugh together again, the three of us.
That's all it will take to bring me back. I can just set aside the complicated stuff for now. If what's important to me still remains, that's all I need—
I tried to tell myself that, tried to cling to that last hope, as I searched for Hina.
My toe hit something as I stumbled through the darkness. When I squinted at it, I found it was a lamp.
I reached out to the switch, and hit it—with all my hopes up—to illuminate the room, illuminate Hina, and illuminate my future.
Haruto: "—"
A "thing" with a human form was on display there, connected to countless cables.
it looked something like hina and i tried to say the name of my beloved sister
Haruto: "Ah..."
a name i had called so many times before the name of my beloved sister but my brain did not output the correct order
i could not make a sound
becauseihadbroken
Haruto: "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"
thusclosedthecurtainsonmystory
====================A019.TXT====================
It's a bit too much of a present for an empty-handed human being with no anti-air system.
I'm sure she doesn't accept returns, though.
It flaunted its outstanding hovering ability, then rapidly closed the distance.
It flew over my head, mercilessly firing its built-in chain gun my way.
Ruu: "Oh, Senriii! If you don't dodge like your life depends on it, I'll be lining you up in my meat display! Or are your poor little legs frozen stiff?"
Senri: (Autopilot... It's either flying itself or Ruu's controlling it by remote.)
From the fact that it easily shredded up the concrete like it was cheap lumber, I could tell that its strength was no lie.
If one of those bullets so much as grazed me, it'd open up a hole the size of my fist and send me flying ten meters from the impact. It's firing with perfect accuracy, too.
But I hadn't been hit yet. There was no need for me to dodge.
Ruu: "Time for Round 2!"
The craft was highly maneuverable. It rotated rapidly, the buzz of its wings rapidly closing in once more.
Ruu: "Kaboom!"
Her shout was terribly mismatched with the barrage of fire from its rocket pods.
It was a single craft, but it clearly displayed its prowess, blowing the stairs up to the station to shreds.
My coat flapped wildly around me, my hair standing on end. It was the same for Ruu, her small frame also exposed to the blasts and roars.
She didn't budge amid the chaos, but smiled instead. The girl tested me, the expression on her face like she was observing an insect.
Senri: "........."
My eyes met hers.
I sensed a frigid atrocity hiding deep within her.
And it seemed she sensed something from me as well.
Senri: "I told you to hand it over already, didn't I?"
Ruu: "Did you?"
Senri: "This show-off machine cannon, this theatrical barrage. This thing's got pinpoint accuracy. If you wanted to hit me, you would."
Ruu: "Heheh♪ I should have known. You're right, I was just showing off. You gotta build the excitement when you're unwrapping a present, you know?"
Ruu was testing me. In this situation. She was full of anticipation, testing to see if I was the {same} as her, someone who had surpassed the bounds of humanity.
Senri: "Unfortunately I don't feel any of that excitement."
Senri: "I'm not some masturbatory tool for you."
Ruu: "My!"
Senri: "You promised me a present, and I didn't reject it. At that point, we'd formed a contract."
Senri: "Let me open it already, why don't you. The most vulgar present in the world."
Ruu: "Ru, rururaha♪"
Ruu turned her murderous smile my way, one that would probably give an ordinary person chills. As if obeying her will, the helicopter stirred up a cloud of dust and rapidly ascended—its form blended with the darkening buildings at its back.
It was a sign that she was done with her teasing.
Ruu: "What magic will you use to get through this? And even if you do, and you shoot it down, what then? Will you survive the explosion? Are human bodies that sturdy?"
Ruu: "One should be enough, but I'll fire {all} the rockets! Even if you block them, with all the metal flying about, you should end up full of holes anyway!"
All the rockets were launched at me, and the helicopter chased after them, accelerating toward the ground like it was a bullet itself.
It nosedived—like it had no intention to remain in the air, the ultimate in kamikaze presents.
Ruu: "Now—it's time for Ruu's joy and Senri's despair to coooome together♪"
Senri: "There's already plenty of despair here."
I spread my hand and scooped up all the air I could. I felt despair in the wrinkles of my skin, underneath my fingernails.
Senri: "In all their resistance... magic was a ray of hope to the oppressed, and I can see exactly how much they clung to it."
Senri: "It shines toward the heavens like a rainbow, perfectly visible to me."
An uncountable number of rockets rained down on me.
Wings spun like a maddened chainsaw.
A murderous ten tons of metal plotted to crush me to death.
It would probably squash me flat in under a second, erasing me utterly without even giving me time to feel pain.
Ruu: "Sometimes you just can't win, Senri!!"
Senri: "—You sure?"
In her joy, she was so absolutely sure of my demise, and so I held my hand to the sky as if in prayer and compressed one fragmented despair in my fist.
I released the midnight I'd compressed to take down this threat—as if releasing the floodgates on a dam.
......{In other words}, the resistance to destroy anything and everything merely informed us of its work.
Ruu: "........."
As a result, in less time than it took to blink, only the lingering scent of taboo retained its sense of reality.
Ruu: ".........Huh?"
The runaway helicopter, firing missiles so destructive the sounds of them almost deafened the ear, had vanished without leaving a scrap of wreckage.
Senri: ".........Well, I tried to accept it, but... should I say I expected this...?"
I wiped off the remaining sensation of the destruction in my palm and turned to face her again amid the lingering heat wave.
Senri: "It didn't leave any impression on me."
Ruu: "A natural disaster..."
Ruu muttered like she was in a dream; she seemed to be thinking back over what had just happened.
Ruu: "Beginning with a gale, then trembling earth, a blizzard, thunder, flames, destroying every fragment... You dealt with it without moving a single step—"
Ruu: "Is that... what happened?"
{If that's what it looked like to her}, then she must have had an unexpectedly realistic way of looking at things.
Senri: "...If it was, would that be important?"
But the particulars of what had occurred would be nothing more than the process involved.
I don't think there's any meaning in that.
Now that it's all said and done, Ruu's predictions were wrong, and I'm still breathing.
{That's what's important.}
Ruu: "Then what, you're using every kind of magic that's been observed until now all at once with no time lag, cramming them all together...?"
That's good enough. I decided to go along with that and gave her a noncommittal nod.
Senri: "I just happened to be good at the same magic as everyone who was here. What an unfortunate coincidence."
Ruu: "You're just going to keep telling those inscrutable lies, aren't you..."
Ruu: "Your talent must be the envy of everyone. To you, Casters are nothing but vermin."
Senri: "It just happened to be a good situation for me."
Senri: "...Of course, if I'd been interested in it, maybe it would have turned out differently."
Ruu: "Interest, an impression... What are you talking about? How could things change depending on your interest?"
Senri: "Why couldn't they?"
Senri: "You wanted to kill me, didn't you? But—"
Senri: "{I had no interest in being killed by you.}"
Curiosity killed the cat, but the opposite can be true as well. If there were a path that would open to me by being killed, I would have given it some thought.
Ruu: "...Ruu made no mistake. You've given up on being human. Or were you never human in the first place?"
Ruu: "You're an exception in an exception, maybe 1 in 8,000,000,000. The same as Ruu—a beast beyond the norm, who's escaped from your human cage."
Senri: "I put up with your selfishness. Now, in return, you're going to accept my present with everything you've got, won't you?"
Ruu: "You've used that much magic and you're still not out? You wouldn't even give a weapon from the old world a second look, huh?"
Tearing at her hair, Ruu expressed both an earnest evil and an earnest brilliance in that neverending smile of hers.
There's no question that Ruu is involved in this. I'll take her down and force her to tell me everything. No matter what it takes.
Ruu: "Oh no, I lost track of time and had too much fun."
Ruu: "I'm so sorry, but our little game is over. Ruu promised to celebrate the rebirth of this impure world from the front row seats."
Senri: "You think I'll let you... What's that...?"
I was distracted by faint vibrations I could feel over my whole body—a sensation like static electricity was popping everywhere.
Ruu: "So close."
I'd let my guard down due to this sudden phenomenon, but the fact that I didn't notice Ruu silently gaining distance from me couldn't be attributed to that alone.
Ruu: "You could have been at Ruu's side too, but you made some choices at junctions that put you somewhere else."
Ruu: "You had the right idea. The conflicts Ruu caused were just collateral possibilities, a sideshow of sorts. Our true purpose is that experiment you were after."
Ruu: "Please watch as we make this great step forward."
Senri: "......"
There was no lie in the ecstasy on her face.
Ruu was not acting alone.
Their plan will succeed.
Even if I stopped Ruu, the situation wouldn't change.
Ruu: "I don't think we'll meet again, but if we do get the chance—let's continue this unending dream."
All the lights in the city went out at once, and as darkness enveloped me, I lost sight of Ruu.
Senri: "A great step forward... The Fraternity..."
I suddenly felt a chill. Before I knew it, I was glaring at the Symbol Tower in the distance of the unchanging scenery around me, as if my eyes were being drawn towards it.
My eyes focused on it like my body had been taken over.
Senri: "......There, huh..."
I stared at the puzzle ring I'd put together just before my time was up.
Senri: "......Well... At least I had the right idea..."
I could only look up at it with a sigh after I'd had someone else guide me to its completion.
I'd witnessed Haruto being carried away from the hospital just earlier—
Asahi: "Haruto, where are you?"
It was all well and good that I'd snuck into this building after confirming that he'd been driven here, but...
It's a very large building, and I have to be careful that no one finds me.
...Of course, I've barely noticed anyone here. That's how I got in, really, but it was just a very eerie place.
Asahi: "Please be safe..."
When he was being carried out of the hospital, Haruto was limp and bleeding; it looked like he was injured.
Normally they'd have to take him to another hospital to treat him, but the place we'd arrived at was Symbol Tower, in the very center of the island.
Why was he brought here? And those two who had been with him at the hospital—
Asahi: "...I hear something."
There was some sound echoing from the open area at the end of the hallway.
I gazed in from the entrance with my breath bated, trying not to be noticed.
A bizarre sight greeted my eyes.
A great number of people wearing something like robes were surrounding a large machine.
The sound I was hearing was a song they were weaving. They were all singing with intense concentration, as if calling out to something.
Asahi: "What are they doing...?"
The singers' eyes pointed upward, and I found my eyes drawn to the same spot.
Asahi: "That's—"
The noise the machine in the middle was making grew louder.
And as if responding to it, the light that appeared in the air above it grew brighter—
I was one move too slow.
Depending on what I'd done, there was a possibility I could have prevented it.
But I don't regret not being able to.
Ruu had said—"continue this unending dream."
Continue.
There would be a continuation.
I would continue too, then, I imagined.
I would repeat this however many times it took.
Senri: "How stubborn I am."
I left myself to the bizarre sensation that morning and night had both come at once and listened to the screams of the world, spreading out like ripples.
—A miracle filled the sky—
====================B001.TXT====================
Yuuji: "You dumbass! How many times am I gonna have to tell you before you understand?"
It's a natural thing for a father to scold his son, and there are times when it could even be interpreted as an expression of love.
That's why Dad reprimanded me in harsh though quieting tones, even amidst all the sirens and watching eyes.
Haruto: "I'm sorry, Dad. I'll apologize for my use of magic."
Yuuji: "You could look a little more sincere. If you're gonna apologize, at least try to look the part."
Both innocent children and proud politicians need to apologize honestly for doing wrong.
That said, I didn't particularly like the idea of being criticized for my judgment. Sure, it was wrong to break the rules, but at the time I had been the only one around to make sure they were being followed.
Haruto: "While it's against the rules to use magic outside of the Academy, the culprit left me no choice."
It's reckless to go up against a person with a gun empty-handed, and that goes double for an OutCast without a Ring.
Depending on how you use it, magic can be far more dangerous than a gun, and that's why mages like us dutifully wear the Rings administered to us by the government.
Yuuji: "I know, students aren't penalized for use of magic in an emergency. Still, that's no excuse to poke your nose into this crap every time, is it?"
It wasn't the first time we'd had an exchange like this, which is why Dad sighed in the same resigned way as he had last time.
Haruto: "People were in danger because of that OutCast."
Haruto: "Nobody else was around, so I was the only one who could have done something about him."
Of course I don't want to go out of the way to put myself in danger, but I can't just turn a blind eye to something happening right in front of me.
Yuuji: "That stuff's our job. It's a student's job to study, and come to think of it, you screwed up in class the other day and opened a hole in the wall around the Academy, didn't you?"
Haruto: "Ugh..."
Yuuji: "And I don't believe I've been briefed on your last test."
Haruto: "Huh...? Well, uhh, I... I did fine. Yeah, fine."
Yuuji: "You won't fool a detective if you can't even look him in the eye."
Suddenly the tables are turned. It's all because I tried cramming before the test by pulling an all-nighter, but was thoroughly defeated by sleepiness instead.
How truly terrifying is this enemy of mine, the Sandman...
It was my responsibility to stand up for myself after losing that battle, but even I could tell how obviously I was avoiding meeting Dad's gaze.
As I uselessly racked my brain for reinforcements, help came from an unexpected outside source.
Yumi: "Now, now, Yuuji-san, lay off him for a bit."
Yuuji: "Kohiruimaki? You done with the suspect?"
Yumi: "Yep, he just left in the van."
Yuuji: "Got it. Put out the order for BURST to stand down, then. I'm gonna talk with the people in charge of the scene."
Dad put out his cigarette in a portable ashtray.
Yuuji: "We're gonna have a chat down at the station, Haruto. Stay here for a minute."
Haruto: "Sure thing. I'll call Hina and tell her we'll be home late. Oh, we can go home together, right?"
Yuuji: "Who knows. That'll depend on you."
Haruto: "That'll be no problem, then. I'm used to police questioning."
Yuuji: "Dumbass."
Dad turned around and approached an officer who was talking on a car radio.
If it's anything like last time, we'll be leaving here in about five minutes.
Yumi: "Haruto-kun, I know what I said to your father, but you really shouldn't do things like this. I tell you all the time, don't I?"
Haruto: "I'm sorry for all the trouble, Yumi-sensei. I really do regret having to disobey instructions."
Yumi: "I can't remember how many times I've heard you say that. I can't cover for you forever, you know!"
Yumi: "Haahh, maybe I'll make a mental note to dock you some marks."
Haruto: "I-I don't see how that follows! Abusing your authority like that isn't playing fair!"
Not only a colleague of my dad's at BURST (the Bureau for Unregistered magic Regulation and Suppressive Tactics, a kind of national police force) Yumi-sensei is also a powerful Caster who teaches at the Academy.
I'm indebted to her both publicly and privately, so she really has my respect.
Yumi: "You're an excellent student, so you should be able to hold your own against an average opponent."
Yumi: "When up against a criminal, however, you have no idea what he'll do when cornered."
Reflection: "Always prepare an escape route. People can display unexpected strength when their retreat is cut off."
Come to think of it, that passerby had said the same sort of thing.
I was a bit busy at the time, so I hadn't paid him much attention, but it wasn't really the sort of thing you'd say to a complete stranger, was it?
Well, no matter how much I ponder it, with my brain the only conclusion I'm gonna be able to reach is: "he was kind of a strange guy, wasn't he?"
Yumi: "Haruto-kun, are you listening to me?!"
Haruto: "I am, I am! I won't forget your advice, Sensei!"
Yumi: "Geez... The next time you cause trouble, I'm gonna have your dad give you an earful about it, okay?"
Haruto: "Understood."
Yumi: "Also, you're getting extra homework. I'm gonna do everything I can to make your life hell, so get ready, okay?"
Haruto: "...Understood."
As I watched Yumi-sensei walk over to where my dad was, I thought about how I'd probably still do the same thing if I found myself in this situation again.
???/Asahi: "Hey, you there!"
The voice was loud enough to reach my ears even considering the noise around us.
When I turned around, I saw an unfamiliar girl sending an ardent look my way. Glaring, to tell it like it was.
Haruto: "Err, me?"
I searched my memories, but still couldn't recall her face.
I looked around in a hurry, thinking I might have made an embarrassing mistake, but there was no one else in her line of sight.
???/Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "H-Huh? You wouldn't happen to be angry at me, would you...?"
I continued my search as I spoke to her, determined to find her in my memories somewhere.
Since she's wearing the Academy uniform, I'm at least relatively certain she goes to school there with me...
But no matter how far back I thought, I just couldn't place her.
I was pretty sure she was upset about something, but she still hadn't followed up after her first sentence so I had no way of knowing what it was.
Haruto: "...What should I do?"
While I was at a loss, the girl had taken something out of a small pouch on her waist.
It was a notebook—she thrust it out in front of me so that I could see it. The clasp that was supposed to hold it shut was torn open.
Haruto: "Uhh, it looks a little dirty and the clasp is coming off..."
???/Asahi: "...?!"
I couldn't say anything tactful, and instead merely stated the situation as I saw it.
When I did, the girl opened her mouth (which had been shut tight), sucked in a breath, and said:
???/Asahi: "I hope you meet with divine punishment!"
Divine punishment—punishment by an existence transcending mankind, meted out for some sin committed. In other words, the wrath of God.
I went over the phrase in my mind with no idea what she'd meant by the words, and by the time I realized it, she'd already left.
Haruto: "......"
Haruto: "Did I do something to her...?"
Should I go after her and try to figure out what she meant...?
My dad called out from behind me while I was asking myself that.
Yuuji: "Haruto, we're ready. Let's go... Huh? Something wrong?"
Haruto: "...I might meet with divine punishment, Dad. If that happens, I'm leaving Hina to you, okay?"
Yuuji: "Huh? What's this all about? Hurry up and get in the car."
I couldn't get that girl out of my head, even while following my dad's instructions.
If God does punish me, I'm sure I'll deserve it.
Since He'd be the one to decide that, I doubt He'd be wrong.
Haruto: "We're back#"
We returned home after my questioning.
Shortly after I sent that greeting into the living room, I heard the patter of light footsteps heading our way.
Hina: "It's Onii-chan and Daddy! Welcome home#"
Yuuji: "Hey, sorry, but could you hang this up for me?"
Dad handed his jacket to Hina and loosened his tie, heading into the living room.
Hina: "You got in trouble with Daddy again, Onii-chan#? You can't do dangerous stuff, you know#!"
Haruto: "I'm sorry, Hina! I was planning on coming home early and helping you with dinner, too..."
Hina: "It's okay, it's okay# You can leave everything at home to me# It'll be ready soon, so go wash your hands, okay?"
Haruto: "Gotcha. I'll make it up to you sometime, alright?"
Hina: "Eheheh# You don't need to worry about it."
TV: "An incident of unlawful magic use was perpetrated by an OutCast today in front of Agartha Central Station."
TV: "While the surrounding buildings experienced minor damage, the incident fortunately left no casualties."
TV: "In light of this, we may see increased activity from anti-magic protestors..."
Turning on the TV after dinner, we found the news reporting on today's incident.
Haruto: "So what was the culprit's motive anyway?"
Yuuji: "You think I can blab about stuff under investigation to a civilian? It's nothing for you to worry about."
Haruto: "I guess so, but..."
Yuuji: "If you've got time to worry about that, come help me with my digestion."
I wasn't prepared at all, so the best I could do was to clutch the item thrown at me to my chest.
The distinct scent of leather tickled my nose. Some people aren't fond of this scent, but I don't mind it at all.
Haruto: "Alright, bring it on."
I stuck the baseball glove on my left hand, punched it once, then followed Dad outside.
Yuuji: "Raise your elbow more. You're gonna hurt it otherwise."
Haruto: "Like this?"
I tried to place my elbow higher when I threw the ball, like he'd said.
When the ball left my fingers, it drew a gentle arc in the air and fell into Dad's glove.
Yuuji: "That's good. Just like that."
Haruto: "I only ever play catch with you though, so I don't think I'm gonna get hurt."
Yuuji: "Don't underestimate elbow injuries. Once you get one, you're never gonna fully recover."
Haruto: "Yeah, yeah. That's why you had to stop playing and went through all that heartbreak, I know."
Haruto: "But I'm not the ace of the team, carrying its fate on my shoulders. I'm not even on a team, in fact."
I like being active, generally, and it doesn't bother me to keep my dad company like this.
But I'm not such a dedicated son that I'd give up my whole youth to fulfill his long-abandoned dreams.
Yuuji: "If there was no such thing as magic, maybe you'd be sweating your butt off on the diamond like I did."
Haruto: "Not this again. Sure, I'm probably less interested in sports in general, but I think that's kind of unrelated."
Athletes only get attention because they can pull off things most people can't.
That is, most people would give up on running 100 meters in 9 seconds or hitting an out-of-the-park home run before they even tried.
People are excited to see others achieve things they could never do...
But that was the world before people learned about magic. With it, you can do almost anything.
Well, just because I'm a Caster doesn't mean I can do everything. I can't hit an out-of-the-park home run, for instance.
Right now the best I could do would probably be throwing a fireball pitch.
But when you look back at just a few years ago, that's still an incredible accomplishment.
Naturally, I don't remember much about the impact magic had on society at the time, but I can easily guess that it was immeasurable.
If you go out into town nowadays, it's not unusual to see Casters walking around wearing their Rings. Household rice cookers and the like have magic functions too.
To put it simply, people have gotten used to fairy tale magic they once thought only existed in fiction.
People really can become accustomed to the most incredible things, which is something I'm more likely to be impressed by than an out-of-the-park home run.
Yuuji: "What are you muttering about? Thinking about confusing things again?"
Haruto: "Hey, Dad, what did you think when you learned about magic?"
Yuuji: "What did I think? I was surprised at first, but when I saw it right in front of my eyes, I couldn't think anything other than 'huh, guess this is real after all.'"
Haruto: "Don't you think you were a bit too quick to accept it?"
Yuuji: "What else was I supposed to do? People around me really started using magic. All I could do was accept it."
Haruto: "But you still don't like magic, do you?"
Yuuji: "Well, unlike you, I'm a regular Joe who can hardly use any. It doesn't feel like all that much has changed for me."
Yuuji: "All that's changed is my workload. There's no end to the idiots who try to commit magic crimes, after all."
Haruto: "How come the crime rate has increased?"
Yuuji: "Whether there's magic or not, people are gonna break the rules. That's been true ever since the first law was written."
Yuuji: "It's just that, with magic, the hurdles for comitting those crimes are lowered."
Yuuji: "You know, it's not like I can't understand wanting to do something if you know other people can't."
Haruto: "Like wanting to shoot if you have a gun?"
Yuuji: "Same concept. Suddenly gaining power will make you think you've gotten stronger yourself, and that'll make you want to cut loose."
Haruto: "I guess it's no fun if you can hit a home run but you can't show it to anyone."
Yuuji: "Don't think you're above it all, kid. Your sticking your nose into danger all the time amounts to the same thing."
Haruto: "I'm not like that. I don't go out of my way to do anything I don't have to."
Haruto: "It's not like I think of myself as anything special. I don't want to go through anything scary, and I don't like pain."
Haruto: "But if someone's in trouble and I'm the only one who can help them, then I have to. That's how I think."
Yuuji: "Real life isn't fiction. Evil beats good every day, and something unjust is happening right now where you can't see it."
Haruto: "But if I just turn a blind eye, I might as well be as bad as a criminal. I don't want that."
Haruto: "I don't have the guts to stand back and let people be hurt."
Yuuji: "Sheesh, what a stubborn brat. That doesn't give you the right to use magic and cause such a commotion. At least, that's what I have to say, considering my position."
Haruto: "I know. I already try not to use magic outside as much as possible, but I'll put a little more effort into it. I'd feel bad if you got in trouble because of me."
Yuuji: "Don't worry about me getting in trouble... Well, maybe do, actually."
Hina: "Onii-chan#, Daddy#, I sliced an apple for you#!"
Hina stuck her head out of the window and waved at us.
Haruto: "Got it# We'll be right there#"
As I was taking off my glove, Dad thrust his hand out at me, the glove still on it.
Yuuji: "Last pitch!"
He wound up and released the ball, but he put too much strength into it and its trajectory veered off a little.
I stretched out my arm right away, but the ball slipped from my glove and hit the ground.
Yuuji: "Sorry, sorry, put a little bit too much into that one."
Haruto: "No, I still should have been able to catch it. Guess I haven't been practicing enough. I'll never make it to the nationals at this rate."
With an exasperated chuckle, Dad walked up to me, holding his glove.
Yuuji: "Haruto, I know I've said a lot, but I want you to remember this, at least."
Haruto: "What?"
Yuuji: "Life isn't like baseball, with a clear line drawn between fair and foul."
Yuuji: "To be honest, nobody knows for sure what's right and what's wrong."
Yuuji: "That's why all we can do is believe we've hit the ball and take off running."
Yuuji: "Don't forget that, alright?"
Haruto: "Alright."
I don't think I really understood what Dad meant.
But he went inside after that, and when I thought about Hina sitting in front of that apple waiting for us, I couldn't spend more time thinking too deeply about it.
I cocooned myself up in my blanket like a caterpillar.
In this season, the cold is harsh at night. It's not so bad when you're under the covers, but I'd wake up if I kicked my blanket off.
Haruto: "Mm..."
Had it been about ten minutes since I'd gotten into bed? It was about the time I should have been getting sleepy.
When I emptied my head, all of a sudden I found myself remembering the events of the day.
I studied like usual at the Academy, but ran into an OutCast on my way home...
Come to think of it, what was the deal with that girl...?
Now that I'm thinking about it, I kind of feel like I saw her before that, but then again I kind of don't...
She was wearing the Academy uniform, so maybe I just passed her by on campus. That sounds like it might be right, but then again... it kind of doesn't...
I tried pretty seriously to remember where I'd seen her.
But any sense of purpose is powerless before the Sandman, and before I knew it, I'd fallen into deep slumber.
====================B002.TXT====================
Hina: "Onii-chan, it's morning#♪"
Haruto: "Fwahh...?"
I felt a small hand shaking me through my blanket, and when I opened my eyes, a smiling Hina was there before me.
Hina: "It's morning#"
Haruto: "Yeah... but if I don't want it to be morning yet, what should I do?"
Hina: "You don't want it to be morning? Hm#, if it's not morning, then it can only be night, right?"
Haruto: "What a great idea, my brilliant little sister. Good night, then..."
Hina: "Oh# If you're gonna be that way, then I'm gonna say good night too#"
Haruto: "Wawah! Hina?!"
Hina'd crawled into my bed with me. Her sweet, girlish scent tickled my nose.
Haruto: "Y-Y-Y-You can't! It's not right for siblings to do these thiiings!"
Hina: "Eheheh# You're such a soft pillow, Onii-chan#"
Haruto: "This is wrong! But! I feel like it's also wrong to shake off your arms! What do I do?!"
Hina: "Good night, Onii-chan#♪"
Haruto: "G-Good niiight!!"
Yuuji: "Hey, Haruto, how long are you gonna stay..."
Haruto: "Whoa?!"
Yuuji: "Whoa?!"
Dad and I both froze when our eyes met.
Yuuji: "You two..."
Haruto: "D-Dad, it's not what you think...! We were just fooling around!"
Yuuji: "......"
From his face, I could tell he was thinking something like "I can't believe I had to see this so early in the morning"...
Yuuji: "...There's such a thing as being too close, you know."
Dad said this and left the room right after.
Haruto: "...That's enough, Hina."
If I were late for school after this misunderstanding, I wouldn't be able to face Dad tomorrow.
I decided to slip out from Hina's arms and change into my uniform.
Akatsuki: "Heeey, Harutooo."
Haruto: "Morning, Akatsuki."
As Hina and I headed to the Academy, we were stopped by a familar voice.
Hina: "Morning, Akatsuki-san#"
Akatsuki: "Morning, Hina-chan# You two seem close as always today."
Akatsuki jogged up to us and started walking beside me.
Akatsuki: "I heard you protected peace on Earth again, Haruto."
Haruto: "That's a bit of an exaggeration, isn't it?"
I only caught one OutCast. Unless he was planning on taking over the world, I don't think I had that much of an effect on the planet.
Haruto: "All I can do is try to correct whatever wrongs are being committed around me. Nothing more."
Haruto: "I can only hope to change those few things, even as the world continues to turn. I don't think anything more of it."
Akatsuki: "Nah man, you're plenty passionate if you ask me. If you asked anybody else to do something like that, they'd just look at you with their mouths hanging open."
Haruto: "You think so...?"
Akatsuki: "I know so. And not only for regular guys, either. I bet it'd be the same for like, politicians, who are supposed to act justly, too."
Akatsuki started speaking in an elated voice, like he always does.
Akatsuki: "Sure, there are plenty of problems more important to fix in the world than catching OutCasts, like war and famine."
Akatsuki: "And there are plenty of leaders, who have the authority to do something about those things, who spout all sorts of lines about justice."
Akatsuki: "But does spouting those lines solve anything? It changes nothing!"
Haruto: "I think the scale's a little different here. It's not like I could do anything about war."
Akatsuki: "That's for sure. Unfortunately, we're mere students."
Akatsuki: "But even if all you do are little insignificant things, I think it's much more meaningful to try to effect those little changes to the world, like you do."
Akatsuki: "As long as you keep working at it, maybe your commitment will get across one day."
Haruto: "Get across to who?"
Akatsuki pointed up at the sky and said:
Akatsuki: "To God."
To God, huh? True, He may be the only one who could wipe war and famine off the face of the Earth.
Hina: "Come on, Akatsuki-san, you shouldn't encourage Onii-chan# You two'll get in trouble with Daddy again#"
Akatsuki: "Ugh, your dad is seriously scary... He doesn't even go easy on your friends."
He wasn't there yesterday, but there have been times when Akatsuki and I both got in trouble and were chewed out by my dad.
Haruto: "You make it sound like I'm so special, but you're really not one to talk, Akatsuki."
Akatsuki: "That's not true. It's not true at all. We're fundamentally different, you and I."
Haruto: "Fundamentally?"
Akatsuki: "Your moral compass is so strong that it directs the people around you. I just happen to be one of those victims."
Akatsuki: "I can say with full confidence that I wouldn't get involved in troublesome stuff if not for you."
Haruto: "Look, he's made it seem like it's all my fault. Not sure how I feel about that."
Akatsuki: "Hahaha, what do you want from me? It's true, and I never said I didn't like it. It's just a little bit of a bother."
That's what he says, but Akatsuki does help me out a lot all the same. He's always looking at everything around us when I can only see what's in front of me.
It makes me want to ask him if he really doesn't have the same values as me after all.
But just then—
Hoodlum: "Shut it! I know you're the sister at the church that's hiding the vigilantes!"
An enraged shout cut through the quiet particular to winter mornings such as this.
Sister: "Please let go of me!"
An irate man had grabbed the arm of a habit-clad woman, and it sure didn't look like just a friendly argument.
Haruto: "Sorry, Hina, could you hold my bag?"
Hina: "Don't do anything reckless, Onii-chan#"
Haruto: "I know. But I can't just walk away."
Akatsuki: "Rescuing the weak and defeating the strong! Super Haruto is here to save the day!"
Haruto: "Quit calling me that."
Akatsuki: "Why? I think it's a perfect fit for you."
Akatsuki: "Politicians won't save the world, and God's always playing dumb."
Akatsuki: "So that only leaves one type of people: heroes."
Haruto: "It's not right to get violent with women. You're not playing fair."
Hoodlum: "Hunh...?"
The man, who had clearly lost his cool, was obviously unamused by our sudden involvement.
Hoodlum: "I wouldn't stick your nose into our business... You wanna die?"
Haruto: "I don't know what your relationship is, but it's pretty easy to tell that it isn't a normal one."
Haruto: "Why don't you calm down and let her go for now?"
Perhaps agreeing with me, the man released the girl.
Haruto: "If there's some disagreement here, I'll gladly mediate. Sometimes talking to a third party can—"
Hoodlum: "You can die first!!"
He brought some object made of metal up above his head and swung it down with incredible speed.
If that hit me, it'd crack my skull open. He must have been so enraged that he couldn't even understand that.
Hoodlum: "...?!"
His arm was stopped just before finishing its downward swing.
Akatsuki: "Really now, you could dodge instead of standing there like you want it to hit you. You could have died, you know?"
Akatsuki's arm had reached out from beside me to grab the man's wrist. No matter how much strength he continued to put into it, the man couldn't get his arm to reach my head.
Haruto: "I didn't want to dodge, since it would feel like running away. Besides, I thought you'd stop him, Akatsuki."
Akatsuki: "Yeah, yeah, I know I'm just your foil."
Hoodlum: "Aaaaaaah!! I'll kill the both of you!!"
The man now appeared to be even more enraged. Maybe he didn't like kids so much younger than him getting in his way.
Still, I couldn't sympathize with him. He was the one in the wrong.
Haruto: "I know you've got your own perspective, and from that standpoint, you might be in the right."
Haruto: "But it's definitely not right to do things like this. If you use violence to get your way, no one will ever agree with you."
Haruto: "You aren't playing fair."
Hoodlum: "...Don't gimme that shit..."
Akatsuki: "You probably shouldn't bother. Now that he's decided where he stands, I don't think anything we say could get through to him."
Akatsuki: "Even so, it'd be better for him to calm down a little. I'm sure he can figure out what school we go to."
As he noticed our uniform, the man seemed to finally hestitate for the first time.
Akatsuki: "That's that. I don't like using magic as a shield, but I think you can figure out what'll happen if you get into the ring with us."
I doubt there's anyone around here who hasn't seen students in the Academy uniform, and it's common knowledge that that Academy trains Casters.
Hoodlum: "You privileged Casters can't possibly understand how I feel!!"
Hoodlum: "The scum in the entertainment district, you Casters, you're all the same! People with power always gotta act like they're better than anyone else!!"
The man spat and ran off, his profile looking rather lonesome. He'd acted quickly when he understood the position he was in. 
Akatsuki: "So if he couldn't use magic, Haruto's moral compass wouldn't exist, eh? No, that can't be true."
Akatsuki: "If that's all he was worth, we wouldn't go through all this trouble in the first place. Don't underestimate Super Haruto!"
Haruto: "Stop calling me that."
Sending an accusatory glare Akatsuki's way, I held a hand out to the habit-clad woman, who had sunk to the ground.
Haruto: "Are you alright?"
Sister: "Th-Thank you. You aren't hurt?"
Haruto: "We're fine. I don't know your circumstances, but maybe you should go to the police just to be safe?"
Hina: "Onii-chan#, we're gonna be late if we don't hurry#"
I checked the time and found we no longer even had a minute to spare.
Haruto: "I'm sorry, we're in a hurry, so...!"
Fiona: "Umm... No, it was my fault for holding you up. I'm Kousaki Fiona Annabel, a sister at the church."
Fiona: "If you're ever hurt, or feeling unsure of yourself... actually, please visit any time you feel like it."
Akatsuki: "He can't win against time. That's Super Haruto's kryptonite."
Haruto: "I keep telling you..."
I ran toward the Academy even as I protested the nickname. Myself aside, I couldn't let Hina be late.
Akatsuki: "Sheesh, it's always like this with you."
We ran as hard as we could. The Academy's gates would shut in five minutes, and while we could still get inside after that, of course, we'd be doomed to being marked tardy.
Haruto: "Hina! Are you alright?!"
Right when the Academy buildings were about to appear before us, Hina, who had the least stamina, started lagging behind.
Hina: "I can't go on#... You guys go on ahead#"
Haruto: "It'd be wrong for us to leave you behind and save ourselves! We won't abandon you, Hina!"
I bent down in front of her before she collapsed.
Haruto: "Quick, get on my back. I'll carry you, Hina."
Hina: "B-But I'm heavy# I ate a proper breakfast, you know."
Haruto: "You're not heavy to me, Hina. It's a big brother's job to protect his little sister."
Akatsuki: "Haruto! We're seriously gonna be in trouble if we don't hurry!"
Haruto: "C'mon."
Hina: "Okay, but don't push yourself."
I made sure Hina was snug against my back before mustering up everything I had for one last spurt.
Haruto: "Huff... huff... huff..."
Haruto: "Ugh...?!"
I could see the Academy gate right before me, but my limit was approaching just as fast.
Hina: "Onii-chan, are you okay#?!"
Haruto: "I'm sorry, Hina... It looks like this is as far as I can go..."
My whole lower body was screaming. My forehead was wet with sweat despite the season, and the final nail in the coffin was the hill before the gate. It robbed me of all my strength.
Haruto: "We're out of time... you go on ahead without me, Hina..."
Hina: "B-But#..."
Akatsuki: "Let's go, Hina-chan. We can't let Haruto's sacrifice go to waste. It's sad, but there's nothing more we can do for him now."
Haruto: "Akatsuki, I leave Hina in your hands..."
Hina: "Onii-chan#!"
Akatsuki, having convinced Hina to move on, headed through the gate with her. Immobilized, all I could do was watch them go.
Haruto: "Phew..."
I'd finally caught my breath and recovered slightly from the fatigue in my legs. However, it was too late—the gate had already closed.
Haruto: "Well, what should I do now?"
I had but two choices: Accept my tardiness and head inside, or just go somewhere else while I was at it.
To gallivant about in the middle of a weekday would be quite a departure from the norm... I can't say I was completely against the idea, but if I ran into my dad I'd have no excuse for him.
I should just accept that it's my fate to hear Yumi-sensei's scolding...
Haruto: "Hm...?"
Am I hearing things...? I thought I heard something like a scream just now.
To the right of the gate, around a corner... I couldn't see what was happening from here.
I let myself be swayed by my premonition of danger and headed in that direction. Since I was guaranteed to be late anyway, there was no longer a need to pay any mind to the time.
On my way there, I remembered what had happened a few days ago.
During an outdoor lesson, I'd been a bit too enthusiastic and lost control of my magic, opening a hole in the walls surrounding the campus.
Yumi-sensei's sound scolding was still fresh in my mind.
They're supposed to repair the hole soon, but right now it should only be covered by a sheet.
......
I was suddenly struck by an almost divine flash of insight.
If I go through there, maybe I could avoid being marked tardy...
...But I quickly realized:
That would be an unlawful breach of protocol. Even if I wasn't found by any teachers and didn't end up being marked late, it wouldn't be right.
It wouldn't be playing—
Haruto: "Faaaaair?! Whoooa?!"
The hole in the wall was sealed shut, as if to censure me for my unlawful intentions.
The sealing wasn't entirely unexpected, but I couldn't imagine who would repair a wall with something like that.
Haruto: "Wh-What is this...?"
A human being was sticking out of the wall. If I told someone about it, they'd probably make fun of me, but it was true. There was nothing I could do about that.
To use more exact words, the bottom half of what appeared to be a girl was sticking out from the wall, her legs kicking about as if to embody distress.
???/Asahi: "...Is somebody there?"
Haruto: "The butt talked?!"
The butt monster used human speech, though I could see no mouth on it to speak of. I wonder how on earth it forms words...
???/Asahi: "I can't get out. Help me?"
Haruto: "H-Help how, exactly...?"
???/Asahi: "Push me from behind. I think I can get out if you do."
I finally understood the situation.
What was before me was not a butt monster, but a girl stuck in the hole in the wall.
At my feet was the blue sheet that had probably been covering the hole. I imagine the girl removed it to pass through here, but...
Haruto: "'Push,' you say..."
There are only so many places I could push to propel her forward.
Haruto: "Y-You really mean that?"
???/Asahi: "Yeah, please."
I have her permission. Who could have guessed I'd be climbing the stairs to adulthood like this?
This girl's in trouble, though, and I'm the only one who can help her.
There's no one else here, so I have to do it...
Haruto: "I got it! Here I go!"
I steeled myself.
Haruto: "...Hyeah!"
Shaking away my idle thoughts, I gave the girl's butt a good shove.
???/Asahi: "Aaaah!!"
An unknown sensation spread through my palms, but it was quickly overwhelmed by a very different one.
Haruto: "Gfh...?!"
The girl's legs went flying and her heel connected with my jaw.
???/Asahi: "Wh-What are you doing?!"
Haruto: "Wh-What do you mean?! Just what you told me to!"
???/Asahi: "When did I say you could touch my butt?! You degenerate! You're the worst!"
Haruto: "S-Sorry..."
It looks like I was going about this in the wrong way. I could taste blood in my mouth.
Haruto: "But what do you want me to do, then? There's nowhere else to push."
???/Asahi: "Oh, whatever, I don't need your help."
She groaned as she tried her best to escape the hole. She could swing her legs just fine, but it didn't look like she'd be extricating herself any time soon.
Haruto: "How'd you find yourself in this situation, anyway?"
???/Asahi: "...It's a trial."
Haruto: "A trial...? Getting through this hole?"
???/Asahi: "It's got nothing to do with you! I'm scared with a degenerate nearby, so please leave!"
Haruto: "I can't abandon someone in trouble. We'll have to think of a way to get you out of there."
When I took the time to collect myself, I noticed something. There was some kind of belt around the girl's waist. It looked like a holster for something.
My dad's face came to mind for a second, but I can't imagine a normal girl like her is walking around with a handgun.
Haruto: "Stay still for a second."
???/Asahi: "Wha—Aah!"
I reached around the girl's waist and searched for the clasp of the holster. I couldn't see where it was, so I had to feel for it.
???/Asahi: "No, no, no! Stop, that tickles!!"
Haruto: "Ah, there it is! I'm almost done, so stay still for a bit longer!"
???/Asahi: "I'll just be prey to you if I stay still! You degenerate!"
Her feet flailed about, aiming a good kick at me, but I used my previous experience to move around to the wall where she couldn't reach.
Haruto: "I got it! Hey, can you get through now?"
I'd thought maybe it was the holster that was caught in the hole, not the girl's butt, so I removed it temporarily.
???/Asahi: "Nngh...!!"
The girl twisted herself.
And...
Haruto: "Ooh, looking good. You can do it!"
The girl's body was sucked up into the hole, finally disappearing to the other side.
Haruto: "That's great, you got out. Are you alright?"
???/Asahi: "Give it back."
Haruto: "Huh? Ah, sorry."
I held the holster out through the hole and she snatched it away like a cautious beast only after its prey.
???/Asahi: "......"
The footsteps I could hear beyond the wall grew more distant.
She's probably headed towards the school buildings now.
Well, I had an encounter with a bit of an odd girl, but I should probably be thinking about my own course of action now.
I could head through the hole like she did. If I did, I'd avoid the check at the gate and I might not be tardy if I could at least make it to class on time.
Haruto: "Best not. It'd be pretty embarrassing if I got stuck too."
Besides, I don't really want to break the rules. I know it's nothing to really worry about, but dishonesty is dishonesty.
...It's not playing fair at all.
Akatsuki: "Oh, Haruto, over here."
Akatsuki waved me over from a line of students on their way into the gym... to where our class would be standing during the assembly.
Haruto: "I was surprised when no one was in the classroom. I forgot we had an assembly today."
Akatsuki: "Too bad. If this were a normal school, maybe we wouldn't have taken attendance yet, and you'd avoid being marked late."
Akatsuki: "But it doesn't work that way when our Rings keep track of when we go in and out of the building."
Haruto: "Even if they didn't, I'd admit I was late. Lying wouldn't be playing fair."
Akatsuki: "There it is. You're as stubborn as ever."
The assembly began right when I managed to get in place behind Akatsuki.
The Academy's headmaster rose to the stage to start things off with a greeting.
Inui: "Good morning, everyone."
Inui: "I saw some frost on the flower bed in my garden this morning. That really made it hit home what season it is now."
Akatsuki: "Headmasters always make such sweeping observations. It takes him forever to say anything, and it's usually not worth listening to anyway."
Haruto: "I don't think that's true."
Akatsuki: "You're probably the only person here listening to him so diligently. Look, a teacher over there just yawned."
Inui: "The seasons change quickly, much like our society's ability to adapt. It's only been twelve years now since the existence of magic became common knowledge to everyone."
Inui: "This Academy was founded two years after that, meaning that this year is our tenth anniversary."
Inui: "You were all very young then, so you probably don't remember, but Agartha, the maritime magic district, has changed much in that time."
Inui: "Magic received much attention as a new form of energy, and this island was built as a special district to stand at the forefront of magical development."
Inui: "Since then, magic has proliferated, becoming much more user-friendly."
Inui: "Magitronics, (or Magi, as they're more widely known) a technology that's a fusion of magic and electronics, is used now in everything from our transportation systems to household appliances."
The abbreviation "Magi" originally referred to Magitronic technology at large, but now people more often use it to refer to the devices themselves that use that technology.
Inui: "Of course, the road here hasn't been without its bumps, such as the fear, confusion, discrimination, and conflict leveled at people who first awoke to their new magic abilities."
Inui: "I'm sure you all remember the disaster seven years ago involving the Magi airplane. That accident brought about a strong opposition to the use of magic."
Inui: "Even so, magic will be essential to our future. If used properly, it will become a vital asset to humanity."
Inui: "That future is on the shoulders of everyone here. Your actions will decide magic's place in the future of our society."
Inui: "I implore you to follow the rules set out for you. You have been chosen by magic, but with that choice comes a heavy burden."
Akatsuki: "So he says. It's kinda hitting home, actually."
Haruto: "I'm following the rules. You're allowed to use magic temporarily when you normally wouldn't if there's danger to you or someone around you."
Akatsuki: "The law doesn't always line up with how people feel. Even if rules are generally just, you'll get in just as much trouble if you rely on them too much."
Haruto: "What does that—"
Inui: "Ahem. It's a rule to refrain from conversing during an assembly as well."
The headmaster's words brought me back to myself—It was painfully obvious that he was referring to us from the eyes focused on our direction.
Haruto: "I apologize. I won't do it again."
Akatsuki: "Same here."
Inui: "I appreciate your sincerity. You are all still young. You will make mistakes. What's important is that you reflect on those mistakes and learn from them."
The headmaster smiled kindly.
Inui: "You two are second-years? I wish you all luck on your examinations tomorrow."
Come to think of it, we've got a practical exam in magic tomorrow. Lots of students are really gearing up for it, since it could affect their marks a great deal. I guess I'm acting like I usually do, though.
The headmaster continued on after that while Akatsuki yawned.
The bell rang, signaling the end of class. Now is the oasis in the middle of our educational desert—lunch break.
Yumi: "Alright, that's it for today, then. The equation for magic conductivity and output will be on your exams, so remember it."
Haruto: "Mmh...!"
You could feel the release of tension spread through the classroom.
I wasn't trying to pay it any particular mind, but the same sort of relaxed noise that I'd uttered echoed around me.
Akatsuki: "Well, we managed to get through the first half of the game one way or the other. You okay with going to the cafeteria like usual for halftime?"
Haruto: "Yeah, I've gotta meet Hina there. She's got my half of lunch."
Akatsuki: "I'm so jealous. No matter what I do, an only child like myself will never be able to eat a homemade lunch from my little sister."
Haruto: "I don't mind sharing with you if you want some."
Akatsuki: "You don't understand anything, Haruto. Are you happy to get Valentine's chocolate from your mom? It just feels empty."
Haruto: "I think I'd be happy to get chocolate from my mom. I dunno though, since I don't have one, just like you."
Akatsuki: "Even if you don't have one, you can imagine. Imagine the futility of receiving chocolate from no one but your mother!"
I have no memories of my mother. She passed away right after giving birth to Hina, but I know so little about her that I can't even really be sad about that.
Male Student A: "Hey, Kokuryuu, did you hear the rumor about class B?"
One of our classmates approached us.
Akatsuki: "A rumor about class B, eh? Did Rikudou Asahi, the Academy's worst waste of a cute face, get up to something again?"
Haruto: "What? I haven't heard anything about that."
Akatsuki: "That won't do, Haruto. You've gotta point your antennae outward sometimes."
Akatsuki: "The rumor about her, though, is that she's picking up signals from outside of Earth. You remember that fire in the science lab last month, right?"
Come to think of it, there was a pretty big uproar about that, wasn't there? It was the first time we'd had to evacuate the school for something other than a drill.
Akatsuki: "The rumor is that was her doing an experiment to try to produce an unknown life-form."
Akatsuki: "People also say she mutters stuff at the sky during breaks and that if you incur her wrath you'll suffer divine punishment."
Haruto: "Divine punishment..."
Haven't I heard that somewhere recently?
I was just about to remember where, but their continued conversation distracted me.
Akatsuki: "Well, she acts weird, but she is cute. She's popular with guys, but girls don't think too well of her, I hear. Female jealousy sure is scary, huh?"
Male Student A: "That it is. I think most things can be forgiven if you're cute, though, and to tell the truth, I'm something of a fan of hers myself. What about you, Haruto?"
Haruto: "Well, I've never met her. It's not right to be producing any unknown life-forms, though..."
Male Student A: "No? Hahaha. Well, I don't mind having fewer rivals... Wait, I was talking about a new rumor, though."
Akatsuki: "A new one?"
Male Student A: "This is off the record, 'kay? I don't want it getting out. I had to promise secrecy to hear it too."
I sort of feel like I'm getting an inside look at exactly how rumors spread.
I decided to lend him my ear, though, since it looked like he really wanted to tell someone.
Male Student A: "There's a kid in class B who's been absent since the day before yesterday, and I guess he got his Ring stolen."
A Ring...the magic license everyone who can use more than the most basic magic must wear.
Its basic functions include assistance with magic use, and it serves as identification for entering certain facilities... this Academy, for instance.
It's also equipped with a sensor that sends data to the government whenever its wearer performs magic, so as to prevent its misuse.
With that connotation attached to it, it's not really something people can casually remove. You've got to fill out a bunch of forms if you so much as lose it, too.
Some people see Rings as a violation of human rights and don't wear them because of that, but those people are called "OutCasts," unauthorized mages, and they cause trouble occasionally.
Akatsuki: "'Stolen'? You mean by...?"
Male Student A: "Yeah, everybody's saying it was the Collector who got him."
Haruto: "Who's the 'Collector'?"
Akatsuki: "Haruto... You really don't know anything about stuff outside of your interests, do you? Well, I suppose it's my fault for not telling you about him."
Male Student A: "The 'Collector' is the name people have given this mysterious figure who appears out of nowhere and steals Casters' Rings."
Male Student A: "He immobilizes people with magic, steals their Rings, and disappears."
Haruto: "That's not right. It's not playing fair."
Akatsuki: "I thought the Collector only went after people who were committing magic crimes, though."
Haruto: "Committing magic crimes..."
Akatsuki: "If that's true, he might be the same kinda person as you, Haruto. The type who can't sit still when someone commits an evil deed right in front of them."
Haruto: "I don't steal people's Rings, though. What does that mean, do you think?"
Akatsuki: "Who knows. Maybe they're trophies. Like 'I've defeated this many enemies!' or something. That'd be a stingy superhero, though."
Haruto: "......"
You can't stop people like the OutCast from yesterday with just words, and if you need to use magic to stop them, you risk sacrificing innocent bystanders.
So if that's the reason this "Collector" is doing such things, I'm not sure that his actions can be called wrong.
But there's no reason to steal Rings. If he's acting with some goal of his own in mind, and not just to protect the people around him, then he's not playing fair.
Akatsuki: "The Haruto Conference has started! Its participants are Haruto 1, Haruto 2, and Haruto 3, and the results of this mental meeting of his are usually nothing but trouble."
Haruto: "Where can I find this Collector?"
Male Student A: "I dunno, it's just a rumor, man. Oh, but I heard from some kids in class B that something happened in the entertainment district."
Haruto: "Akatsuki."
Akatsuki: "No, I don't want to hear it."
Haruto: "What, you won't even listen?"
Akatsuki: "The sales pitches of door-to-door swindlers start by getting you to open the door."
Haruto: "I'm not a swindler. Just listen. Now that one of the victims is an Academy student, it's kind of our business, don't you think?"
Akatsuki: "You can think about that when it's our turn. Fortunately there are plenty of people wearing Rings, so we could be waiting for a long, long while."
Akatsuki: "...And yet! To do that would not be Haruto, would it? The mighty hero, Super Haruto, rescues the weak and defeats the strong!"
Haruto: "Akatsuki, let's go to the entertainment district after school."
Akatsuki: "Yep, there it is; he's gone and said it. I was expecting this, you know! But let me say it anyway: You really are Haruto, huh?"
Haruto: "Of course I am."
Akatsuki: "I can't think of a word other than 'Haruto' to describe this phenomenon occurring before my eyes."
Male Student A: "Are you guys gonna investigate or something? Let me know if you find anything out, then. I won't tell anyone."
Akatsuki: "Well, you are the trustworthy sort. We'll come straight to you as soon as we come across something."
Male Student A: "Alright, I'm counting on you. I'm gonna go eat, then."
He left the classroom, looking pretty satisfied with the way the conversation had gone.
Haruto: "I really don't think anything's going to stay a secret if you tell him, Akatsuki. Is that okay?"
Akatsuki: "He was pretty bad, but you're just as bad yourself, aren't you? Well, I'm not surprised at this point, of course."
Haruto: "What?"
Akatsuki: "Anyway, that's it for that conversation. We've got somewhere we need to go before our after-school plans, don't we?"
Haruto: "Aah?! Hina?!"
It was already some ten minutes into lunch break after that conversation we'd been roped into.
I can't keep Hina waiting.
Haruto: "Just stay put, Hina! I'll be right there! Come on, Akatsuki!"
Akatsuki: "A sister enthusiast, but a hero. A hero, but a sister enthusiast. Why is it that I feel the latter is somehow worse?"
I think Akatsuki said something, but I'd already started running, so I couldn't really hear him.
More importantly, I had to get to Hina as fast as I could...
Hina had been waiting valiantly for us, all on her own, and didn't even censure me for being late when we arrived at the cafeteria.
The effect of our tardiness, however, was immediately apparent: there was nowhere in the cafeteria for three people to sit together.
This was why I was looking for a place outside to eat, but had yet to find somewhere suitable.
Haruto: "Whoa—"
My phone vibrated, informing me of a call. When I saw the name on the display, I hit the button with a faint bit of hope in my heart.
Haruto: "Find somewhere, Akatsuki?"
Akatsuki: "No, unfortunately that's not why I'm calling. I've got more serious news."
Haruto: "Serious news?"
Akatsuki: "Man, I can't believe you're not aware of the happenings in the Academy, your home court. I think you'll lose some hero points for this, dude."
Haruto: "What are you talking about?"
Akatsuki: "I just saw some teachers running up to the roof, pale as ghosts. Apparently somebody's about to jump."
Haruto: "Jump?! That's terrible! Are they gonna be okay?!"
Akatsuki: "Who knows. Either way, even if we ran up there, there's nothing we can do about it now since the teachers are there."
Akatsuki: "When I heard about it, I seriously thought you'd be up there trying to talk this kid down from the ledge, but I'm glad I was wrong about this one."
Akatsuki: "In any case, we should leave this to other people and worry about our lunch—"
The roof—I reflexively looked up after hearing the story from Akatsuki.
The looming walls of the school building, and beyond that, clouds drifting through the deep blue sky.
That's all I should have seen, yet—my eyes met someone else's.
Pure, beautiful eyes that didn't know fear... it was as though time had stopped, like a piece of film that had captured a perfect shot.
I remembered hearing that when a human brain senses an impending crisis, it utilizes its absolute maximum processing ability.
But I didn't even have time to use that processing power—before I knew it, I was spreading my arms.
Because even if it was reckless, if no one else was there and I was the only one who could act, then that's exactly what I had to do...
====================B003.TXT====================
In the same moment that I spread my arms, I realized what had come falling out of the sky.
I couldn't imagine that she was looking straight at the disaster that was about to befall her.
It was like she considered the instant of her fall, really like the blink of an eye, to be a journey into the blue above... and the end of that journey approached before she arrived at her destination.
For a moment... a wind whirled up around us, carrying the scent of the trees on it.
Amidst that, a sweet smell burst forth.
As it felt the impact, my body sent danger signals to me from all over.
Maybe I'd just gotten some wires crossed... but for some reason my thoughts and senses seemed directed at the girl in my arms instead of my own body.
???/Asahi: "...It's you."
She smells really good. Is she wearing perfume?
Or... do girls just smell this good naturally? ...This wasn't really the time to be thinking things like that.
The girl didn't seem at all perturbed by the danger she had been in, either.
???/Asahi: "Why did you save me?"
Haruto: "I'm not sure how to answer that..."
???/Asahi: "You..."
Haruto: "Y-Yes?"
???/Asahi: "You're the one from last night. Are you doing this for redemption? To atone for your sins?"
Haruto: "Redemption... Did I do something wrong?"
???/Asahi: "You didn't save me because you feared divine punishment and wanted to beg forgiveness?"
Haruto: "...I'm not really sure what you mean."
???/Asahi: "Stop that. Give me a serious answer. This is important."
Before I could quite gather my thoughts, the girl's fierce gaze intimidated me into talking.
Haruto: "I'm not very smart, so I don't really grasp complicated stuff like that."
???/Asahi: "Just use your own words, then."
Haruto: "If someone in front of me is in trouble, is right about to lose something precious to them..."
Haruto: "In that moment, it's wrong to think about whether that person is in the right, or whether they were responsible for the situation they're in..."
Haruto: "I just think you should help them, and do all that thinking afterward. It's not right to need a reason to help someone."
Haruto: "It's not playing fair."
Haruto: "...I always get in trouble with my dad for acting that way, though."
???/Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "Is that strange? It probably is. I'm used to hearing that, since my friend says it all the time..."
???/Asahi: "It's not strange. I won't laugh at you."
???/Asahi: "I understand your feelings, and I get made fun of a lot too."
It didn't seem like she was only trying to cheer me up out of pity. I knew this probably because it seemed as though through her eyes, I could see down into the depths of her heart.
???/Asahi: "Could you let me down now? I'll be caught if I don't get away from here."
Haruto: "Caught by who?"
Still in my arms, she pointed up a little.
Yumi: "Rikudou-san?! Are you alright?!"
Yumi-sensei shouted while leaning out over the edge of the roof, her hand extended toward us.
Haruto: "I see now, that wind was Sensei's magic."
I don't think I'd have been able to catch this girl falling from the roof if she hadn't been slowed by wind magic.
???/Asahi: "Hey, can you put me down?"
Haruto: "Oh, sorry."
I slowly lowered her feet to the ground after she reminded me.
When I returned her to a normal speaking position, I realized her face was familiar to me.
Haruto: "We met last night in front of the station..."
???/Asahi: "We'll talk later. The teachers will be down here soon. You don't want to get caught either, do you?"
When she held her small hand out to me... I felt an undeniable, unshakable will, and began to do just as she said.
???/Asahi: "This way."
The girl ran off, still holding my hand. While still confused, I couldn't make myself shake off her grip, and so I did nothing but follow.
She brought me to a deserted hallway.
???/Asahi: "We should be fine here."
Haruto: "Erm, that's enough, right?"
???/Asahi: "Of what?"
Haruto: "Of holding my hand... it's kind of, umm... embarrassing, y'know."
I'm sure some people wouldn't bat an eye, but when you're like me and have no romantic experience, holding hands is kind of a serious thing.
The stares from everyone on our path here had kind of hurt, too. I never imagined that my first time doing such a heart-pounding thing like holding hands with a girl would end up like this.
???/Asahi: "That's fine. We don't need to anymore."
Her slightly colder hand released mine just like that, as if she had no idea how I was feeling.
I couldn't help feeling a bit let down that it was over with so quickly, sort of like when you put yourself down in order to look humble.
Like now that it was empty, my hand was feeling as though it wouldn't mind taking it easy a little while longer.
???/Asahi: "Tell me your name."
Haruto: "Huh? Ah, it's Mutsumi Haruto. You write it like this."
I had my Ring display my student ID and showed it to her.
Haruto: "What's your name?"
Asahi: "Rikudou Asahi."
Haruto: "So you're...?"
Rikudou Asahi—I thought for a moment that I'd heard it just recently, then quickly remembered the conversation I'd had earlier with Akatsuki.
Asahi: "I'm what?"
Haruto: "No, nothing. Why did you fall off the roof, though? You didn't jump, did you...?"
Asahi: "I didn't fall, I flew... only for a second, though."
Haruto: "You flew... I guess you could say that, but I kind of get the feeling 'fell' is more appropriate."
Asahi: "If both things are the same, then it's better to choose the one you prefer."
Asahi: "So I'm going to say I flew. That sounds more vibrant, doesn't it?"
Haruto: "I see... Well, regardless of the phrasing, you shouldn't fly off the roof."
Asahi: "Birds fly through the sky. Is that wrong of them?"
Haruto: "Well, I wouldn't stop you if you had wings, but I don't see any on your back."
Haruto: "Anyway, you shouldn't do anything like that again. If you ever need help, you can always ask me."
Asahi: "I don't plan on asking anyone for help. These are my trials, after all."
Haruto: "Trials?"
Jumping from the roof, a trial? As like a test of her courage?
Asahi: "But maybe you can make it there too. I sort of get that feeling."
Asahi: "I'll see you, then."
Haruto: "Ah..."
She said all that without hesitation, then headed up the stairs without so much as a second glance my way.
Haruto: "Make it where... Like... heaven? 'I'll push you off the roof too, you jerk!' Is that what she meant...?"
It's like she's been mad at me since we first met. I must have done something to offend her...
While I didn't understand anything about this, I had the impression I'd be seeing more of her, though I had nothing to back that feeling up.
A destined meeting, a mixture of anticipation and unease, the faint, bittersweet scent of love—
There was none of that here. Those sweet illusions are just that.
???/Yumi: "Haruto-kun, do you have a moment?"
Feeling a mysterious pressure behind me, I turned around to find Yumi-sensei glaring at me.
Haruto: "Huh? You wouldn't happen to be mad, would you, Yumi-sensei...?"
Yumi: "Well, I doubt you could exactly call my mood pleasant right now."
Yumi: "I'm not grown-up enough to assume it might not be you this time."
Haruto: "Yeah, I do know you skipped a bunch of grades and graduated the Academy early. You're close to our age."
Yumi: "Haahh#... Where did my life go wrong? This isn't what I wanted to end up doing..."
Yumi: "Well, whatever. I'll be reporting this to your father."
Haruto: "W-Wait a second?! I don't have anything to do with this! That girl suddenly fell from the sky, so I helped her, that's all!"
Yumi: "Lately I've been wondering if there's some kind of trouble-attracting magnet buried deep in your body somewhere."
Haruto: "E-Even if there was, I don't think I'd be able to do anything about that."
Yumi: "Fine. I'll get the rest from Rikudou-san herself. Stay out of it if you would, Haruto-kun."
Yumi: "For now, I'd prefer it if you just shut your eyes and your ears, and if possible your nose and mouth too."
Haruto: "But then I wouldn't be able to breathe! I'd die!"
Yumi: "......"
Haruto: "...Huh?"
Yumi: "I'm just kidding. But the next time you cause trouble..."
Haruto: "...The next time...?"
Yumi: "Heheh, maybe I'll choke you to death myself♪"
Haruto: "That's not funny at all..."
Akatsuki: "So all that excitement happened while I wasn't around. You really do always find ways to exceed my expectations."
Haruto: "You can only laugh about it 'cause you're not involved... If I'd taken one wrong step, I really could have been in trouble."
Akatsuki: "But heroes don't take wrong steps. No matter the predicament, you never give up, right 'til the end. That's how you can keep doing this hero stuff over and over again."
Haruto: "I don't think many heroes have to deal with girls falling from the sky."
Akatsuki: "And it was Rikudou Asahi of all people. No, I should probably say it's {because} it was Rikudou Asahi of all people."
While we were on our way to the entertainment district to find information about the Collector after school, I told Akatsuki about what had happened during lunch.
According to him, after that, the teachers apprehended Rikudou Asahi and gave her a sound scolding.
Akatsuki: "So even though all that happened during lunch, as soon as classes end you're out trying to solve another incident."
Akatsuki: "Where does all this decisiveness come from, when you're not all that quick to act about anything else?"
Haruto: "It's not all that special, and it's not like I feel obligated to do something."
Haruto: "I just feel bad not doing anything now that I've heard about it. If we don't find any clues and there's nothing we can do, I'll be able to give up on it then."
Haruto: "So I'm not particularly special, and definitely not the sort of hero you keep talking about either."
Akatsuki: "No way. The fact that you think these things already sets you apart from everybody else."
Haruto: "???"
Akatsuki: "Nah, it's fine. I know there's nothing I can say to you now. I figured that out long ago."
Akatsuki: "Once the Collector business is dealt with, I bet your antennae'll be pointed at the Unknown next."
Haruto: "Unknown?"
Akatsuki: "You haven't heard about all the power outages lately? There's apparently a ghost that appears during them. It's the hottest topic among the occult-loving crowd nowadays."
Akatsuki: "They're saying it's the vengeful spirit of somebody who was electrocuted on the power lines, but nobody knows the truth."
Akatsuki: "There's another rumor that the ghost is behind all those traffic accidents lately too. As if a ghost isn't bad enough, imagine one showing up when you're driving."
Haruto: "Ghosts, huh... I guess if they really exist, I'd kinda want to see one..."
I was sort of half-scared and half-interested. Years ago, people would never have believed magic could exist, so it's not that strange to think ghosts might too.
Akatsuki: "Well, I have to say I'm more interested in angels come down from heaven than ghosts, personally. Right now, that's where my interests lie!"
The church where the sister we ran into this morning works is in the same area as the entertainment district, so we'd decided to head there too while we were at it.
She said we could visit whenever we want, but I didn't think we'd be making our way there so soon.
Akatsuki: "Oh, sweet angel, come to Earth in these trying times, will you save this sinful soul?"
Haruto: "Huh? Don't tell me it was love at first sight, Akatsuki?! Huh? Well, was it? Was it?"
Akatsuki: "Are you five? Put those sparkly eyes away. The rest of the world isn't as pure-hearted as you."
Haruto: "So that's a no?"
Akatsuki: "Things aren't as black and white as you think they are. There are subtle lines people cross back and forth between to find common ground."
Akatsuki: "Most people only have a few things they really want."
Akatsuki: "The rest, you take risks to fight for, thinking that you'll only get 'em if you're really lucky."
Haruto: "So what do you mean?"
Akatsuki: "I mean if I'm really lucky, maybe I'll get to know her a bit better."
Haruto: "What, so I was right! Just be honest instead of getting all embarrassed#"
Akatsuki: "This boy is so much trouble!"
It's important that we go to the church now. I've got to support my friend.
Akatsuki: "You've never fallen for anyone, have you? At least, I've never seen you showing any signs of that."
Haruto: "Me? I dunno# I guess Hina's my most important person."
Akatsuki: "You don't have to show off your sister enthusiasm, man, I'm well aware. That's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about romance."
Akatsuki: "Even you can't be planning on marrying Hina-chan. Though now that I've said it, I can't seem to shake this tinge of unease..."
Haruto: "She's my precious family. If you're asking me about anyone else, I... guess I can't say I've thought about it much."
Akatsuki: "Well, what would you say about Rikudou Asahi? She's cute, visually, and most of all, you're one of the few people who've successfully communicated with her. You two might have a chance!"
Haruto: "A chance, eh..."
I thought back to what had happened at noon, but I couldn't recall a single hint of romance.
Haruto: "I do think she's cute, but she's kind of odd... I'm not sure I could keep up with her."
Akatsuki: "I'm sure you're the one person Rikudou Asahi doesn't want calling her odd."
Haruto: "Huh?"
Akatsuki: "Welp, let's finish up what we came here for before the sun sets. You can't stay out too late and leave Hina-chan all alone."
Haruto: "That wouldn't be good. Let's hurry."
Akatsuki shrugged as if he had something else he wanted to say.
When we passed under the entertainment district's arch, we entered a town with a very different atmosphere than we were used to.
There were a lot of adults in suits going into stores and a lot of bars that were only opening now.
Akatsuki: "We might look kinda suspicious wandering around here."
I didn't see anyone our age nearby. No student would come here without some purpose in mind.
I've also heard from my dad that there are a lot of OutCasts in the area, which is why it's more disorderly here than elsewhere.
Akatsuki: "We don't want to be here too long. Let's head through and get to the church."
Haruto: "But we've gotta look into the Rings."
Akatsuki: "How are we gonna do that? You want to ask everybody we pass by or something?"
Haruto: "You don't think we should...?"
Akatsuki: "The people running the stores are too busy to humor us and the office workers are here from somewhere else, so I don't think they'll know anything about Rings if we ask them."
Haruto: "......"
Akatsuki: "Just be satisfied with a visit for now. Stay put until we get another report, alright?"
Akatsuki: "We'll go to the church, have fun chatting with the sister, and head home. That's fine for today, isn't it?"
Haruto: "...Yeah, okay. I get it."
It's just like Akatsuki said. We didn't come here to do something in particular. For whatever reason, I had just wanted to make the trip.
Akatsuki: "Well, now that that's settled, let's hurry. I don't want your dad catching us."
Akatsuki: "I can't have my chat with a cute sister turn into an investigation with a stern-faced detective."
Haruto: "Come to think of it, do you even know where the church is, Akatsuki?"
Akatsuki: "I've heard about it. A surviving church, weathered by the passage of time. Sounds neat."
Akatsuki led the way through alleys with glittering neon signs. As we went further and further in, the town was dyed deeper and deeper by the colors of its night.
Haruto: "What was the student whose Ring was stolen doing here, anyway?"
Akatsuki: "Who knows. You'll never see the end of if you start prying into every single detail about someone else's life. There are things that only make sense to a given person, even though others might never understand."
Haruto: "......"
Akatsuki: "Something the matter?"
Haruto: "No, I was just wondering if that goes for Rikudou Asahi too."
I sensed a very strong will from her words and attitude. Like she's acting in pursuit of some unshakable conviction.
So then from her perspective, is there some perfectly ordinary reason for the things she does that we simply can't understand...?
Akatsuki: "Probably, if she's human."
Haruto: "If she's not human, then what is she?"
Akatsuki: "I mean, it's possible that she's an alien or something like that. Sure, it's a little unscientific, but if somebody told me that, I think I'd believe it."
I don't really believe in the occult, but Akatsuki's words were strangely convincing.
Of course, the possibility that Rikudou Asahi is an alien is extremely low, but thinking back on her behavior earlier, I'm not sure that I can completely deny it...
We must have been so distracted by our thoughts on whether or not Rikudou Asahi was an alien that it took us a while to notice all the eyes on us.
Several figures surrounded us, blocking our path forward.
Vigilante Tetsu: "Hey now, hey now, wait a minute, wait just a minute now."
Vigilante Yoshida: "Oh? Those are Academy uniforms. It's dangerous here, y'know. There are guys like {us} here, see."
After the first man appeared before us, several others got up from the side of the street and gathered around too.
Haruto: "Hm? Do you need something?"
Vigilante Tetsu: "Don't gimme that 'Do you need something?' crap! It's the vigilante corps' job to clean up the trash!"
Akatsuki: "Haruto, these nice older gentlemen are picking a fight with us. You'll provoke them if you're not a bit more modest."
Haruto: "Why? We haven't done anything wrong."
Vigilante Yoshida: "Lemme guess. This kid's a dumbass. A dumbass♪ An Olympic-level dumbfuck for sure!"
It doesn't feel good to be called dumb by someone you've just met. I was angry on the inside, and my expression got a bit darker to match, which I guess he picked up on.
Vigilante Tetsu: "Hunh? If you got a complaint why don't you speak up, eh?"
Haruto: "It's wrong to speak ill of people you don't know. It isn't playing fair."
Akatsuki: "Now now, you should calm down a bit too. It's not like these nice men are really going to get angry at a couple of kids like us. Are you?"
Vigilante Tetsu: "Hey. Hey, what'd you just say? You tryin' to look cool, kid?!"
Akatsuki: "Oh my, it's worse than I thought."
Haruto: "We were just walking down the street. We haven't done anything to offend anyone."
Vigilante Tetsu: "You don't get it, eh? You Casters walking here {is} the problem."
Vigilante Yoshida: "This here's the vigilante corps' home. And now that we've caught you, I think you need a little punishment."
Haruto: "Vigilante corps?"
Akatsuki: "I've heard of them. A violent band with pretty much no magic aptitude that hangs around the entertainment district."
Akatsuki: "Ah, now I understand their beef with us."
Haruto: "What is it?"
Akatsuki: "They just don't like us. Casters, that is. They don't have any positive feelings for magic as a whole."
Akatsuki: "This is the only place on Agartha where there aren't a lot of Magi."
Akatsuki: "The magic police are relatively lenient here because there are a lot of people who dislike magic."
Akatsuki: "Though these men may just be looking for a fight, of course."
Haruto: "Well, that's not right. It's not playing fair to make someone your enemy just because they can or can't use magic."
Akatsuki: "Your viewpoint's the correct one, but there are more people in the world who can't live as honestly as you do."
Vigilante Tetsu: "Quit yer yappin'! This is no place for people like you! You wanna go through the same thing the last kid did?"
Haruto: "...What do you mean?"
Vigilante Yoshida: "There was another kid here from the same place as you. He was a fuckin' brat too, so we made sure he enjoyed his time here."
The man said, taking something out of his pocket. I realized what it was right away.
Haruto: "A Ring...?!"
One of the Rings provided to Casters was spinning around the man's finger.
That belongs to the kid from class B...
Vigilante Yoshida: "These are important for you blessed little Casters-in-training, innit? It's humiliating getting it stolen by us, innit?"
Vigilante Tetsu: "I'll add 'em to my collection, so hand over those fancy Rings you're wearin'!!"
The man grabbed at my arm before he'd finished his sentence. If I stayed where I was, I'd get hit, so I quickly stepped back.
Haruto: "That was close."
Vigilante Tetsu: "Who said you could dodge that?!!"
Haruto: "Of course I'm gonna dodge. I don't see any reason to let you hit me."
Akatsuki: "They don't like us. That's plenty reason for them."
Haruto: "Then they're not playing fair."
Akatsuki: "Justice exists no matter the era, but it's also quick to be violated. Just like now."
There were six of them—we were clearly outnumbered.
Akatsuki: "We really don't want to fight with you, sirs! It'll be better for everyone if we just pretend we never met and go back to our lives!"
Akatsuki: "But if you reeeally won't let us go, then we have some ideas of our own."
Akatsuki stepped forward, one of his arms before him. At the same time, the men all stepped back.
Vigilante Tetsu: "You gonna... use magic?"
Akatsuki: "Is that a problem? We're still unskilled, so we might not be able to hold back."
Haruto: "Akatsuki."
Akatsuki: "What is it, Haruto?"
Haruto: "We can't use magic right now."
Akatsuki: "'Cause it breaks the rules?"
Haruto: "We can't use it unless we absolutely need to or if someone's going to get hurt. So we can't use it now."
Akatsuki: "I'm pretty sure we're about to get hurt."
Haruto: "In that case, we'll just have to give up."
Akatsuki: "Hahh, I was hoping we'd get through this just by threatening to use it..."
Haruto: "Huh? You weren't really gonna do it? I-I'm sorry."
Akatsuki: "You don't need to apologize. In fact, I'm happy! A hero's not supposed to be sneaky, after all."
Vigilante Yoshida: "Just go to hell already!! Everybody take 'em together!!"
I had ruined Akatsuki's plan by failing to understand it. Now that the men weren't cowed by his threats, they were coming at us like rabid dogs.
Haruto: "I'll draw their attention so you can get away, Akatsuki."
Akatsuki: "Sheesh, you really are a hardcore hero. It's an attractive proposition, but I don't think I can take it."
Haruto: "Why not?"
Akatsuki gave me an eager grin.
Akatsuki: "'Cause if I run away here, I'll become Passerby A, who can only flee from evil."
Akatsuki: "And I don't want to be Passerby A. Maybe it's a meaningless effort on my part, but I really don't want that."
Akatsuki: "But you probably have no idea what I'm talking about and you don't need to. It's just for my own self-satisfaction!"
Haruto: "I understand. You're worried about me, aren't you? You're a softy too no matter what you say, Akatsuki."
Akatsuki: "Haha, well, let's go with that for now."
When we'd made up our minds, we noticed a figure approaching from behind the men, and all of them turned to look at it at the same time.
???/Mikihisa: "......What's... goin' on here...?"
Vigilante Tetsu: "Whoa, Mikihisa-kun!! And Fiona-san... are you on a date?"
Fiona: "Ah... the boys from this morning."
Next to the man with the tattoo (who looked incredibly dangerous) was Fiona-san, the woman we'd met this morning.
Vigilante Yoshida: "Now that Mickey's here we've got the strength of 777 men! These kids are sayin', like, the vigilante corps' worth less than shit, so we were thinkin' we might kill 'em, y'see!"
Fiona: "Okay! Okay, okay, that's enough! I'm going to chant the magic spell now!"
Fiona: "'R-E-K-T!' Let's hold hands and say it once more! 'R-E-K-T! Ready, Everyone, Kindness Time!'"
Fiona-san said this, getting in between the men and us and holding her arms out.
???/Mikihisa: "Every last one of you fuckers... is so goddamn annoying..."
Vigilante Tetsu: "Huh? ...Something the matter, Mikihisa-kun?"
Fiona: "I'm sure you're all just hungry! You just need to be a bit more patient until the lovefeast, so while you wait, why don't you pick up empty cans or something!"
???/Mikihisa: "I'm fucking exhausted being dragged around by her. I've got so much stress it'd be a waste to let it out on these fuckin' shrimps."
The man they'd called Mikihisa seemed to know them, and from the way their conversation went, he seemed to be superior to them in some way.
Vigilante Yoshida: "But like... it's not fun without you, Mickey..."
Mikihisa: "Huh?"
Incredible... with just a look, that man who'd been so arrogant before visibly shrunk.
Vigilante Tetsu: "...Let's get outta here. I'm over this."
Vigilante Yoshida: "Alriiight! Everybody out! Fiona-san showed up, so we're done here!"
The man huffed like he still had something he wanted to say, but he gave up and went off with his friends.
Mikihisa: "Hey, silver spoon."
Haruto: "Huh? Me?"
Mikihisa: "Don't ever come here again. You're still a fuckin' eyesore, so understand that you got lucky this time."
Fiona: "Ah, h-hey, Mikihisa-san... Ahh, well. That wasn't so bad though, was it?"
Haruto: "Thank you for saving us. We would've gone through some pain if you hadn't."
Fiona: "Well, we've gotta help each other out when we're in trouble, right?"
Haruto: "I suppose so. You really saved us."
Fiona: "What are you two doing here, anyway?"
Haruto: "We're here investigating the Ring-hunting..."
Akatsuki: "Well, we thought we'd go see you, Fiona-san! This kid wouldn't listen, he just had to meet you again."
Haruto: "Huuuh?! Weren't you the one who wanted to go see her, Akatsuki?!"
Fiona: "So you were immediately interested in our church, huh? That's wonderful."
Fiona: "Actually, we're having a lovefeast after this—a party. Would you like to come?"
Akatsuki: "Is that alright?"
Fiona: "Of course! The vigilante corps will be there too, so we should all chow down together!"
Akatsuki: "If that's the case, then we'll come another day. That's too bad, isn't it, Haruto? You and Fiona-san will have to do your smooching some other time."
Haruto: "I'm telling you I didn't say any of that!"
Fiona: "They're not all bad, you know..."
Akatsuki: "We can't ruin your party by showing up unannounced. We'll see you later, Fiona-san."
Fiona: "Yes. May God bless you two."
Haruto: "Why'd you say all that? You were the one who wanted to go, weren't you, Akatsuki?"
Akatsuki: "Was I? Don't you wanna smooch Fiona-san too, Haruto?"
Haruto: "You can't do that unless you're going out with the person. It's not right to do that with someone you don't know well. It isn't playing fair."
Akatsuki: "Sure, sure, then I'll keep her to myself the next time I see her."
Akatsuki: "More importantly, since we've now fulfilled all our goals, there's no reason for us to be here any longer. Unless you're gonna say you want to enjoy the nightlife."
Haruto: "Well, Hina's waiting, so we should probably head back. We can go to the church some other time."
Akatsuki: "Doesn't seem like you've got any reason to visit a church when your only god's at home, though."
Haruto: "Did you say something?"
Akatsuki: "Nope, just talkin' to myself. Let's get going."
Apparently the student in class B who had his Ring stolen didn't have anything to do with the Collector. I feel bad about what happened to him, but he should be reissued another Ring sooner or later.
It's not like everything's back to the way it was, but I don't think there's anything more I can do about the situation.
====================B004.TXT====================
After I'd parted ways with Akatsuki, I noticed something strange on my way home.
Haruto: "Did something happen...?"
Most of the people on the sidewalks were stopped, looking in one direction.
I could hear a noise like a siren some distance away. As the sound grew louder, I became more convinced of what I was hearing.
A car full of BURST personnel stopped nearby.
The armed men and women quickly exited the car and spread out on the road. Among them I spotted someone familiar, his coat slung over his shoulder.
Haruto: "Dad!"
Yuuji: "Haruto?!"
He noticed me too, and ran over after saying something to a nearby BURST officer.
Yuuji: "What are you doing here? Are you up to something again?"
Haruto: "I'm just on my way home. I don't know what's going on either, since I just got here."
Yuuji: "...Alright. That's good, then."
Haruto: "What is it?"
Yuuji: "Nothing you need to worry about. Hurry up and get home."
An armed BURST officer appeared beside my dad.
BURST Member A: "Report! The target was unconscious, so we apprehended him right away."
Yuuji: "Alright, load him up and get him out of here, then. Who did it?"
BURST Member A: "According to witness testimony, it sounds like the Collector."
Haruto: "Huh? The Collector?"
Yuuji: "Again? Search the perimeter, at least. I'll take command."
Yuuji: "Haruto, go straight home. No detours. Got it?"
Dad ran off before I could even respond.
Haruto: "So there really is... a Collector."
They're not just a rumor, if Dad and the other people in BURST are talking about them.
Of course, there's nothing I can do in this situation. If the pros are on the job, an amateur like me has no business butting in.
And when I was about to go home just as my dad had instructed, the view of the moon above a nearby building happened to catch my eye.
I couldn't understand what I was seeing for a moment...
Haruto: "Huh...?"
There was someone there.
The sight was so otherworldly that I couldn't immediately recognize the figure as a person.
I wasn't just seeing things—She was wearing something like a cape, but it was definitely a human figure standing atop a building, the full moon at her back.
Haruto: "Is that... the Collector...?"
There was no basis to the words I found slipping out of my mouth.
But that was all I could think with the unrealistic sight before me.
Is she looking this way...?
She was over a hundred meters away from me, so I couldn't tell exactly where she was looking.
But I definitely felt like her eyes had been on me ever since I'd noticed her.
Haruto: "Wah?!"
With no warning, the whole town suddenly went dark. The light coming from building windows, the light from stores nearby, they all went out at the exact same moment.
All that was left were car headlights, but they weren't nearly enough to illuminate the town on their own.
It took me a while to realize that a power outage had occurred.
Haruto: "Huh...?"
Someone was right before me.
Or to be more precise, a faint light in the shape of a person.
I squinted, trying to ascertain just what the light was.
But it was soon swallowed up by a brighter light and disappeared.
Since I was distracted by that unusual phenomenon, it took me a little too long to notice the threat rapidly approaching me.
The light that had swallowed up the human figure grew brighter and brighter until it filled my vision. It was already too late by the time I realized it was the headlights of a car.
It was too sudden for me to get out of the way or use magic to do something about it. All I could do was watch it all play out, like I was just an onlooker.
Yuuji: "Haruto!!"
I could hear my dad's voice.
Right when I noticed that, my eyes were filled with the sight of the car ramming itself onto the sidewalk...
====================B005.TXT====================
Hina: "Onii-chan, it's morning#♪"
Haruto: "Fwah...?"
Hina: "Morning#♪"
Haruto: "I... don't want it to be morning yet... Good night."
Hina: "Not today# We have to go to the hospital#"
Haruto: "Hm? The hospital...?"
Hina: "You were in an accident yesterday, Onii-chan# So they want to make sure there's nothing wrong with you#"
Haruto: "An accident... Right, there was that blackout yesterday."
There was a fog in my head, but as it gradually cleared, I started to remember what had happened.
Hina: "It doesn't look like you're injured anywhere, but you hit your head, so you have to go see the doctor#"
The last image I saw before I lost consciousness flashed through my head, and I shuddered in fear.
I timidly moved around, but nothing hurt, nor was I wearing any kind of bandages.
Haruto: "Is this good luck or bad? I'm glad I wasn't hurt, though."
Hina: "Yeah, but you need to go to the hospital again to find out if you're really alright# Daddy said he'd drive us# Get up and get ready, okay#?"
Haruto: "I got it. Huh? Oh yeah, don't you have a checkup today too, Hina?"
Hina: "I do# So we're all going together# Daddy told school for us#"
Hina's never been the healthiest, so she has to get checkups at the general hospital every so often. I've been there a few times for some injuries too.
Haruto: "I'll have to get ready, then#... Mm, but when I'm sleepy, I'm sleepyyy."
Hina: "You can do it, Onii-chan#♪ Wakey wakey♪"
Hina cheered me on, lending a hand to help me up. As long as that hand's there, I can get up as many times as I need to.
Hina's small, delicate hand, however, didn't have the strength to pull me up.
Hina: "Huh#?"
Haruto: "Wah?!"
I ended up pulling Hina onto the bed. It wasn't a problem, though, since she doesn't weigh a thing.
Hina: "Eheheh♪ You're so strong, Onii-chan#"
Haruto: "Yep, I'm strong, so call me whenever you need something heavy carried or anything like that."
Hina: "Mhm, I'm counting on you#♪"
It's a brother's job to help out his sister. If it would help Hina, only a little bit of trouble almost wouldn't be enough.
But with my determination renewed, staying in this position was most definitely not playing fair.
Yuuji: "Hey, you still sleeping? We're leaving in—"
Haruto: "Whoa?!"
Yuuji: "Whoa?!"
We arrived at the hospital in Dad's car and not long after, my examination began.
Hina and I were both called at the same time, but when I returned to my dad in the waiting room, I didn't see her there with him.
Haruto: "She's not done yet?"
Yuuji: "Yeah, it shouldn't take much longer, though."
Haruto: "Huh, should we just wait here, then?"
More seats were filled than when we'd arrived, even though it was a weekday morning. It's not that rare a sight, since it's the biggest hospital on the island.
Yuuji: "Everything done with you?"
Haruto: "Yep, they said there's nothing wrong with me, so I should go straight to the Academy."
Yuuji: "Got it. I'll take you there when Hina's done, then."
Haruto: "Thanks. What about your work?"
Yuuji: "No problem. I took half the day off. I'll head to the station after I drop you two at school."
Yuuji: "Here, I'll buy you something from the shop. What do you want?"
Haruto: "Melon ice cream, then. The kind that's in a melon-shaped cup."
Yuuji: "Sure thing. Wait here a sec."
Haruto: "Hey, I've been wondering. Why do you always buy us something when we go to the hospital? Even though you usually say we should watch our sugar intake."
Yuuji: "The hospital's a scary place for a kid, right? Sometimes the stuff they do here hurts. But kids don't understand that if you don't go, you'll end up in even worse shape."
Yuuji: "So they need to know that there's good stuff waiting for them here, too. Not that you're at that age anymore."
Haruto: "Guess not, though it still makes me happy. I think Hina'll want pudding."
Yuuji: "Yeah, I'll go grab some."
Dad headed off for the shop, which was in another building.
Haruto: "......"
You wouldn't know it if you looked at him now, but maybe Dad was scared of hospitals when he was a kid.
I thought about that while I watched the TV in the waiting room.
Commercial: "For what reason are you here?"
Commercial: "Because it is my purpose."
Commercial: "Atori—enhancing your life with modern power."
I gazed absentmindedly at the TV like the other people around me.
It was playing a commercial I'd seen a lot lately for the Magi device manufacturer Atori.
The commercial ended and the news appeared on the screen. At around the same time, I began to overhear a conversation in a nearby hallway.
Woman/Akeno: "Whaddya mean he can't see me, hmm?"
Young Doctor: "Like I said, the doctor is seeing a patient right now...! You'll have to wait a little longer..."
Woman/Akeno: "Unlike you, I had to take the time outta my busy schedule to come all the way over here, so hurry up and lemme see 'im, blockhead!"
The white-robed physician had no idea what to do before this person who spoke in violent tones unusual for a woman.
It looked like other people had noticed this conversation as well, since several pairs of eyes were gazing in their direction. But as if they'd all agreed on it beforehand, everyone shortly turned their eyes away.
I stood up and headed over to their location.
Haruto: "Umm, this is a hospital, so maybe you should be a little quieter..."
Woman/Akeno: "Huh? You want somethin'...?"
She turned a sharp, intimidating glare at me, not hiding her enmity at all.
Haruto: "I don't know your circumstances, but there's no need to shout, is there?"
Woman/Akeno: "Aw, fuck off. Can't you see I'm working here?"
Young Doctor: "I-I'll tell the doctor...!"
Woman/Akeno: "H-Hey, you get back here!"
The doctor ran off, pretending not to hear her, I suppose.
Woman/Akeno: "Tch, the dipshit got away. The hell are you gonna do to make it up to me?"
Haruto: "I'm sorry, but the doctor got your message. Can't you just wait a while for him?"
Woman/Akeno: "Didn't anybody teach you to never believe anything a politician or a doctor says?"
Haruto: "Who would teach me that? I've never heard anything like that before. Well, a friend of mine might've said similar things about politicians, though."
Woman/Akeno: "Same shit with doctors. They think they're special just 'cause they got a bit more pride in their pointless knowledge than everyone else, but it's always the weak who suffer from their mistakes."
Haruto: "I'm sure some doctors are bad people, but couldn't you say that about everyone?"
Woman/Akeno: "You just don't get it 'cause you're a little brat."
The woman sighed as she leaned against the wall.
Woman/Akeno: "The difference between adults and kids is that adults have no time to spare. Even as I stand here talkin' to you, time might pass the same way for both of us, but it's worth far more to me. Get it?"
Haruto: "I get that I'm not working, so I can't use my time to make money."
Woman/Akeno: "There's that, but the biggest difference of all between adults and kids is that time is chasin' us."
Haruto: "Chasing you...?"
Woman/Akeno: "Adults always worry about the time no matter what they're doing. To do this, I have to sacrifice that. Every day, we sell what limited time we have piece by piece."
Woman/Akeno: "But you students, you're different. You've got more time than you know what to do with, yeah?"
Haruto: "We do have more free time than adults, I'd say."
Woman/Akeno: "It isn't free, though, that's the thing. Since you've got so much of it, you can't even use it efficiently."
Woman/Akeno: "You think it's okay to just have fun every day, so you waste time with whatever without thinkin' too much about it..."
Woman/Akeno: "...Or you waste time gatherin' up all the knowledge and experience you can to find out who you are or somethin'. That's all a student can do with their time."
Haruto: "Find out who you are..."
Woman/Akeno: "Even though there's no answer to that question!"
Woman/Akeno: "Both the president of a powerful nation and some homeless guy in the park... lookin' at 'em from far away, they're nothing but a single human bein' on this planet."
Woman/Akeno: "Stupid people wanna believe that everythin' has a meanin', so that there's some guarantee that they belong in this world."
Woman/Akeno: "Like hell it does! D'you think there's a meanin' in me standin' here givin' you this speech?"
Haruto: "If you told me something interesting and I changed the way I thought because of it, wouldn't that be meaningful?"
Woman/Akeno: "Are you kiddin'? You think there can be meanin' in every little diversion to pass the time?"
Woman/Akeno: "If you change your worldview 'cause of that, then you're just gettin' things backwards. You're glorifyin' it after the fact only 'cause you're lookin' for meanin'."
Haruto: "Uh huh..."
Woman/Akeno: "Yep, I'm just tryin' to piss you off. If I managed that, I'm satisfied. So? How about it? You're thinking like, 'it's just my luck some shady chick's roped me into this crap,' aren'tcha?"
Haruto: "No, that's not true. Well, I do think you're a little shady."
Talking to her, I was indeeed forced to admit she wasn't a very normal person, but I didn't find the conversation to be annoying in the least.
Woman/Akeno: "Heheh, so you're not just weird, you're too honest for your own good {and} have no idea when to shut up. You get this a lot, right? 'You're a dumbass.'"
Haruto: "I don't. And I don't think there's anything wrong with being honest, either."
Woman/Akeno: "You're an interestin' kid. Well, brats should be stupid and run their mouths, 'cause you can't do that when you grow up."
Haruto: "Huh?"
Hina: "Ah, Onii-chan#♪"
Hina slowly walked over, waving at us.
Hina: "I'm sorry# You were waiting a long time, weren't you#?"
Haruto: "Nah, not at all. It's important that they take all the time they need to make sure you're okay, Hina."
Woman/Akeno: "......"
Haruto: "Oh, this is my sister... Uh, is something the matter?"
Until now, the woman had been the very picture of arrogance, but her face was frozen as she looked at Hina.
However, her composed smile returned in a flash... so quickly I wondered if I'd only imagined the change.
Woman/Akeno: "Makes sense. I knew about the possibility, so I shouldn't be surprised."
Woman/Akeno: "I see, so you're her. Christ, this is bad for my heart. Guess it's a small mercy we're in a hospital."
Haruto: "Do you know Hina?"
Woman/Akeno: "Nope, never met 'er. She just looks a little like somebody I know. Don't worry about it."
Hina: "Onii-chan, where's Daddy#?"
Haruto: "Oh, I think he'll be back soon. We'll be going, then."
Young Doctor: "M-My apologies! The doctor told me to let you through right away!"
Woman/Akeno: "'S what I said, isn't it? Just take me there already."
Young Doctor: "Y-Yes ma'am...!"
Woman/Akeno: "......"
Young Doctor: "I-Is something the matter...?"
Woman/Akeno: "Nah, it's nothin'. There's no meanin' in it, and if there were, it'd just be a coincidence brought about by human greed."
Young Doctor: "Huh...?"
Woman/Akeno: "Just get going already, or do you want me to separate your head from your shoulders?!"
Young Doctor: "Eeee...!"
Haruto: "Okay, Hina, I'll see you later."
Hina: "Mhm, see you, Onii-chan#"
It was already lunch break by the time we arrived at school. After parting with Hina, who was in a different grade, I headed through the halls toward my classroom.
When I was just about to reach my destination, I stopped, having heard footsteps approaching. It didn't take long for a figure to burst out from around a corner.
???: "Aaah?!"
Haruto: "Whoa!"
I'd caught her in my arms to soften the collision, but since I knew she was coming, I didn't end up on the floor.
Haruto: "You okay? It's dangerous to run in the halls."
Because of the height difference between us, I could only see the top of her head.
Her hair flowed counter-clockwise.
Her face quickly rose and familiar, determined eyes met mine.
Asahi: "I'm in a hurry. I can't slow down right now."
Haruto: "Ah, you're—"
I couldn't forget her, of course. It was Rikudou Asahi, who left such a strong impression on me yesterday and who was now looking reproachfully up at me.
Asahi: "I'll apologize for running into you, but I have somewhere I need to go."
Asahi: "So let me go. I can hardly breathe."
Haruto: "Oh, I-I'm sorry...!"
I hurriedly backed away.
Asahi: "Don't worry about it. See you."
Ignoring my confusion, Rikudou Asahi disappeared in the direction of the entrance.
Haruto: "...Class is starting soon. Is she going to make it?"
I don't know her circumstances.
Before worrying about other people, I should take care of myself. I need to tell Yumi-sensei I'm here now.
It would be a lie to say I wasn't curious, but since I'd arrived late, I didn't have the time to waste worrying about it.
Akatsuki: "Heya, Haruto, were you okay yesterday?"
Haruto: "Morning, Akatsuki."
I found Akatsuki right after entering the classroom.
Akatsuki: "I was surprised when I heard you got into an accident."
Akatsuki: "It isn't like you to get yourself caught up in something if it's not to protect someone else."
Akatsuki: "No, wait, it could have been an attack by a mysterious organization that doesn't appreciate all the things you've been doing..."
Haruto: "It wasn't anything like that. There was a blackout, and I got hit by a car that just happened to crash as a result."
There had been no time for my brain to order my body to avoid it, and the car had become a weapon, crashing into me.
That's where my memories of last night cut off. After I was taken to the hospital, I was brought home, but I don't remember any of it...
Oh...
An image bubbled up from deep within me, along with a jolt like electricity.
Why did I forget this...? Because I hit my head in the accident...? Whatever the case, I wasn't mistaken in what I saw.
That figure, bleeding into the night sky as if another moon was hanging there...
That was the "Collector" everyone's talking about that I saw, wasn't it...?
Akatsuki: "Heeey, Haruto? You're not developing some bad idea again, are you? Not today, okay? We've got our exam right after this."
Haruto: "Oh, that's right. I've gotta go see Yumi-sensei."
Akatsuki: "You should probably hurry. She's in charge of the exam, so she'll probably head to the testing site right after the break."
Haruto: "Yeah, I'm gonna go swing by the faculty room."
I found the person I was looking for on my way there.
Haruto: "Oh, Yumi-sensei."
Yumi: "Are you already feeling better, Haruto-kun?"
Haruto: "I hit my head a little, but I was examined at the hospital and they said everything's fine."
Yumi: "Alright. Please get ready for your exam, then. There's still some time until it's our class's turn."
Yumi-sensei took her eyes off me and glanced around at the students nearby.
Haruto: "Is something wrong?"
Yumi: "Haruto-kun, do you know Rikudou Asahi from class B?"
Haruto: "She's the one who fell from the roof yesterday, right? What about her?"
Yumi: "She's got her magic exam coming up, but apparently she's disappeared."
Yumi: "She causes trouble pretty regularly already, so if she boycotts today's exam..."
Haruto: "If she boycotts...?"
Yumi: "Well, she'll get in trouble, that's for sure. In the worst case, she could be expelled."
Haruto: "Expelled..."
When I passed by her earlier, she said she had somewhere she needed to be.
But is that somewhere more important than her exam? If she's not aware of how serious her situation is, I'd feel a little bad about not letting her know.
Haruto: "I got it. I'll find her. Aren't you busy, Yumi-sensei?"
Yumi: "I am, but... I'm not sure how I feel about leaving this to you."
Haruto: "Why?"
Yumi: "Don't you understand that you have your own exams to worry about? You're not gonna get away with missing them to go look for her, you know."
Haruto: "It's fine. I'm sure I'll find her."
Yumi: "Even if you don't, you'd better get back here. You'll be in trouble otherwise."
Since that's settled, I should really hurry. She might still be near the entrance.
Haruto: "I'll be right back, then!"
Yumi: "Hey! No running in the halls!"
I headed outside after her, but I couldn't find Rikudou Asahi anywhere.
Haruto: "I wonder where she went..."
It was still lunch, so there were a few other students outside too. I asked some of them if they'd seen her, but I didn't obtain any worthwhile information.
Haruto: "So, she's... not around here."
I headed behind the school where there was a lot of greenery, but I didn't see any students at all, let alone Rikudou Asahi.
Haruto: "Did she leave the school?"
There are always security guards at the entrances. You shouldn't be able to leave campus without a teacher's permission before classes are over...
Haruto: "Oh, did she go through that hole?"
At the back of the school, where there aren't many people... there's a hole in the wall that someone can just barely squeeze through. I accidentally broke the wall a few days ago, and she passed through the hole yesterday.
If she had business outside of the Academy, I imagine she must have used it.
Black Cat: "Meow!"
Haruto: "Whoa?! Oh, just a cat...?"
The cat slipped past me, having leapt out of the bushes as if frightened by something.
Haruto: "Is someone in there...?"
Maybe it's Rikudou-san. What could she be doing back here, though...?
No, I've learned that it's wrong to use common sense to interpret her behavior. If Rikudou Asahi says that a black cat is white, it'll become the truth... for her, at least.
Haruto: "Ouch."
The leaves scratched against my hair and my clothes, but I put up with the pain and parted the bushes.
I'd been hoping to find Rikudou Asahi there, but found my expectations betrayed instead.
The train came out of the long tunnel into the snow country...
Of course, I hadn't gone through a long tunnel, and this wasn't the snow country.
But a sentence from that famous story had come to mind because it had felt like I'd passed through a tunnel into a different world.
???/Riku: "......"
Her small mouth opened slightly. It was a sign that she'd soon speak.
I was fascinated by the sight of her soft lips. It was like a painting, which had stolen my heart in an instant, had suddenly gained life and was about to move...
I was standing on the line between reality and fantasy, and I couldn't look away from her, because I needed to figure out where I was.
???/Riku: "For what reason—"
A clear voice, delivered to me on the sounds of the wind...
I couldn't disturb her—I didn't know why, but I definitely felt that way.
???/Riku: "For what reason are you here?"
The words of the girl from the painting passed through my ears and settled in my heart.
The phrase was familiar to me. It was a line in a commercial. I knew that there was a follow-up line, too.
I didn't know why she'd produced that line here and now.
But I felt like I needed to answer her... so my response came naturally, even if I was a little bewildered.
Haruto: "...Because it is my purpose, maybe?"
If there's such a thing as a destined meeting, I think it'd go something like this.
====================B006.TXT====================
I'm not like Akatsuki... I'm not very good at being tactful. I usually can't think of anything to say, and even when the lines are supplied for me like this, I hesitate to say them.
I won't deny that I was a little caught up in the moment, but it's also true that I needed a little courage, too.
And as a result, I saw the girl's face clouding with not only bewilderment, but a little bit of resentment too.
Haruto: "W-Was that... wrong...?"
She didn't deny or rebuke me, but I sensed a distinct pressure directed at me through her gaze. I'm not sure why, but she was clearly wary of me.
???: "...What did you come here for?"
Haruto: "I'm looking for a girl. Uhh, physically she's small, but she somehow leaves a pretty big impression... Er, I'm sorry, that's not very helpful, is it..."
Haruto: "Her name is Rikudou Asahi... Have you seen her around here?"
I realized I should have started with her name. Rikudou Asahi's a pretty well-known name on campus, and only giving this girl my own impression will just confuse her.
???: "......"
Haruto: "Umm... did I do something to offend you...? If so, I'll apologize."
Her expression hadn't changed since asking her where Rikudou-san was.
Wariness and dismissal—they emanated from her as if she had no intent at all to hide them. Though I was the one who'd suddenly spoken to her, so I could understand if she thought I was being a nuisance.
It seemed to me, though, that there was something else in her eyes that couldn't be explained that easily.
???: "......"
Haruto: "Sorry for disturbing you."
???: "I don't know any Rikudou Asahi."
I'd half-given up on getting an answer to my question, so I was a little surprised by her response.
???: "But the girl who was just here a minute ago might be who you're looking for."
Haruto: "Huh? Really? Do you know where she went?"
The girl pointed at a corner that led around the back of the school. The hole in the school wall should be around there.
???: "She seemed to be looking for a cat."
Haruto: "A cat? I wonder if it's the one I just saw."
???: "No. She mentioned a cat that was white as snow with no impurities."
Haruto: "White as snow with no impurities?"
???: "Don't ask me to explain. They weren't my words."
Haruto: "...Now that you mention it, that does seem like something Rikudou-san might say."
???: "Actually, she mentioned going to a church."
Haruto: "A church? Why there?"
???: "......"
No answer. I guess she doesn't know any more, though there probably aren't too many people who can understand Rikudou Asahi's thought processes anyway. Actually, I haven't met one yet.
Haruto: "Thanks for your help. I'm sorry for bothering you."
???: "Just one thing..."
Haruto: "Huh?"
I didn't want to continue provoking her, so I wasn't planning on staying any longer, but it was her voice that stopped me.
???: "Can you tell me where you were last night when the power went out?"
Last night... it hadn't been long enough for the vivid memories to fade. It hadn't even been a day since the accident.
Haruto: "I was near the station, but I actually got caught up in a car accident. Luckily, I wasn't really hurt."
???: "......"
Haruto: "Is something wrong?"
???: "No, it's nothing. You should probably go after her."
Haruto: "Ah, yeah, you're right. I'll get going, then."
I don't have much time left before the exam, and just like Yumi-sensei said, missing it would mean I have my priorities all messed up.
I left the girl there and headed to the very back of the campus, following Rikudou-san.
I headed down the same path I'd taken yesterday to get to the church.
Remembering what had happened then, I was proceeding cautiously when I spotted the face I was looking for in the shadow of a car parked on the side of the road.
Haruto: "Rikudou-san!"
Upon hearing my voice, the object of my search looked up with a surprised expression.
Haruto: "I'm so glad I found you. What are you doing here? Our practical exam's just about to start."
Asahi: "I was overcoming the trial given to me."
As usual, she spoke in a way that made it difficult to understand.
Haruto: "I don't really get it, but don't you think that passing your exam is more important than passing your trial? We should head back."
Asahi: "That's not supposed to be some lame joke, is it?"
Haruto: "Of course not! Don't try to make it sound like I'm the one at fault here!"
Rikudou-san took a journal out of her bag and started writing in it with no regard for how I felt.
Haruto: "Is that a diary? You don't need to write in it right this second, do you...?"
Rikudou-san wrote with a serious expression on her face, as if she'd completely forgotten I was there.
I figured nothing I said would change her mind and decided to just wait until she was done. And that's when I realized...
On the clasp on the back of her diary, there was a band-aid. I'd understand if it were a sticker, but why a band-aid...?
Haruto: "Why is there a band-aid on it?"
Asahi: "?!"
It was a simple question asked out of curiosity... but when she heard it, Rikudou-san flushed red and began to get redder by the second.
Asahi: "Nn#####!!"
Haruto: "Sh-Should I not have asked?!"
She looked downwards, trembling like she was trying to contain her rage. I can't imagine why, but this must be something I shouldn't have brought up.
Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "Oh, I get it, the clasp is about to fall off. How did it break, anyway?"
Asahi: "It's your fault!"
Haruto: "Huh?! My fault?!"
It was an absolute bolt from the blue. I didn't even know she had this diary, as it was my first time seeing it...
But when I saw her hang her head again, tears in her eyes, I lost the will to insist on my innocence.
No matter the reason, making a girl cry isn't playing fair. Rather than giving her excuses, I should help her somehow.
Haruto: "...I could fix it if you wanted?"
Asahi: "Huh...?"
Haruto: "I think I could fix it if I had the right material. I could re-attach the clasp, or I could use some other kind of patch instead of a band-aid."
Asahi: "You could do that?"
Haruto: "I'm good at that kind of thing. We don't have a mom at our house, so my sister and I split the chores and stuff. Our dad's completely useless in that department, after all."
Rikudou-san's sour expression brightened. She was about to smile—so I thought.
But she returned to her usual expression soon enough... as though a flower bud that was just about to bloom had closed right back up again.
Asahi: "...I won't believe you just yet. There's always the possibility you could be deceiving me."
Haruto: "I don't trick people. That wouldn't be playing fair."
Asahi: "......"
Rikudou-san's candid eyes pierced through me.
It was like she was trying to see something invisible, and I, merely looking back at her, couldn't escape that gaze...
It felt like I might be sucked up into those eyes of hers—Hey, wait!
Haruto: "Whoa?!"
Asahi: "What is it?"
Haruto: "Uh, I was just surprised 'cause you got so close..."
Asahi: "I was trying to see the truth of your words, in case you were lying."
Haruto: "Still..."
We were close enough that our lips were about to touch. It was much too soon for me, with my lack of experience.
Haruto: "A-Anyway, we've gotta get back to the Academy."
Asahi: "Alright, I'll do as you say."
Haruto: "Thanks. I'm saying it for your sake, you know..."
Well, I've completed my objective for the time being.
If we don't get back soon, the exams are gonna start.
Rikudou-san and I left the entertainment district and hurried back to school.
I shot off my magic at the randomly appearing targets.
When I hit a target, it would fall down and a new target would appear.
This practical magic exam measured your accuracy, output, and the time it took to activate your magic...
Akatsuki: "So? What was Rikudou Asahi doing out there anyway?"
Haruto: "I guess she was looking for a cat, but I never really got the details."
Akatsuki: "Didn't you come back together? You didn't ask her about it then?"
Haruto: "I asked, but I didn't really understand what she said."
I didn't forget to shoot off my magic even as I chatted with Akatsuki. My fireballs flew off toward the targets 30 meters away.
Akatsuki: "You've got ten more seconds."
Haruto: "Roger."
The targets popped up and disappeared quicker toward the end of the test.
I had to increase the pace of my shots to match.
I released my strongest attack at the final target. The blue fireball flew straight toward its destination, hitting it right in the center like I'd planned.
Akatsuki: "Should have expected that much from a hero who protects peace on Earth. Regular Joes like us are no match for you."
Haruto: "I'm not that impressive. There are plenty of people with better magic grades than me."
Akatsuki: "Uh, it's pretty impressive to take down every target almost perfectly while holding a conversation."
Akatsuki: "Take a look around, man. Everyone's watching you."
I did what he said and realized all the students waiting their turn really had been watching me.
Haruto: "You don't think it's just 'cause blue flames are unusual?"
Akatsuki: "Something that special is another requirement for being a hero."
Yumi: "Next up is Kokuryuu-kun. Begin."
Akatsuki: "Yes ma'am! I can't believe I have to go after you."
Haruto: "Good luck, Akatsuki."
The buzzer sounded and the machine started again. Targets began to pop up.
Akatsuki: "Phew..."
Akatsuki closed his eyes and concentrated... A magic circle appeared before his hand, which he held up in front of him.
Water spilled out from the center of the circle, pouring its way toward the target.
It looked like it was flying straight toward it, but it only grazed the target.
Haruto: "Stay calm, you've still got plenty of time left."
After a little while, the ending buzzer sounded and Akatsuki's exam was over.
Haruto: "Good work, Akatsuki."
Akatsuki: "Yeah, I just can't do it like you can. I barely managed to do above average."
After our exams, Akatsuki and I chatted in a corner of the testing area. We could hear other students discussing their results as well.
Haruto: "Well, I do worse on the written test. I have to get a good score here."
Akatsuki: "Your knowledge depends on the time you put into your studies, but magic aptitude will never increase all that much just by working at it."
Akatsuki: "Without thinking too hard about it, it should be obvious which is more important."
Akatsuki's expression looked a little forlorn.
Akatsuki: "Hey, it's nothing for you to worry about, Haruto. Not your fault or anything."
Akatsuki: "I just think about it sometimes, you know? If I've only got this half-baked talent, maybe having none at all would actually be better."
Akatsuki: "I was expecting a little more from myself before I started at the Academy. Ignorance is bliss, right?"
Haruto: "Akatsuki..."
Akatsuki: "If I couldn't use magic at all, I probably wouldn't be so annoyed with my dad's expectations of me."
Akatsuki's dad is a professor at a university. He objects to the way so much control is placed over magic at present.
He believes the current regulations should be relaxed.
The majority of people now don't have any complaints about our current system, but there are two groups who do.
One is the group Akatsuki's dad belongs to, the "magic liberation faction."
The other is a group that denies the very existence of magic, the "anti-magic faction."
These people don't appreciate magic in the slightest and think any use of it should be forbidden.
While they both disagree with the current system, they couldn't be more dissimilar.
Haruto: "Come to think of it, when's your dad's lecture? It's soon, isn't it?"
Akatsuki: "It's tomorrow. At the event space in the mall. I've gotta help out with it."
???: "Aaaaaah!!"
"Should I help too?"
...I was just about to ask that when my words were drowned out by a scream.
Male Student B: "Waaaaaaaaah!!"
Male Student C: "Hey, what are you doing?!"
At a glance, I could tell it was an unusual situation. The student in the middle of the commotion was clearly not in his right mind.
Male Student C: "Gwah?!"
The students who approached him out of concern were blown away by magic wind.
Not only that, but there was wind blowing all around the student who was acting strange, and everyone around him was running away.
Just when I thought that I had to do something, I felt Akatsuki grab my arm.
Akatsuki: "What's your plan here? You're not gonna burn him to a crisp, are you?"
Haruto: "But if this keeps up—"
I couldn't think of a plan. Akatsuki saw right through me, which is why I couldn't shake his hand off now.
While everyone was running away from the danger, there was just one person who did something completely different.
Haruto: "Yumi-sensei?!"
The out-of-control student was in the sights of her gun barrel.
She wouldn't... shoot in order to stop him, would she?
There must have been something special about the bullets loaded into her gun, because a magic circle was forming at its tip. She looked past it, and with her eyes alone signaled for me to stay out of it.
Male Student B: "AAAAAaaaaaaaaaah!!"
A gunshot... and an instant later, an impact. But the cyclone didn't let up, instead turning into a conflagration raging around the student.
Yumi: "You'll be alright. Just bear this, okay?"
Yumi-sensei tucked away her gun and lowered her stance.
The moment Sensei's fist made contact with the student, the flames raging around him transformed to ice.
Male Student B: "?!"
He let out a short yelp and then collapsed, unconscious.
Yumi: "Everybody calm down, it's alright now. Could someone go get another teacher for me?"
While everyone else there panicked, Yumi-sensei alone kept her cool.
All I could do was watch.
With the end of our practical exam, we returned to the classroom to wait. 
Yumi-sensei was dealing with the commotion from earlier and hadn't yet returned.
Akatsuki: "Man, that was really incredible though."
Haruto: "Yeah, it was."
Everyone was conversing amongst themselves as if we were in a break in between classes, since Sensei wasn't there.
And most of us were talking about what had just happened during the exam.
Akatsuki: "Not to quibble when you're agreeing with me or anything, but I'm guessing the two of us have entirely different ideas about what exactly was incredible about it."
Haruto: "Huh? What did you think was incredible, Akatsuki?"
Akatsuki: "Well, Yumi-sensei's magic, of course."
Haruto: "Huh, really?"
Akatsuki: "I love how all that gets out of you is a 'huh.'"
Akatsuki: "Magic that can change magic attributes? That's the whole reason Yumi-sensei's categorized as an Expert."
While people who can use magic are already a level above ordinary, there are several different classifications of Casters too.
Most are categorized as "Novices," which are basically regular people who with their best effort can do nothing but produce magic, and "Rookies," who can control it to a certain degree.
Then there are Casters who can do large-scale magic or have some special skill that differentiates them from other people. These are categorized as either "Agents" or "Experts."
Supposedly there are only a handful of people who are categorized above all these: the "Masters."
The headmaster is rumored to be a Master-class Caster, but I've never actually seen him use magic.
Haruto: "Yeah, that is incredible."
Akatsuki: "Lemme ask, then: what were you surprised about? I hope it's more incredible than what I just explained."
Haruto: "Well, I wouldn't really say one is more impressive than the other, but... I thought it was incredible how she didn't hesitate at all."
Haruto: "She shot her magic at a student in order to save him. She could have really hurt him if she messed up, but she didn't hesitate one bit."
Akatsuki: "That's just 'cause of all her experience. Yumi-sensei works for BURST too, so she specializes in dealing with situations like that."
Haruto: "Still, I really do think it was incredible. It was like looking directly at the gulf between us, since I couldn't do anything at all."
Akatsuki: "Listen, son. The two of us are still young. You don't need to be so down on yourself; just keep workin' at it and you'll be as impressive as any adult in time, you'll see."
Haruto: "But Yumi-sensei's not that much older than us, is she?"
Akatsuki: "Ah... was she two years older than us? Well, it's stupid to compare yourself to a genius who skipped grades on her way to graduating early."
While we were discussing Yumi-sensei, the woman herself opened the door and strolled inside.
Yumi: "Sorry for keeping you all waiting."
Haruto: "Yumi-sensei, what happened to him?"
Yumi: "He's fine. They took him to the hospital, but he's not hurt that badly, so he should be able to come back soon."
Sensei stepped up to the podium and addressed the whole class.
Yumi: "So don't worry too much, okay?"
Yumi: "Don't say too much to the kids in other classes either, alright? We don't want any weird rumors spreading."
Haruto: "Did you figure out why that happened to him?"
The student was clearly behaving strangely even from an outsider's perspective.
We've been trained to be very careful with our magic use. He should have known not to fire his off at random like that.
That means there had to be some reason for him to end up that way, but...
Yumi: "We're still investigating the particulars, so I don't want anyone spreading around their theories, okay?"
And that was all Yumi-sensei had to say to us.
She left the classroom in a hurry as soon as homeroom was over.
The room returned to its usual clamor when only the students remained. Some stayed to chat and some began packing up to go home.
Haruto: "Should we get going too? Want to stop by somewhere?"
Akatsuki: "Mm, nah. I'm not really in the mood today."
Haruto: "No? Is something wrong?"
Akatsuki: "It's nothing important. Sometimes people just want to be alone."
Haruto: "You think so? I don't feel like that very much."
But if Akatsuki feels that way, I'll let him be.
I got my bag and left the classroom before him.
Figuring I'd go home with Hina, I sent her a text, but I got a reply saying she'd already arrived at home.
Homeroom had ended later than usual due to that disturbance during the exam, so there were a lot fewer students heading home at this time than usual.
Maybe I should try to have some alone time once in a while, like Akatsuki said.
I headed to the entrance, looking to go home, and found some figures lingering around the gate.
From the uniforms, it looked like three male students were surrounding one female one.
I was sure it was nothing nefarious, but I glanced their way as I passed all the same.
I opened my eyes wide when I saw the face of the girl hidden behind the boys.
???: "...Ah."
Our eyes met. I was sure of it now. It was the girl I'd met behind the school at lunch.
???: "I have business with him."
She said to the boys around her, and walked over to me.
The boys looked at me appraisingly and left, wearing disapproving expressions. I wonder if they were trying to pick her up.
In that case, she chose me over the three of them...?
No, no, if they're a three-of-a-kind, I'm like the 6 of clubs you'd hope to draw so you can make four. I'm not confident I could win a bet against them.
???: "Umm..."
Haruto: "Y-Yes! 6 of clubs here!"
???: "Huh...?"
Haruto: "Ah, no, it's nothing...!"
I panicked and said something weird. She was looking at me dubiously.
???: "Could you tell me your name?"
Haruto: "Ah, err, it's Haruto. Mutsumi Haruto. Can I ask yours?"
Riku: "...Atori Riku."
Haruto: "Huh? Atori, like...?"
Riku: "It's exactly as you imagine."
Atori Riku... the name, at least, I was familiar with.
I'd heard from Akatsuki that the only heir of Atori, the Magi device manufacturer, attended the Academy along with us.
Haruto: "I see, so that's why you said that."
Riku: "Said what?"
Haruto: "You know, from the commercial. 'For what reason are you here?'"
Riku: "......"
She looked at me like she had drawn the 2 of spades...
I don't know why, but Atori-san appears to be very angry. Let's change the subject.
Haruto: "Wh-What were you up to here?"
There was no special meaning behind the question. I just picked the first inoffensive thing that came to mind.
Atori-san, however, gave me an unexpected answer.
Riku: "I thought I'd find you if I waited here."
Haruto: "Huh...? You were waiting for me?"
Riku: "Yes."
Calm down, don't panic, I won't be fooled!
There's no way a cute girl like this was here waiting for me. As proof, that sort of thing has never happened before.
Which means she must have some ulterior motive.
Like, maybe she was tasked with luring me out so someone can kidnap me, and there's some guy lurking nearby wearing a bunny mask. There was a scene like that in a movie I saw recently.
Riku: "Could I have a moment of your time?"
Haruto: "N-No way! You're just saying that so you can kidnap me, right?! I'm sure of it."
Riku: "Huh?"
Haruto: "Er... you're not?"
Riku: "Of course not. Please keep your nonsensical outbursts to a minimum."
Haruto: "...I'm sorry."
She got mad.
Riku: "Why did you think I was going to kidnap you?"
Haruto: "That was the only reason I could think of for you to talk to me."
Riku: "You really thought you were going to be kidnapped?"
Haruto: "Mhm."
Riku: "...Isn't it strange that you're trusting me now, then?"
Riku: "Even if I were planning on kidnapping you, I wouldn't just tell you that to your face."
Haruto: "Th-Then you really are?!"
Riku: "Please stop talking. I can't humor your delusions forever."
Haruto: "...O-Okay."
She got mad again. I guess she's more hot-tempered than the impression I had of her at lunch. Not that I'm not at fault here, I'm sure.
Haruto: "So, why were you waiting for me?"
Riku: "...I'm interested in you. Do you mind chatting a little?"
Interested? This girl is? In me? Does that mean what I think it means?!
Riku: "If you don't want to, I won't insist."
Haruto: "Th-That's not it! Actually, I was bored all by myself, so I'd love to...!"
Riku: "Is that so? Let's take a walk, then. We can talk on the way, and I wouldn't want anyone watching us."
Haruto: "Okay!"
I never thought a day like this would come for me! And with such a cute girl, too!
Ecstatic and with no way of calming myself down, I walked alongside her on cloud nine.
???/Asahi: "Mutsumi Haruto!"
Haruto: "Yes?"
I turned around reflexively at the voice I heard behind me.
When I saw the figure standing there dauntingly, the stupid smile on my face melted away.
Asahi: "I was looking for you. You weren't in your classroom!"
Haruto: "R-Rikudou-san...?!"
Her small frame rose and fell with every breath she took. She must have been running around looking for me.
Haruto: "What is it? Did you need something?"
Asahi: "What do you mean 'what is it'? You promised to fix my diary."
Haruto: "Ahh... err, I'm kinda busy today..."
She glared at me as though I was a liar. Her eyes were kind of incredible, actually.
I did tell her I'd fix her diary, but I never said I'd do it so soon. I'd still be keeping my promise if I did it tomorrow, right?
But seeing Rikudou-san looking so despondent, I couldn't bring myself to argue.
If someone right in front of me is in trouble and I'm the only one who can help them, then I have to.
Haruto: "...Wait just a second."
I consulted Atori-san on the best plan I could come up with under the circumstances.
Haruto: "Atori-san, can I ask you a favor?"
Asahi: "Dashing through the snow, in a one-horse open sleigh, o'er the fields we go, laughing all the way♪"
Rikudou-san's head bobbed left and right to the music playing in the streets.
Asahi: "Bells on bobtails ring, making spirits bright, what fun it is to ride and sing a sleighing song tonight♪"
Haruto: "Hey!"
Riku: "I'm sorry, but could you can it for a moment?"
Haruto: "Jingle beh..."
She cut me off right at the good part. It was a little disappointing.
Haruto: "What's wrong, Atori-san? Don't you want to go to Jingle Bay?"
Riku: "......"
Haruto: "Ah, I'm sorry... for messing around."
Riku: "It's already cold enough outside without you singing about snow."
Haruto: "Rikudou-san was doing it, so I kinda got in the mood too, you know?"
Asahi: "When you hear that song in winter, you have to sing along. It's a rule."
Asahi: "Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way♪"
Riku: "......"
Perhaps sensing that protesting wouldn't get her anywhere, Atori-san merely looked away disinterestedly.
Haruto: "Sorry, did that upset you?"
I took a glance at Rikudou-san singing merrily, then tried to gauge Atori-san's mood from her expression.
Riku: "Not really. It's got nothing to do with me."
Haruto: "My bad. I said I'd go with you first."
We'd come to the shopping mall, Agartha's largest place of commerce, in order to buy materials for fixing Rikudou-san's diary.
The main street was decorated with different kinds of ornaments and lights than usual due to the Christmas season.
Atori-san hadn't wanted to go anywhere in particular, so she was alright with coming, but... I doubt she expected Rikudou-san to be tagging along with us.
Riku: "Umm, can I ask you something?"
Haruto: "Yeah?"
Riku: "Would you mind not calling me by my last name? I prefer going by my first."
Haruto: "Ah, I get it, you are famous, after all. Then... how about 'Riku-chan'? You're a year younger than me, right?"
She gives off a very composed impression, so she doesn't really seem like she's younger than me. Maybe it's not helping that I'm kind of comparing her to Rikudou-san.
Riku: "...I don't mind."
Haruto: "Then you can call me 'Haruto'. All my friends call me that."
Riku: "......"
Haruto: "U-Uh, was that a little presumptuous of me?"
Riku: "...Not really."
Like she said, her expression didn't look displeased as she gazed off ahead instead of at me.
To be more precise, it looked like she had no interest at all in the conversation.
I was reminded of the way she'd looked at noon, and it made me kind of nervous, like us walking beside each other now was just an illusion.
Asahi: "Hey, how much farther is it?"
Rikudou-san looked up at me from the opposite side. I guess she's done singing.
Haruto: "We're almost there. There's a crafts store around that corner."
Haruto: "You can pick what color string you want to fix it with, and they've got patches and stuff too."
Asahi: "I'm so excited! Do you go to this store a lot?"
Haruto: "Sometimes, I guess. My dad tends to rip his coat at his job, so I go when I have to fix his clothes, or when I want to make an apron or something for my sister."
Haruto: "We don't have a mom, so I'm the only one who can do that stuff for her."
Asahi: "It's wonderful that you value your family. You should."
Haruto: "Do you have any siblings, Rikudou-san?"
The conversation was going well, so I'd asked the question lightly, but upon hearing it, Rikudou-san's face clouded over. She regained her cheer soon enough, though.
Asahi: "I had a brother once. But I can't see him anymore. I can't see my mom and dad right now either."
Asahi: "But I'm alright. I'm not sad. When I overcome all my trials, I'll be able to see them again."
I hear that word from her so often... and it would be easy enough to ask her what it means at this point in the conversation.
But I hesitated, since hearing that about her family made me think I shouldn't pry into it.
I just got the feeling that asking her about it wouldn't be right... wouldn't be playing fair.
Asahi: "Oh, hey, is that it?"
Our destination appeared before our eyes. It looks like a crafts store from the outside too, so Rikudou-san realized right away.
Haruto: "Mhm, let's go in, then. What do you want to do, Riku-chan?"
Riku: "I'll wait here."
Haruto: "Got it. We'll be quick, then."
We came all this way, so she could have come in with us... I was thinking that, but I also accepted her words pretty easily.
Maybe I was expecting her to say something like that.
I'd really feel bad keeping her waiting for too long, so we should hurry.
Asahi: "Dashing through the snow, in a one-horse open sleigh, o'er the fields we go, laughing all the way♪"
Rikudou-san sang merrily, clutching the bag to herself like it was her first-born child.
She had seemed happy earlier too, but this time it was like her excitement was turned up about five notches.
Asahi: "Bells on bobtails ring, making spirits bright, what fun it is to ride and sing a sleighing song tonight♪"
Haruto: "Hey!"
Asahi: "Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way♪"
Riku-chan didn't cut me off this time.
She eyed the shops as if to make obvious her disinterest in us.
Asahi: "Hey, what are we gonna do now? When are you going to fix my diary?"
Haruto: "All my tools are at home, so I have to go back there first."
Asahi: "Let's go to your house, then."
Haruto: "Huh? You're coming over? If you give me the diary, I can fix it and give it back to you at school tomorrow."
Asahi: "No. This diary is more important than my life. I don't trust you yet, so I can't hand it over."
Is she worried I might look inside? Or is it the diary itself that's important to her, since it was a gift or something like that?
But as long as Rikudou-san insisted, I couldn't just take it from her.
Haruto: "But Riku-chan's here too."
Riku: "Please, pay me no mind. It'd be a waste of time to stick around any longer anyway."
Yikes... Is she mad...? I really shouldn't have brought along another girl, huh...
Judging by her attitude, she really doesn't seem to care, just like she says. She doesn't seem all that angry.
But she definitely doesn't look satisfied at the time we've spent together, either. I'm sure she wasn't having any fun.
It wouldn't be right to part like this. I thought as hard as I could and looked around, trying to find something for us to do... and caught sight of a gaudily-decorated arcade.
Haruto: "Who wants to hang out at the arcade?! I do!"
I suggested, raising my hand right away.
But...
Riku: "I'd prefer not to, as I have no interest in it whatsoever."
Asahi: "Hurry up and fix my diary."
Swing and a miss.
Haruto: "No interest at all...?"
Riku: "What are you looking so dejected for? If you want to go so badly, why don't the two of you go? I'll be heading home, though."
Haruto: "There wouldn't be any point in that."
Riku: "Why not?"
Haruto: "You were waiting for me, and we agreed to go somewhere together, but I haven't been able to do anything for you..."
Haruto: "Anyway, I feel like it wouldn't be right to say goodbye like this... it wouldn't be playing fair."
Riku: "I'm not sure I understand what you're so concerned about, but you appear to be laboring under a misunderstanding, so let me clarify."
Haruto: "What?"
Riku: "People often tell me I seem angry, but I'm really not. I'm just disinterested."
Riku: "I'm sure it's more natural for students our age to think the way you do."
Riku: "In other words, I'm aware that I'm the one who's behaving strangely. Those in the majority are held in higher regard, so you're in the right here."
Haruto: "Just because you're in the minority doesn't mean you should be treated worse. I... don't know how to say this, really, but I feel like I need to do something for you, Riku-chan."
Riku: "Haahh... I see you're more trouble than I thought. Though I bet Akeno-san'd get a kick out of discussing you."
I definitely feel as though there's something I have to do, though I'm unclear as to what.
But if it's something that would bother Riku-chan, then I'm going about it all the wrong way. I wouldn't be playing fair in just pushing my way of thinking onto her.
While I was debating whether to abandon the idea or not, I got some backup from an unexpected source.
Asahi: "I don't mind going."
Haruto: "Rikudou-san...?"
Asahi: "You suggested it after taking the time to consider, didn't you?"
Asahi: "Then you can't give up on it so easily. If you really want to do it, you should follow through."
Asahi: "I want you to fix my diary as soon as possible, but... if this is your conviction, Mutsumi Haruto, then I'll assist you."
Haruto: "Thank you, Rikudou-san!"
The situation took a sudden turn, as it was now two against one. We've got the majority, but we still can't ignore Riku-chan's feelings.
Haruto: "Then, how about we don't go inside, but take a picture instead?"
I pointed at the photo booth in front of the arcade. It was currently occupied by a group of girls getting their picture taken.
Haruto: "It won't take too long, and we don't have to go in the arcade to do it."
Asahi: "That sounds good. We'll have a picture to remember today by. I think it's wonderful to have proof of your memories like that."
Haruto: "What do you think, Riku-chan...?"
She looked between me and the arcade with her usual monotonous expression, but then gave a little sigh.
Riku: "...If you'll let me go after that. I suppose I was the one who invited you out in the first place, so I should probably do at least this much."
Haruto: "Alright! Let's go get in line, then!"
Riku: "......"
While there was still an unbridgeable gap between our levels of enthusiam, I've at least completed my objective, if only in a small way. Everything might not be cleared up just yet, but it's better than nothing.
We lined up and waited our turn.
Haruto: "Have you two done this before?"
Asahi: "I haven't."
Riku: "Not interested."
Haruto: "So you've neven taken them with your friends? I thought girls were into stuff like this."
Asahi: "Well, I don't have any friends."
Riku: "I have no acquaintances with those tendencies."
Haruto: "......"
I shouldn't have asked. My only relief is that the two of them don't seem to have any hard feelings about it. In fact, I seem to be the most upset, as I'm lost for words.
...No, there should be something I can do. If I've got time to berate myself for asking that question, it'd be more worthwhile to try and make up for it.
Haruto: "Well, we're friends now. They say when you meet once, you're friends, and when you meet every day, you're siblings, right?"
Riku: "I've never heard that in my life. It'd mean a lot of people lying about their family trees."
Asahi: "Do you want to be friends with me, Mutsumi Haruto?"
Haruto: "If it's alright with you."
Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "No good...?"
Rikudou-san put her hand to her chin and fell silent, her face looking grave. However, she suddenly raised her head and looked up at me.
Asahi: "If you possess a truly strong and unwavering heart, then I wouldn't mind being your friend."
Asahi: "But I don't know yet if you're qualified to make the journey with me to the Land of Dreams."
Haruto: "Er, the Land of Dreams...? Does that have something to do with being friends...?"
Asahi: "So I'm going to find out. If I make sure you have a pure, strong heart, we'll become true partners."
Asahi: "It's a good idea, isn't it?"
Haruto: "Uhh... I don't really get it, but sure, that's fine."
To be honest, I didn't understand what Rikudou-san was saying, but when I saw her satisfied smile, I decided not to worry about it.
Asahi: "Oh, it's our turn."
The girls who'd been using the booth passed by us, chatting excitedly.
We passed under the curtain into the booth.
Haruto: "Riku-chan, you need to scoot closer or you won't be in the picture."
Riku: "It's unreasonable to expect three people to fit into this space."
Asahi: "Hey, this is cute, don't you think? I like this one."
Haruto: "Yeah, I'm fine with that."
Asahi: "It looks like there are all sorts of settings you can choose between. What should we do?"
Riku: "I don't care. Just get it over with, please."
Asahi: "You should care. These things should be decided properly."
Riku: "It doesn't matter to me. If you're going to make this take forever, I'll just push the button."
Riku-chan reached out and touched the cabinet with her pointer finger.
Haruto: "...What are you doing?"
Riku: "I was trying to get this over with... Huh? This isn't the switch?"
Haruto: "That's the nose of a cat painted on the booth."
Riku: "......"
Haruto: "Are you not very good with machines, Riku-chan?"
Riku: "I don't want to talk to you right now."
Haruto: "Oh, okay."
Asahi: "What does this button do?"
Giving Riku-chan a sidelong glance as she stared bitterly at the cat, Rikudou-san skillfully manipulated the touchscreen. When she pushed a certain button, something strange happened to our image.
Haruto: "Whoa?! Our eyes got bigger?!"
Asahi: "So that was a button to create a false identity."
Haruto: "You look really funny, Riku-chan."
Riku: "......"
Haruto: "Right, I'm sorry."
Unlike the Riku-chan on the screen, the real Riku-chan's eyes spoke to her emotions much more eloquently than her words could. To put it simply, she was telling me to shut up.
Asahi: "This won't work. There's no point in a fake picture."
Riku: "I'm leaving."
Presumably out of patience, Riku-chan tried to leave right when Rikudou-san finished fiddling with the controls and the "photograph" button appeared.
Haruto: "Wait, wait! We're almost done, Riku-chan! Hurry and push the button, Rikudou-san!"
Asahi: "I hope today becomes a precious memory for all of us."
Haruto: "Okay, everybody smile!"
Haruto: "I'm home#"
Hina: "Welcome back# Oh, Rikudou-san's with you."
Haruto: "You two've met, Hina? Oh, right, you came to bring me my wallet yesterday, didn't you?"
Asahi: "......"
When I turned around, I saw Rikudou-san scowling at Hina.
Haruto: "Rikudou-san?"
Asahi: "It's nothing. Hurry and fulfill your duty, won't you?"
Haruto: "Right, just sit tight in the living room."
I wonder if something happened while I wasn't around. Hina's smiley as ever, though, and it's not like I usually have an easy time figuring out what Rikudou-san's thinking.
I was curious, but I still went to get the things I'd need to fix her diary.
Asahi: "Ah! Ah! Oh no, not there...!"
Haruto: "Could you be a little quieter, Rikudou-san? What if I slip?"
As we sat in the living room, Rikudou-san's eyes were locked on my hands as I mended her diary.
Haruto: "I'll just do this, and... there, it's done."
Cutting the remaining thread with scissors, I finished my sewing.
I'd just sewed on a patch, but it seemed to match the diary's design pretty well, so I felt like I'd done a good job.
A cute cat was doing a firm job clasping her diary shut despite its sleepy-looking face.
Asahi: "This is amazing!! I had no idea you had such a wonderful ability!"
Haruto: "Huh...? You're making way too big a deal out of it. I'm glad you seem satisfied, though."
Asahi: "I'm very satisfied, and I've changed my opinion about you. You're one of the chosen few. I'm certain of it."
Rikudou-san showered me with praise. I don't think it's normal to speak this highly of someone even if they've saved your life. I'm worried she'll start saying I'm a god if she keeps going.
Haruto: "Well, it's getting late, so I'll walk you part of the way home. Look after the house, okay, Hina?"
Asahi: "Wah#..."
Rikudou-san gazed at her diary, her eyes sparkling.
I waited a little while for her to return to reality before leaving the house.
Asahi: "Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way♪"
Rikudou-san's singing echoed through the silent streets as if to cover them in Christmas lights.
Haruto: "Huh? Weren't you only supposed to sing that when you hear the music?"
Asahi: "You can sing it when you're happy too."
Haruto: "I see. Not very strict rules, huh?"
Asahi: "Hey, Haruto, I want to know more about you. Tell me."
Haruto: "About me...? It's kind of sudden, you calling me by just my first name... Not that I mind, of course."
Asahi: "Well, we're partners on a journey to the Land of Dreams together. You should call me by my first name too, Haruto."
Haruto: "Then... Asahi...-san? Asahi-chan? Neither really feels right..."
Asahi: "Just my name is fine. We're partners, so we should be equal with each other."
Haruto: "Then... Asahi."
Asahi: "What is it, Haruto?"
Haruto: "Th-This might be kind of embarrassing until I get used to it. Are you okay with it, Rikud... Asahi?"
Asahi: "Why are you embarrassed? Have you never had anyone call you by your name before?"
Haruto: "Of course I have... just not a girl."
Asahi: "It's the same for me. You're my first too, Haruto."
Haruto: "You've never gone out with anyone before? I hear you're pretty popular."
Asahi: "I have no interest in foolish people captive to their impurities and greed."
Asahi: "But you're different, Haruto. Let's struggle to overcome our trials together."
Haruto: "Hey, I've kinda been wondering for a while, but what are these 'trials' exactly?"
Asahi: "You have to overcome trials to reach the Land of Dreams."
She looked at me as though her answer should have been obvious, and it didn't look like she was joking.
Haruto: "Er... then what's the 'Land of Dreams'?"
Asahi: "A peaceful world without any impurities or grief. Everyone is happy there."
Haruto: "I think everyone would want to go there if a place like that existed. But we can only live in this world, so we have to face reality and do everything we can to make the best of it."
Asahi: "That's not true. The Land of Dreams is real. I know it exists."
She sounds sure of herself. Of course I know in my head that it couldn't possibly be real, but listening to her talk, I almost started to have doubts.
It was then I finally realized it. What the confidence, or strength of will, or whatever it was that l felt from her was.
Rikudou Asahi will never yield. No matter how people look at her, she'll follow the path she believes in. That's at her very core, I think.
Haruto: "There are times when I too can't see what's around me, but I'll never compare to you, Asahi."
Asahi: "It's alright. I'm confident we'll both be able to overcome our trials, Haruto."
Haruto: "When you say it's gonna be alright, it sort of feels like it really will be."
I'm sure it'll be alright. I really do get that feeling. If there's any problem, it's that I'm not entirely sure {what} is going to be alright.
Asahi: "If you're ever in trouble, I'll help you out. There are times when one person can't accomplish something, but two can find a way."
Asahi: "Just like you fixed my diary, I want to be there to help you overcome your trials, Haruto."
Haruto: "Yeah, we should help each other out when we're in trouble. Oh..."
Asahi: "What is it?"
"Your moral compass is so strong that it directs the people around you"—I remembered something Akatsuki told me once.
I wonder if it's my fault Asahi's saying things like this.
Asahi: "Haruto?"
No, even if my sense of right and wrong could spill into other people, Asahi's so full of her own convictions that nothing else could possibly influence her.
I'm sure Asahi's one of those overflowing people herself. I'll have to tell Akatsuki that I'm not the only weirdo like this.
Huh...? Come to think of it... if everyone thinks of Asahi as a weirdo, then do they think of me that way too...?
Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "Whoa?!"
Before I realized it, Asahi's face was right up in front of mine.
Haruto: "Wh-What are you doing?!"
Asahi: "I was trying to find out what you were thinking."
Haruto: "I-It was nothing important..."
Our faces were almost close enough to touch, so I tried to pull back, but Asahi's hands stopped me. She held both of my cheeks, preventing my escape.
Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "A-Asahi... I'm fine, so could you let me go...?"
Asahi: "You're okay. Your eyes don't look clouded."
I guess that was enough for her. She smiled and released me.
Asahi: "Doubts cloud people's eyes. And clouds can eventually breed impurities."
Asahi: "Talk to me before that happens, alright? I'll make them clean again for you."
Asahi stepped back in my confusion and jogged over a crosswalk. I guess this is as far as I have to take her.
I watched as she trotted across the street. When she'd cleared the crosswalk, she turned around again.
Asahi: "May good fortune find you!"
She gave me a big wave, then ran off once more.
Haruto: "We... are friends now, right?"
From divine punishment to good fortune, eh? I've moved up in life... So I thought as I looked down at the hand I'd used to wave to Asahi.
====================B007.TXT====================
Haruto: "I'm home#"
My second homecoming of the day. Before coming up to the house I checked his parking space, but Dad's car wasn't there. Guess he's not back yet.
Haruto: "Hina? You there?"
That's strange. Normally she'd be doing some housework, and she'd welcome me home when I came in.
Maybe she went out shopping, but it's already dark out. I'd be worried if she went on her own.
...And now I'm worried.
Haruto: "What should I do... Should I look for her nearby...?"
Haruto: "Whoa?!"
Suddenly everything went dark and I lost my balance.
The world was all black for a little while, but I gradually became able to pick out the silhouettes of our furniture.
Haruto: "A blackout?"
I used the moonlight to make my way over to the window. I was starting to get enough of a grip on the situation to realize what was going on.
Haruto: "Looks like it. Nobody else has power..."
As far as I could see, the neighboring apartments and street lights were all dark.
Hina: "Aaaaah?!"
Haruto: "Hina?!"
Hina's scream cut through the darkness and the quiet...
Even if I couldn't see her, I wouldn't mistake her voice. I was sure it was Hina.
I acted quickly after comprehending what I'd heard, and headed straight in the direction her voice had come from. I still couldn't see much, but didn't have any trouble moving through the familiar rooms of my house.
Haruto: "Hina!!"
When I opened the bathroom door and stepped inside, I was met with warm, moist air.
I didn't see Hina. But now I was sure of her location.
Haruto: "Hina!"
I slid open the door to the bath and stepped into the heat-filled room.
The power came back on at the same moment that I opened the door.
Haruto: "Hina, are you okay?!"
Hina: "Oh, Onii-chan, welcome home#"
Haruto: "You screamed!"
Hina: "The power suddenly went out and I was so surprised I almost fell, but I'm okay now#"
Haruto: "You are... Thank God..."
Hina: "Good thing it came right back on# You're okay too, right, Onii-chan#?"
Haruto: "I'm totally fine. I was so worried about you, though... I'm really relieved that you're okay."
Hina: "That's right, Onii-chan, do you want to have dinner#? Or take a bath#? Or do you want to eat pudding#?"
Haruto: "I can take my bath later, since you're having yours now. It looks like Dad'll be late, so..."
Haruto: "Waaaaaaaaaaah!!"
Hina: "What is it, Onii-chan?"
Hina's taking a bath.
Th-That's right, Hina's in the bath right now.
Everyone bathes naked. Hina's naked. Hina's naked in front of my...
Haruto: "I-I'm sorry!! I was so panicked I didn't realize!! But I didn't mean to at all!!"
I finally realized the gravity of the situation and shut the door to the bath after a quick glance at Hina's puzzled face.
Hina: "I'm almost done# Then we can eat#"
Haruto: "...Nah, I'm gonna go cool down. I'll be right back, though."
Hina: "Okay, see you#♪"
Haruto: "Phew# I really screwed up there..."
I wandered the nighttime streets, swallowed up in a whirlpool of self-loathing.
Before I knew it, I'd returned to the spot where I'd parted with Asahi earlier.
Haruto: "What am I doing back here?"
I'd rather talk with someone than mope around on my own at times like this. I took out my phone and dialed Akatsuki.
Haruto: "...He's not answering."
When it rains it pours—that phrase ran through my head.
You never knew when your streak of bad luck would be over with.
Haruto: "Whoa?!"
My vision filled with the headlights of a car as it sped past me at a ridiculous speed.
Haruto: "That's dangerous... You might crash driving like that. You're not playing fair."
It's a crosswalk with no traffic light, so it's not as if it's entirely their fault. I definitely shouldn't have been spacing out here.
But it's a rule to slow down at crosswalks, and that car didn't seem to have any intent to follow that rule.
For a moment... an image flashed across my mind.
It was so slow it almost went frame-by-frame, but the car, as if an embodiment of violence, was slowly but surely coming closer toward me.
And...
Haruto: "Brrr... I remembered something scary."
I wasn't trying to dwell on it, but I guess the impact left its scars more on my mind than my body.
Haruto: "I should get back. Hina's probably waiting for me."
I'll buy some of the pudding Hina likes at the convenience store before I go home.
I gazed up at the moon in the night sky to shake off those bad memories.
But that just made me remember the masked figure standing under the moonlight, so I decided to look straight ahead as I walked off.
====================B008.TXT====================
After breakfast, I heard the door opening while I was getting ready for school.
Yuuji: "I'm home. Hey, just leaving?"
Haruto: "Welcome back. Were you working until now?"
Yuuji: "Yeah, I decide to take half a day off once in a blue moon and this happens."
Haruto: "Since you had to work all night, does that mean there was some sort of trouble?"
Yuuji: "Well, there's certainly no shortage of dumbasses looking to cause it. I'm gonna rest until noon and then I've gotta take off again."
Haruto: "I know your work is important, Dad, but your health is important to us too. Don't push yourself, alright?"
Yuuji: "Don't compare me to some rookie, stupid. I've trained myself for this. It's not gonna get me down."
Haruto: "Accidents aren't polite enough to call up and warn you before they happen. There's no harm in being careful."
Yuuji: "If they've got the guts to show up in front a' me, I'll give 'em a warm welcome."
Haruto: "Hey, have you seen Akatsuki?"
Male Student A: "Nah, not today."
The first bell had already rung and the teacher could be walking into the room at any moment, but there was still no sign of him.
Haruto: "I wonder what's up. Is he skipping today?"
Male Student A: "Why don't you call him and ask?"
Haruto: "He's not answering. It's weird... normally he'd tell me if something was going on."
Male Student A: "He's not standing you up on a date, man. Don't worry about it."
Haruto: "I guess..."
Male Student A: "Oh, but maybe he's jealous. You were off having fun without him, weren't you?"
Haruto: "Jealous?"
Male Student A: "Somebody saw you walking around with a lady at the mall yesterday. And maybe that's not super surprising, but the problem is who you were with."
Haruto: "Problem?"
Male Student A: "You were with Atori Riku, right? The only daughter of the guy who runs Atori? She isn't any old girl."
Male Student A: "There's only one secret weapon at our Academy who can compete with her."
Male Student A: "And that's Rikudou Asahi. She rivals Atori Riku, if only in her popularity with guys."
Haruto: "They're not weapons, they're human beings."
Male Student A: "Wait, that's what you have an issue with, really? The problem here is how the heck you got so close to these two S-ranked final bosses."
Haruto: "It just happened, I guess."
Male Student A: "Are you an idiot? You're not gonna get away with saying 'it just happened'! Do you even realize how big this is? It's gonna shake the very foundations of our Academy!"
Haruto: "Will it?"
Male Student A: "I'd watch my back if I were you. Who knows how many jealous guys are thinking about teaching you a lesson?"
Haruto: "Huh?! Was that what that guy meant when he greeted me with a clap on the back earlier?!"
Male Student A: "See?! It's already started! What else could that possibly mean?"
Haruto: "I thought he might be telling me to keep my chin up for the rest of the day or something..."
Male Student A: "Nobody's that chipper this early in the morning, dumbass."
I had no idea. Now that he mentions it, I think I can sense some people stealing glances at me every so often.
Male Student A: "So? Just between you and me, what is going on between you three? I won't tell anybody, promise."
Haruto: "I'm exercising my right to remain silent."
Male Student A: "Tch, you're no fun."
Mostly it's just that I don't even know what our relationship is myself.
Furthermore, if I told him something now, I'm sure there'd be exaggerated rumors all over the Academy in no time. Even I know that.
Male Student A: "Oh, come to think of it, Rikudou Asahi was here before you showed up, actually."
Haruto: "Huh? What for?"
Male Student A: "She was sitting in your chair and looking out the window. After a little while she got up and left after getting this self-satisfied look on her face."
Well, I don't mind her sitting in my seat or anything, but I wonder what it means...
I tried pondering it a little, but soon gave up, since I was sure I wouldn't find the answer without asking her.
Yumi: "Alright, everybody sit down# I'm taking attendance."
Our teacher arrived and I returned to my seat.
Haruto: "Yumi-sensei, Akatsuki's not here. Have you heard anything?"
Yumi: "Kokuryuu-kun? I don't think I have, no."
If he hasn't contacted me or the Academy, I'm concerned something might have happened.
I'm worried, but Akatsuki's a lot smarter than I am about most things. He'd probably tell me to clean up my act before I start worrying about other people.
.........
Well, I'll keep checking my phone in case he does contact me.
At lunch... Somebody unusual called out to me while I was waiting for Hina in the Academy courtyard.
???/Inui: "You there."
Haruto: "Huh? Me?"
I turned around, holding the bread I'd bought in the cafeteria in both hands. There stood the headmaster, his stern look seemingly in contrast with how relaxed I felt.
Inui: "Having your lunch out here?"
Haruto: "Yeah, I was gonna eat with my sister."
Inui: "A meal under the blue sky. Sounds nice, but be sure to take your garbage with you when you leave."
Haruto: "I know. It's not right to throw your garbage anywhere other than a trash can. It's not playing fair."
Inui: "Playing fair, eh? You've got a very strong moral compass, just like I've heard."
Haruto: "Huh? You've heard of me?"
Inui: "Mutsumi Haruto, ninth class. A problem child who gets in trouble by using his magic all over the restricted zone."
Inui: "Your name comes up a lot in faculty meetings."
Haruto: "Er... umm... I'm really sorry."
Inui: "I'm not scolding you. From what I hear, your magic use doesn't violate any rules."
Inui: "You may have saved several people's lives, doing what you did. You should feel proud. Only a select few can properly wield their power.
It was my first time talking face-to-face with the headmaster, but he gave off a really dignified air. He seemed really solid, like a wall of stone.
Inui: "Your father's a commander in BURST. Did you inherit his moral compass?"
Haruto: "I tried to tell him that once, but he got mad and said 'don't blame it on me.'"
Haruto: "Wait, you know my dad too?"
Inui: "I've never met him in person, but a long time ago I did the sort of work he does now."
Inui: "That's what happened to my eye."
Haruto: "I-Is it?"
Everybody at the Academy seems to have a different theory about the headmaster's eyepatch.
One theory says that he's a former soldier and it's a wound he got after taking out 10,000 enemies by himself, and another says that he's a half vampire and that one of his eyes is red, or something...
Another theory says that he's actually got a bad case of eighth-grader syndrome and he just wears the eyepatch to look cool... 
All these arbitrary rumors were flying around, but the truth is that he got it carrying out justice, which is a perfectly respectable reason. And I doubt the sort of person those rumors described would have been able to become headmaster of the Academy.
Inui: "It's important to be true to your ideals, but you can't worry your father. Parents care more about their children than themselves."
Inui: "You won't understand that until you have a child of your own."
Haruto: "Do you have children, Headmaster?"
Inui: "I've got a daughter. She's around the same age as you."
Haruto: "Huh, a daughter..."
I tried to picture her.
.........
That didn't work. To be more precise, I imagined a girl who looks like a professional killer. I don't think I can envision her without more information than the headmaster's face.
Inui: "Just so you know, my daughter doesn't look a thing like me. We're not related, after all."
Haruto: "Oh, really?"
Inui: "Some people think that blood connection is important, but I don't agree."
Inui: "When you're really in trouble, it's not the bonds of blood you can count on, but the bonds of your heart. That's what I think, at least."
Haruto: "......"
Akatsuki said that headmasters tended to make sweeping statements that ultimately didn't have much meaning.
Now that I'm talking to him up close like this, to be honest, what he's saying isn't really hitting home.
Well, I don't know about other headmasters, but I'm sure Headmaster Inui says all this stuff based on experience. His words really do have weight to them.
That, at least, I was sure of.
Inui: "You'll understand one day."
He gave me a pat on the shoulder as he left.
Strangely, I absorbed the headmaster's words with ease. Maybe he's naturally persuasive, or maybe it's that he feels trustworthy...
Hina: "Thanks for waiting, Onii-chan!"
Haruto: "Oh, don't worry, Hina. I wasn't waiting at all."
Hina: "Hey, were you just talking to the headmaster?"
Haruto: "Yeah, we were talking about the bonds of the heart."
Hina: "The bonds of the heart?"
Haruto: "You'll understand one day too, Hina."
Hina: "...Hunh?"
The same words can have a different weight depending on who says them.
I was truly made conscious of that when I tried to copy the headmaster's example.
After all our lessons...
Even when school was over for the day, Akatsuki still had neither shown up nor contacted me.
Hina: "Oh, Onii-chan#♪"
Haruto: "Sorry for the wait, Hina."
Hina: "Mm-mm#, I wasn't waiting at all# Let's go home#"
Haruto: "There's somewhere I want to stop on the way."
Hina: "That's fine# Are we going shopping#?"
Haruto: "Yeah, we can do some shopping. I'm headed to the mall, after all."
Hina: "What do you want to buy?"
Haruto: "I'm not going there to shop. Did you know there's going to be a lecture there today?"
Hina: "Oh, was it Akatsuki-san's dad who was gonna talk#?"
Haruto: "I haven't heard from Akatsuki today, so I figured maybe he's helping set up for the lecture."
Hina: "Okay# Let's go, then# We can buy pudding for the three of us on our way home#♪"
There seemed to be more people at the mall today than yesterday.
Probably because of Akatsuki's dad's lecture. There's a little bit of time until it's supposed to start, but I can see people milling about as the staff help to set it up.
Hina: "There are a lot of people here# Is it 'cause Christmas is coming up, you think#?"
Haruto: "Maybe. I hope Santa comes again this year."
Hina: "There's no such thing as Santa# I know it's you who leaves presents by my pillow every year, Onii-chan#"
Haruto: "What?! You found out?! When?!"
Hina: "A long time ago# You know, I can tell when you sneak into my room at night, Onii-chan#"
Haruto: "N-No way... I thought for sure you hadn't found out..."
She'd slipped it naturally into our conversation, but I couldn't hide my shock.
Sometimes Dad's too busy to come home for Christmas, so I figured I needed to take care of stuff like this...
Hina: "You don't need to baby me, Onii-chan. I've grown up a lot#"
Haruto: "That's true. You are very responsible, Hina. I shouldn't treat you like a little kid."
Hina: "You should still bring me presents, though# I look forward to my Onii-chan Santa coming every year#"
Haruto: "Santa comes to good boys and girls, so he'll definitely come to you, Hina."
???/Ruu: "It's more romantic to think that way, isn't it?"
I heard someone's voice from behind us while Hina and I were discussing Christmas.
A girl wearing cute, frilly clothes was smiling at us.
???/Ruu: "It's more interesting to just say he exists if you can't prove he doesn't, after all."
???/Ruu: "When you solve all the mysteries of the world, all you're left with is cold, boring reality."
???/Ruu: "And so, it's better to imagine the world however you want."
The girl tilted her head, an innocent smile on her face.
Haruto: "I don't know if I really understand what you mean, but it is more fun to think positive like that."
???/Ruu: "It is. It's so fun, I give thanks every day for the miracle that I was born in this world."
???/Ruu: "You can change the world into whatever you wish. Everyone can."
???/Ruu: "When I realized that, all at once the desert that was my future became a field of beautiful flowers."
She sure says some strange things... but that was the most I thought of her, probably because of Asahi.
???/Satoru: "Is that you, Mutsumi-kun?"
I recognized the man that cut through the crowd and came up to us.
Haruto: "Hello, Mr. Kokuryuu."
Satoru: "It's been a while. Have you been well?"
I've met Akatsuki's dad a few times.
He's a university professor, and he appears as a commentator on TV sometimes. I remember him always seeming busy whenever we met before.
Haruto: "Oh, this is my sister, Hina. This is Akatsuki's dad."
I introduced them, since they haven't met before. When I looked around, that weird girl had disappeared.
Hina: "It's nice to meet you# I'm Mutsumi Hina#"
Satoru: "Nice to meet you. You're friends with my son as well, aren't you? Thanks for looking after him."
The subtle way he smiled gave off the impression of an intellectual.
Haruto: "I'm sorry, I know you're really busy, but I wanted to ask you something."
Satoru: "I wanted to ask you something too. You go first."
Haruto: "It's about Akatsuki. He wasn't at the Academy today, and I haven't been able to get ahold of him either. I came to see if he was here helping you out."
Satoru: "I see... the same question I had."
Haruto: "Then..."
Mr. Kokuryuu gave a little sigh, looking exhausted.
Satoru: "I can't get ahold of him either."
Satoru: "He was going to help me today, but he was supposed to come after school, since I didn't want him to miss class..."
Haruto: "He wasn't in class, though."
Satoru: "Right. What could that boy be doing..."
Haruto: "Maybe he got caught up in some kind of trouble, or an accident."
Satoru: "...Well, if I haven't heard from him by the time my speech is over, I'll go to the police."
Haruto: "That's probably a good idea. I'm sure my dad will help as much as he can, too."
Akatsuki didn't show up even after his father's speech began.
Satoru: "And that's why the way the government currently handles magic is wrong."
Satoru: "As long as magic is isolated, is treated as something essentially different, knowledge of it will never spread to the citizens. To us."
Satoru: "As a result of that isolation, we'll never eliminate the thinking that gave rise to the anti-magic faction."
Satoru: "Magic is the same as science. Every day there are new discoveries, new technology that continues to be developed."
Satoru: "We need to accept, to face this new power head-on if we are to continue progressing as a species!"
The applause he received for that last remark didn't quite match the enthusiasm in his voice.
Haruto: "You don't need to stay for this if you want to head home, Hina."
Hina: "I'm here 'cause I want to be with you, Onii-chan# You don't need to worry#"
Haruto: "Thanks, Hina."
???/Ruu: "We meet again, love-struck siblings."
With those conspicuous clothes of hers, I easily found that girl among the people listening.
Haruto: "Oh, it's you again."
???/Ruu: "Were you taking that speech seriously, by any chance#?"
Haruto: "I was seriously listening, but that's not what I came here for."
???/Ruu: "I knew it# There's no point in listening to stuff like this, after all."
Haruto: "Why do you think that?"
???/Ruu: "Well, it's true, isn't it? If you really want to change the world, there's no point in going about it this way."
???/Ruu: "War is bad! Let's solve poverty! An end to discrimination! ...Lots of people say things like that."
???/Ruu: "The vast majority of humanity shares those wishes, yet they don't show any signs of coming true, do they?"
???/Ruu: "If the president can't make them happen, and they still go on when even God has warned us against them, shouting about them up there isn't going to change anything."
???/Ruu: "If you want real change, you can't use your mouth. You have to use your hands. You have to take action."
Haruto: "But that's..."
Does that mean she doesn't think things can be resolved with words, without fighting?
I don't think it's right to stand up on a stage where power decides who wins when you can't expect much from words... it's not playing fair.
I was about to make that argument when there was a commotion around us.
Staff: "Hey, you can't go over the ropes!"
Somebody in the crowd was trying to get up to the podium.
I turned toward the commotion and found several staff members trying to hold the person back.
???/Akatsuki: "...Let me go."
I could clearly hear that short phrase, and it gave me a bad feeling about what was coming next.
Staff: "Aaaaaaaaaah!!"
One staff member was sent flying by a pillar of water, another pinned down under a wave of it.
After an instant of dead silence...
Screams erupted, spreading panic and causing the crowd to fall into chaos.
Haruto: "Akatsuki?!"
Why is he... Before I could think, my feet were moving.
I ran blindly forward, trying to reach him, but the fleeing crowd hindered my progress.
The Ring around Akatsuki's arm let loose a shrill warning.
Satoru: "Akatsuki! Do you have any idea what you're doing right now?!"
Akatsuki: "Of course I do. I can't take any more of this."
Akatsuki: "Words won't change anything. I have to act."
Haruto: "Akatsuki?!"
Akatsuki: "Hey, Haruto. Didn't think I'd find you here."
Akatsuki: "...No, that's not true. It's only natural that you'd be here."
Haruto: "Akatsuki, what are you saying...?! Don't do anything stupid!"
Akatsuki: "You brook no injustice. That's my hero, Super Haruto."
Akatsuki: "Your villain today... is me."
Akatsuki spoke as if it had nothing to do with him.
====================B009.TXT====================
A strange atmosphere had enveloped the mall plaza.
BURST squad members surrounded it from some distance away. The couple dozen people who hadn't managed to get away in time, including Mr. Kokuryuu, were being held here by Akatsuki.
Haruto: "Akatsuki, this definitely isn't right! It isn't playing fair!"
We were gathered in a corner of the plaza, our wrists bound with electronic handcuffs provided by BURST. This situation had been manufactured by Akatsuki.
Akatsuki: "Could you shut up for a second, Haruto? I'm not in the mood at the moment."
Akatsuki: "I think you understand, but if you don't do as I say, it's not you who will be in danger. It's the people around you."
Haruto: "Akatsuki..."
Hina: "You should do what he says for now, Onii-chan#"
Hina whispered to me from beside me.
Haruto: "But I have to stop him as soon as I can. {He'll} be in trouble too if I don't!"
As the plaza was already surrounded by BURST, there was nowhere for him to run. It was a matter of time until they resorted to force.
Satoru: "Why, Akatsuki...?! You know what'll happen if you do this, don't you?!"
Akatsuki: "Yeah, I'm sure they're making a huge deal of it on TV right now. How Kokuryuu Satoru's son is committing a magic crime and all."
Akatsuki: "I think society will come to understand exactly what will happen if magic is liberated."
Satoru: "Is that... what you're after...? Why— I've done all this for you—"
Akatsuki: "And I'm trying to tell you that I'm sick of all that!"
A scream echoed through the plaza, filled with more violent rage than I'd ever heard from Akatsuki before.
For a moment, it looked like he was putting more strength into his grip on the knife, but then he gave a long, shuddering sigh as if regaining a grip on his self-restraint instead.
Akatsuki: "...For {me}? Ah, that's right, you started advocating for this magic liberation crap around when I started being ostracized due to being a Caster, didn't you?"
Satoru: "Indeeed. Humans reject things beyond their understanding, full of envy and fear... It's not as bad anymore, but there are clearly still people who feel that way now."
Satoru: "If we want to destroy prejudice, we can't build walls. That's why we must lift the restrictions on magic."
Akatsuki: "So it's all for me. Is that right, Dad?"
Akatsuki gave a self-deprecating laugh.
Akatsuki: "Can you cut that out? No matter how much you expect of your son, he's not the kind of Caster who can answer those expectations in the first place. Figure that out already."
Akatsuki: "It was impossible from the very beginning. I don't have superior magical talent, or the character necessary to be a hero..."
Akatsuki: "So all I want is for magic to stop existing!"
BURST Member A: "Gwaaaaahh!!"
A burst of water engulfed a BURST officer who had been sneaking forward.
He slammed into a concrete wall—and the fissure that appeared in it showed how powerful the blow had been.
Another officer rushed up and dragged away the first one, whose arm was bent in an impossible direction.
Haruto: "Stop it, Akatsuki! This is wrong!!"
Akatsuki: "If you have objections, then put a stop to me. That is, if you can, tied up like that."
Haruto: "What happened?! You're not the sort of person who could do things like this, are you?!"
Akatsuki: "Don't worry. I don't plan on harming anyone else as long as you all stay calm."
Akatsuki: "I've already achieved my goal, after all. I'll leave the stage after giving the news crews some more material."
Haruto: "Akatsuki..."
Like he said, his deeds were already known to the populace. The police were here; it was obvious that Akatsuki would be arrested sooner or later.
I thought about how to save Akatsuki, but I couldn't figure out a way to make it so the situation had never happened.
???/Ruu: "Are you two friends?"
Haruto: "So you were stuck here too..."
The girl I'd spoken to during Mr. Kokuryuu's speech—I hadn't realized because of the commotion, but she'd been handcuffed and stuck here with the rest of us.
Haruto: "Akatsuki's... my best friend."
???/Ruu: "I see. It must hurt, being betrayed by someone so close to you."
Haruto: "I haven't been betrayed! Akatsuki's acting strange... Something must have happened to him."
???/Ruu: "Do you have any idea what?"
Haruto: "Well... no, but... but Akatsuki's not the sort of person to do something like this. I have to help him!"
???/Ruu: "You sure have a strong moral compass."
Satoru: "Akatsuki, I know I'm partly to blame. I was so immersed in my work that I didn't know you were struggling with these feelings. I should have taken more time to be with my family, as your father."
Akatsuki: "People make mistakes, and regret making them. Some learn from those mistakes, and change how they act."
Akatsuki: "But for the people who were hurt by those mistakes, whether you learn or change has no effect on them. What matters is only the outcome of your mistakes."
Satoru: "That's exactly right: you can't undo what's been done. You'll have to be punished for this crime as well."
Satoru: "But right now, if you regret it, if you learn from it, if you reform, there are things you can still take back."
Satoru: "I want to help you with that. It would be my atonement."
Satoru: "...Let everyone go. There's no reason for you to commit more crimes, is there?"
Akatsuki: "......"
I sensed a hint of indecision in Akatsuki's expression. Maybe it was just wishful thinking, but it looked that way to me.
Kokuryuu Satoru leads the magic liberation faction—If his son misuses magic to commit a crime, their whole position loses all of its persuasive power.
If that was Akatsuki's goal, he's achieved it already. Like Mr. Kokuryuu said, there's no reason to make the situation worse.
???/Ruu: "If you can't even achieve change by laying your life on the line, words will definitely never mean anything."
???/Ruu: "If you want to change the world in your favor, you need to act..."
I heard something snap—and just after that...
Haruto: "Huh...?"
The electronic handcuffs came apart and fell to the ground, leaving my arms free.
Next—something inexplicable happened while I was struggling to take in the situation.
Akatsuki: "Ah!! Gahh?!"
Haruto: "Akatsuki?!"
Akatsuki dropped the knife he was holding to his father's throat and groaned in pain, his eyes opening impossibly wide.
He lurched forward, holding his chest, and staggered back.
Satoru: "What's wrong?! Get ahold of yourself!"
Akatsuki slapped aside Mr. Kokuryuu's hand when he approached, concerned.
Akatsuki: "AAAAAAAAAAAAaaaah!!"
He roared like a beast, as if to release the agony that was gnawing at him.
Columns of water shot out from Akatsuki, bringing about indiscriminate destruction.
Haruto: "Hina, run away with everyone else!"
I couldn't imagine Akatsuki had the composure to keep us restrained here any longer. Everyone can get away now.
Hina: "What about you, Onii-chan?"
Haruto: "There's something I have to do. Hurry, go!"
Hina: "Don't do anything reckless!"
All the hostages ran after Hina toward where BURST was waiting.
Satoru: "What's going on?! Calm down!"
Mr. Kokuryuu resolutely approached Akatsuki amid the roiling waves. But that was a mistake.
Haruto: "Look out!"
Raging pillars of water crashed down on his head.
Panic slows your judgment, your actions—even if you're aware of this, it's hard to stay calm.
Still, I poured as much concentration as I could into generating magic. I couldn't waste a single second.
I let loose a fireball at the column of water—with a hiss, it evaporated, my magic and Akatsuki's canceling each other out. Mist hung in the air above us.
The Ring on my arm was warning me, but I paid it no mind and ran to Mr. Kokuryuu's side.
Haruto: "You're in danger, Mr. Kokuryuu! Please get out of here!"
Satoru: "I can't leave Akatsuki like—"
Haruto: "I swear I'll do something! So please run, Mr. Kokuryuu!"
He still wouldn't back down, but someone else was approaching us now.
Yuuji: "Get the hostages out of here now! Haruto, that means you too!"
Haruto: "Dad!"
In command of the troops in combat uniforms was my dad, who was wearing a familiar shirt instead.
Yuuji: "Team A! Permission to fire binding rounds! Team B, capture him when he's secure!"
Haruto: "Wait, Dad! That's Akatsuki! He'll understand if we just talk to him!"
Dad wouldn't listen to my desperate pleas.
Yuuji: "You've been watching him, haven't you? Does he look like he's in a listening mood?"
Yuuji: "Don't worry, we're not gonna kill him. We'll just knock him out with a Magi. If you understand, get back—"
BURST Member B: "Commander!"
Yuuji: "What is it?!"
BURST Member B: "Team A's Magi aren't functioning!"
Yuuji: "What?! What do you mean?! You can't possibly be telling me they've all gone useless at once, can you?!"
Sudden equipment trouble caused BURST's reaction to be delayed.
BURST was armed with Magi-modified guns—and for some reason, they'd all become unusable at once.
Yuuji: "Kohiruimaki's not here yet?!"
BURST Member B: "She's on her way!"
Yuuji: "Dammit! Team A, Team B, stand back for now. Team C, can you use your Magi?!"
BURST Radio: "No, they're also malfunctioning for some reason!"
Even through these short exchanges, it was clear how critical the situation was—and I couldn't ignore the next words that came from Dad's mouth.
Yuuji: "Team C, switch to regular rounds. Report when you're in position."
Haruto: "Dad, regular rounds? Do you mean—"
Yuuji: "There's no other option. We have to prevent the damage from escalating."
Usually, BURST uses guns that shoot bullets enhanced with electricity magic.
In exchange for their reduced killing power, they knock out their target with an electric current.
But the "regular rounds" Dad just mentioned are the old kind of bullets that specialize in inflicting harm to the human body.
So Akatsuki will—
Yuuji: "Don't worry, BURST snipers are good. They're trained to avoid inflicting lethal injuries."
Haruto: "Akatsuki's not a target on a shooting range! You can't tell me he's guaranteed to survive!"
Yuuji: "Our priority isn't the criminal, it's the safety of civilians. You understand that, don't you?!"
Dad wasn't wrong. Using your magic against someone else was against the rules, and offenders became the targets of BURST.
That's so that they can protect the people uninvolved—and it in itself is right.
But is it right for me to not do anything, and let Akatsuki get himself killed—
No, that's not playing fair at all!
Yuuji: "Hey, Haruto! Get back here!"
I had until BURST got their snipers into position. Considering they were the best of the best, I couldn't hope for them to waste any time.
Akatsuki: "...HarutooOOOOOOO!"
I couldn't abandon my best friend, who was clawing at his face in pain right in front of me.
Haruto: "What happened, Akatsuki? Just calm down! You can't use any more magic!"
Akatsuki: "AAAAAAAAAAAhhh!"
Just looking at Akatsuki, it was clear that my words weren't reaching him. It wouldn't be wrong to say he wasn't in his right mind, but it would be an understatement.
There was something extremely abnormal about him, so I wouldn't be able to persuade him. I would have to be a bit more forceful than that.
Haruto: "I want to save you, Akatsuki. If I'm a hero, like you say, then I should be able to do it."
Haruto: "If I can't help my friend, who's in pain right in front of me, how am I going to save the world tomorrow..."
I readied myself and kicked off from the earth—my aim was either to restrain or to knock out Akatsuki.
A long, thin blade of water split the concrete just in front of me.
Water shot at high enough pressures can even be used to process diamonds, so I don't think my body has a chance against it.
While I'm sure I wouldn't be alright if I was hit with it, his accuracy was low. Rather, it seemed more like he was shooting it off at random instead of aiming at me.
I only had a little bit of time.
I'd have one chance.
I lowered my center of gravity and moved quickly to close the distance between us.
Akatsuki: "...?!"
Even in his out-of-control state, he had to notice an attack coming right at him. But that's what I was after.
Akatsuki's magic raced toward me from point blank. For an instant, our magic intercepted each other—but I wasn't aiming at Akatsuki.
My fist hit the ground and flames roared up before me. The flames surrounded Akatsuki, evaporating his water attacks.
Akatsuki was under a dome of fire—for a normal person, the heat could kill them, but I imagined his specialty with water magic could easily protect him from the heat.
But the flames would burn through his oxygen, and I couldn't imagine he had a way to defend against that.
Haruto: "Wha—?!"
A huge stream of water shot out through the top of the dome of blue flames.
There's a large difference between the flames I use and the flames other Casters use. It's the temperature—if it's only a little bit of water, my flames would never be extinguished; the water would evaporate instantly instead.
But enough water to stand against my flames rose up above my head...
And I was swallowed by such an overwhelming flood that I couldn't even imagine getting away.
Haruto: "Glbh...?!"
The scenery around me warped as I was trapped in a soundless world.
I was floating in water, unable to move.
I was shut inside an enormous liquid prison.
Haruto: "Gh......"
I hurriedly closed my mouth to prevent my oxygen from escaping. I flailed about, trying to escape, but it was all futile.
Haruto: "Glbh—!"
My desperate resistance was all in vain, and soon I reached my limit and had to expel the oxygen in my lungs.
A throbbing warning was sounding from inside my body. My arms and legs started going numb.
It hurts, I want to breathe, I can't, it hurts, it hurts—
I have to get out of here...
But I can't do anything...
Water flooded into my defenseless body like enemy soldiers breaking through a castle gate.
That was the first time in my life I felt truly conscious of "death."
====================B010.TXT====================
Haruto: "Cough...! Cough, cough, haahh, haahh...!"
I regurgitated all the water that had been obstructing my windpipe.
I focused all my energy on taking in oxygen without worrying about appearances.
My head was heavy and pounding. My body wouldn't listen to me, as if it wasn't mine at all.
Haruto: "Haahh, haahh, haahh, phew....!"
With both my hands and legs on the ground, I used all the strength I had to take deep breaths. It felt like my brain cells were coming back online.
They say you don't know how much something is worth until it's gone, but I never thought a day would come when I'd be more thankful for the air around me than the earth beneath me.
As I resupplied myself with oxygen, the gears in my head started turning again. I must have been unconscious.
Everything around me was soaked, but the huge mass of water that had engulfed me had disappeared.
What happened...
Akatsuki: "GRAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!"
I whipped my weak legs into getting me standing again.
Akatsuki's still in pain, but he hasn't been shot by BURST yet. Fortunately, I had only passed out for a short time.
I have to save Akatsuki. And the moment I stepped forward to fulfill that desire—
A bolt of light shot across the black sky.
For a moment, my vision was filled with white.
Haruto: "Akatsuki?!"
If not for that arc of light, I wouldn't have understood what happened next.
Akatsuki's body was struck by lightning and collapsed in a powerless heap.
Before I could run to him, I saw the moon out of the corner of my eye.
When my eyes met with the person standing there, my feet stopped moving, like they'd turned to stone.
Haruto: "Huh...?"
The figure I'd seen at some point was reconstructed exactly as it had been before.
The sight was somehow ephemeral, otherworldly—maybe I was just imagining it, but that's what I felt.
???/Riku: "For what reason..."
Her voice was carried to me on the stillness of the night. Her eyes and the point of her weapon glinted ominously at me.
???/Riku: "For what reason are you here?"
The woman hiding behind the mask said that, her voice somehow familiar to me.
====================B011.TXT====================
The information's starting to come together.
The separated parts of this puzzle ring will be good as new if I can just piece them together too.
Will it lead to this incredibly vague "conspiracy" Kamidate is chasing?
Senri: "Hey... what is it that you want to do in this town?"
Senri: "You're working your hardest to cause trouble out there somewhere even now, aren't you...?"
Senri: "Isn't that right... Hood?"
Senri: "...How could I forget? These 'blackouts' are one piece of information too, aren't they?"
I decided to get out a flashlight just in case something happened before the power came back on.
You can still perform various daily functions even in the dark.
It happened when I was on my way back from my stock of hardboiled eggs, intending to sate my hunger.
Senri: "...Huh?"
Is this how it feels to find a crop circle, I wonder.
I turned around to find a bluish-white light tracing laser art in the air. I was truly surprised to see the sudden sight.
Senri: "I don't remember hiring an electrician..."
If I were on the bank of a river at night, I'd imagine this was the dreamlike scenery of countless fireflies flitting about, but in this dreary room, the sight was nothing but a bizarre phenomenon.
Senri: "Well, what's going to happen when I'm standing here looking ridiculous with hardboiled eggs in both hands?"
The arcs of light overlapped and collected in one place, and there was a flash I thought might blind me.
I couldn't see her face behind the mask.
Still, the hostility I could sense from it was enough to make me stiffen.
Her knees bent. She was about to jump—
It's survival of the fittest in this world, but when their safety is threatened, even the unfit don't give up until it's over.
Still, I couldn't move, as if my very instincts were telling me escape was impossible.
In that instant—the already dim illumination of the area went out completely.
I couldn't immediately grasp that a power outage had occurred.
It was pitch black. Even the light of the moon wasn't enough to see by. My eyes, unused to the darkness, lost sight of the Collector.
Haruto: "Now's my chance—"
The Collector can't have been expecting this blackout either. If so, she's lost sight of me just as I have of her.
Now's my only chance to save Akatsuki and get out of here—I can't waste this opportunity.
Haruto: "Huh...?"
My wish wasn't granted.
My noisy surroundings had quieted, seeming to notice "it" as well.
"It" was paused there as if it had been there from the very beginning, though that was impossible.
Immutable ideals
Dreams and reality"
It was fleeting, like snow, and echoed as if seeping directly into my brain—
As my eyes recovered from the flash, its silhouette leapt into my narrowed vision.
Senri: "Huh... So you really do exist."
Her glittering hair, shining like each strand was made of light, was long enough to reach the floor. It was a woman. A female spirit.
A spirit—I didn't make the comparison just because her feet floated above the ground. She was the very picture of the word, so far from reality that it had sprung to mind instantly to describe her.
Senri: "The apparition that appears with the blackouts—and what business do you have with me, exactly?"
I didn't sense any hostility from her, but remained alert all the same.
I was on edge instinctively, sensing a threat from her very existence.
She seemed almost an embodiment of some inexplicable {power}.
Senri: "......Want one?"
The otherworldly girl didn't take the bait I offered her, continuing to stare my way as if absentmindedly taking in the scenery.
Senri: "No answer, eh? Not surprised... Mgh... mgh... gulp."
I tossed an egg in my mouth, putting my brain working with some thorough chewing. Good. If I can eat an egg, I'm not paralyzed. I can move.
So... what exactly is this? An apparition? Maybe I've passed out on my feet and I'm dreaming. Hallucinating. No. I wouldn't dream about something like this.
Apparition/Noah: "Inner yearnings
Immutable ideals
Dreams and reality"
The sound was both a voice and not a voice.
I perceived the sound not with my ears, but from above my head, somehow. Each word was fleeting, like snow, and melted away as if it'd never been there in the first place.
Apparition/Noah: "Mistakes build up
All that is granted is tears"
It was a dissonant sound, but also the voice of a singing angel.
Apparition/Noah: "Neighbors gather
A sacrifice of loss and despair
The demise of a magnificent illusion"
The soothing melody gave me no time to interject, and though the words were incomprehensible, I was exceedingly displeased by how much they moved my heart.
Apparition/Noah: "In other words, setting sail into a new world
Raise a sinful toast"
It seemed at once contradictory yet consistent.
Only because... I was being moved by sensations not of this world.
Senri: "..."
The blackout came to an end. No, maybe it had minutes ago. The otherworldly girl had disappeared, as if she really had been a dream.
I searched the area she'd been floating over, but there wasn't single trace someone had been there, let alone a strand of hair.
How comforting would it be if the area was faintly cold, proving that it was a ghostly apparition like the rumors said?
I can't be carefree enough, however, to wrap up the whole experience with just the single word "apparition."
Senri: "Who's there?"
Ageha: "What! It's me! Sorry for interrupting your lonely fap session!"
Senri: "...What is it?"
Ageha: "Holy, holy, holyshiiiiiee...!!"
Senri: "Did you finally obtain the holy shield?"
Ageha: "I'm sayin' 'holy shit'! I'm so pissed! Just kill me already!"
Senri: "Lost all your data in the blackout, eh?"
Ageha: "You can't beat me to it, Sen-chan! Urghhh, I wanna die. I'm gonna drink until morning, so keep me company."
Senri: "You'll give yourself a caffeine addiction if you do that."
Ageha: "Caffeine? What are you talking about? Oh, coffee? I'm not drinking that mudwater anymore. I'm talkin' about alcohol! Booze!"
Senri: "Huh? You were obsessed. You were talking about roasting beans in an electric mill and going on about some home cafe thing."
Ageha: "Hm?"
Senri: "Huh?"
I dunno whether to call her capricious or a birdbrain, but maybe there is something to be learned from Ageha's behavior.
Right now, no matter what I do, I'm not going to come to a clear answer about this "apparition."
Ageha: "By the way, Sen-chan, you don't have the heat on, do you? ...Aren't you sweating a lot?"
No human being can cross between this world and the next, after all.
It was a "ring"—a "ring of people," and their expressions were so unified it was almost bewitching.
Their wills were all as one, no dissidence among them, which gave them all a singular individuality.
I could only maintain my individuality among this group because there were none among us opposed to our grand plan.
The quiet requiem being sung was producing a small reaction.
The faint light that seemed to signify both birth and death grew into a sense of satisfaction, soaking into the ring of people.
???/Ruu: "All is going according to plan... It's only a matter of time until the birth..."
Like a dried-up lake once again becoming a place of rest for living beings, when what we've desired for so long is realized, the hearts of the "human ring" will fill with reverence.
???/Ruu: "I can hardly wait..."
The echoes of our unending pleas reverberate directly in the heart, not through the mediation of any sensory organ.
No one can stop us—and no one can find us.
This dream amid a world were magic has become the norm is coming to an end.
====================B012.TXT====================
The thing with the human form (was it solid? Gas? I couldn't tell) was only before my eyes for a short while.
It was like the moon peeking out through a night sky covered by clouds—
It was there, but I couldn't see it anymore. Even so, I could feel its presence nearby.
???/Asahi: "Close your eyes."
In the jet black darkness, I heard someone's voice by my ear. A slightly colder hand grasped mine.
Suddenly the darkness was washed away by a bright light covering everything before me.
Even though I was warned and hurried to shut my eyes, the light was so bright it shone through my eyelids—
???/Asahi: "Run this way."
The situation was changing too quickly for me to keep up, so I couldn't find it in me to disobey the firm voice and the hand pulling me with it.
When I cracked my eyes open a little, I saw that it was Asahi running in front of me.
Haruto: "Haah, haah, wait a second!"
Asahi: "What is it?"
Asahi finally listened to me and stopped when we'd reached a street a little ways away from the mall.
The power had come back on and the streetlamps nearby faintly illuminated our surroundings.
Haruto: "Why'd we have to run away? And why are you here, Asahi?"
Asahi cocked her head and looked past me toward the mall. There was a crowd forming in that direction.
Asahi: "Alright, I can take a little time to explain."
Asahi: "I came to save you, Haruto. If you'd stayed there, you would have been in trouble. That's why we're running away."
Haruto: "Trouble...?"
What had just happened earlier immediately played back in front of my eyes.
The threat menacing me... It was hard to say it was totally unrelated to that.
Asahi: "If you get it, then run. We can't be sure you're safe yet."
Haruto: "N-No, seriously, wait—"
My sudden resistance broke the hold she had on my hand, and her momentum caused her to topple over forward.
Haruto: "A-Are you alright?!"
I ran over and helped her up.
Asahi: "Ngaaah!"
Haruto: "S-Sorry, I didn't mean to!"
Asahi: "...What {did} you mean to do, then?"
Asahi's face was bright red, but she didn't complain at all. It was clear from her expression that she was holding in some anger and embarrassment, though.
Haruto: "I don't think I should run off... My dad'll be looking for me."
Asahi: "You can just call your dad later."
Haruto: "...It's not just that. I'm worried about Akatsuki, too..."
Why did he do something like that... No, he explained his motives himself. Then what is it I want to ask him?
No matter his reasons, what Akatsuki did was wrong. The strong overpowering the weak is never right. It'll never, ever be playing fair.
Haruto: "......"
Asahi: "I think your friend will be fine, Haruto. I saw him getting up when I arrived."
Haruto: "Really...?!"
Asahi: "He looked like he was in pain, though. So I'm sure they'll take him to the hospital."
Haruto: "...But..."
Asahi: "Are there important words you need to say to him, no matter what?"
Haruto: "Important words..."
Asahi's question made me realize. Do I actually have anything to say?
Akatsuki is a precious friend of mine. That's the truth, and nothing will change it, but I can't forgive him for doing something so unfair.
Strange, ambivalent feelings swirled around and expanded within me. I was afraid I would lose sight of what was right and what was wrong, so I shook my head.
Asahi: "I'm sure he'll be fine. It's you who's in danger, Haruto. Come with me."
Haruto: "...Alright."
I gave in to Asahi's pushy request, using it as an excuse to shake off the guilty feeling that was gripping me.
Haruto: "So how far are we going?"
After we'd walked more than ten minutes away from the mall, around the city area, I asked Asahi that. I couldn't imagine we really had a destination in mind.
Asahi: "...Well, this should be far enough."
Asahi finally stopped after that comment and slowly took out her diary. The one with the cat clasp.
Haruto: "Huh? Are you writing in it now?"
Asahi: "I have to write now."
Couldn't she take her time writing in it at home?
But just when I'd thought that, she closed her diary after the pen had just made its way across the page.
Does that mean that all this had been so normal to Asahi that she didn't need more than a few seconds to write about it?
Asahi: "Why are you looking at me like that?"
Haruto: "I just thought that you didn't take long."
Asahi: "Well, I was just writing that I'd overcome my trial."
Haruto: "That you'd overcome your trial...?"
Asahi: "More importantly, you're not injured, Haruto? Does it hurt anywhere?"
Asahi's small hand touched my cheek.
Haruto: "I-I'm fine!"
Asahi: "Why are you so nervous? You're not hiding an injury from me, are you?"
Haruto: "No, it's just..."
Asahi grabbed both sides of my face and stared straight into my eyes, not taking no for an answer.
Asahi: "Don't look away."
Even if I didn't have anything to feel guilty about, I'm not such an adult that I can stay calm in a situation like this.
Haruto: "Really, I'm not hurt anywhere."
Asahi: "You're right. You don't lie, Haruto. Heheh."
Apparently satisfied, Asahi smiled and pinched my cheek. I gotta say, it feels really weird to have her treat me like a little kid.
Asahi: "That's right, don't you need to call your dad, Haruto?"
Haruto: "Oh yeah! I totally forgot!"
Asahi pointed out a terrible oversight on my part. I took my phone out of my pocket and dialed my dad.
After a few rings, I heard what was probably a lot of voices melding together into background noise.
Yuuji: "Haruto! That you, Haruto?!!"
Haruto: "Dad, it's me. Sorry I didn't call."
Yuuji: "Where are you?! Are you safe?!"
Haruto: "I'm in the city, with a friend. I'm not in any danger."
Yuuji: "Oh yeah?"
Even through the phone, I could sense how chaotic it was over there. Seemed like Dad was still at the mall.
Yuuji: "You goddamned idiot!!"
Haruto: "Whoa?!"
The sudden shout at my ear made me pull the phone away in surprise.
Yuuji: "You're involved in this case, you know! And even if you weren't, you think you can just disappear?! Everybody over here's freaking out thinking you might have been abducted!"
Haruto: "I'm sorry. I have no excuse."
Though he wasn't too far off with the "abducted" thing.
Yuuji: "...Well, your lecture can wait until later. We're busy over here cleaning up after this shit."
Haruto: "What should I do? Should I head to the station?"
Yuuji: "...No, go home for today. We'll do your questioning tomorrow. We've taken care of everything pressing for the moment, at least."
Everything pressing—even if he didn't explain what he meant by that, I got the feeling I knew what it was.
Haruto: "Hey Dad, is Akatsuki safe...?"
Yuuji: "I'd like to tell you not to stick your nose into this case... but I guess I can't really do that this time, huh?"
Dad's aware of my relationship with Akatsuki. The harsh tone he'd been maintaining all the while finally softened a little.
Yuuji: "We've arrested him. His life isn't in danger, but some officers are escorting him to the hospital. He's conscious."
Haruto: "...Did he say anything?"
Yuuji: "...Nope, though it may be more that he couldn't say anything. I think it'll be a while until he's really able to talk about this."
Haruto: "...I see."
Yuuji: "I've heard about his motives from his father. We'll wait until tomorrow to properly question him."
Haruto: "What about the Collector? You saw her too, right, Dad?"
Yuuji: "She got away, not that I saw her. She was just gone by the time I could see again after that freak flash of light. Probably took the opportunity to run."
We chatted a little more after that, and the conversation ended with the command to go straight home.
Haruto: "Come to think of it, what was that light anyway?"
Asahi: "That was my magic."
Haruto: "It was? So you use light magic, Asahi? Not many people can do that, can they? That's amazing..."
Asahi: "It's not amazing in the least."
Haruto: "Why not?"
Asahi: "I can't control it well. I can't adjust the amount of light or anything; it's just bright."
Haruto: "So you've got the aptitude, but not the control, huh? I've heard people like that just need some impetus to get good at their magic."
Haruto: "Some people have managed to gain control by making a sort of pose."
Haruto: "You've just gotta do something like that, I guess. It's the same theory behind the words you say when you use magic."
Asahi: "I don't mind if I can't control it well. What's important is that I overcome my trials."
Asahi: "You should really get home. I heard your phone call."
Haruto: "Yeah, you're right. I really don't want my dad any madder at me."
Asahi: "I'll walk you there, since I'm worried about you."
Haruto: "I'm pretty sure the boy's supposed to say that, but... you're right, let's go part of the way together, at least."
I set off next to Asahi. I felt like there were invisible beings weighing my legs down as I walked, asking me if it was really okay to be going home like this.
So I told them I'd done what I could. There's nothing else I could have done. And I averted my attention from the noise I heard with every step.
When I smiled at Asahi next to me, she returned the smile, and the little exchange made me feel a lot better.
====================B013.TXT====================
There we no classes at the Academy the next morning, but since I had to go in for questioning anyway, I woke up the same time as normal and had breakfast with Dad.
Yuuji: "Thanks for breakfast."
Haruto: "You're welcome."
Yuuji: "Can I ask one thing about what I just put in my stomach?"
Haruto: "What is it? Does my omelet rice taste bad?"
Yuuji: "No, I'm not gonna gripe about the taste. It was as good as it always is, since it's your signature dish."
Yuuji: "I was just wondering if you could do something about that whole writing a name on the omelet rice thing."
Haruto: "What? Of course I can't! It's not finished as a dish until you write a name on it!"
Yuuji: "...Can't you put yourself in the shoes of an old man like me?"
I'm pretty sure writing a name on omelet rice is a rule regardless of whether you're an adult or a kid.
Yuuji: "Well, whatever. Come on, get ready to go."
Dad grabbed the coat draped over his chair.
Yuuji: "I'm sure you're aware, but I want you to be honest when we're questioning you today, okay? No hiding anything. Lying will only make things worse."
Haruto: "I know. I just have to tell them everything I told you, right?"
Yuuji: "As long as you understand. It might be annoying for you to tell the story twice, but this is how things work."
Haruto: "We need to follow the rules. A detective's son can't just not cooperate with the investigation."
Yuuji: "I'd prefer if this detective's son would just not get involved in anything he needed to be questioned for, personally."
I followed Dad as he headed for the front door, sighing as he went.
In the interrogation room at the police station, I honestly gave them the gist of what had happened, as I'd promised my dad I would.
There seemed to be no discrepancies with the police's side of the story, so they let me go after thirty minutes or so.
I tried asking them about Akatsuki, but they wouldn't tell me anything.
I don't know what'll happen to him yet, but it at least looks like his injuries weren't severe enough for him to be hospitalized.
Haruto: "......"
I'd told the police everything I'd seen and heard last night.
But there was just one piece of unclear information I hadn't opened up about.
The truth behind that mask—
I had an idea who the voice I'd heard belonged to.
Of course, I could just be thinking too hard about it. In the first place, it's hard for me to imagine that Riku-chan could be the Collector.
I couldn't get Riku-chan in trouble if I wasn't sure about it myself, so I didn't tell the police or my dad about it.
But no matter how many times I told myself I had to be wrong, I couldn't shake off my suspicions.
Haruto: "...Alright, I'll just go ask her."
I'm not going to come to any conclusions just thinking about this. When you're unsure, you have to act.
But now that I've decided that, what should I actually ask her...? "Hey, are you the Collector, Riku-chan?" Hmm... would that be too straightforward?
Maybe I should try to bring up the subject more casually.
"The sky's a pretty blue today, huh? Anyway, I wonder who the Collector really is." ...Hmm, I don't think that's quite right either. "Anyway" is doing all the work in that sentence, too.
Haruto: "Anyway, anyway... Don't see any way of that working out..."
When I imagined Riku-chan's cold glare, I suddenly felt the temperature drop around me and my spine froze.
Haruto: "Oh, but is there any way I can see Riku-chan in the first place? We don't have classes today."
There's a more fundamental problem that needs to be addressed before I can even think about how to bring it up with her.
We're not in the kind of relationship where we can simply meet up in private. No matter how many times I simulate a conversation, it's not going to work if I can't create an opportunity to talk to her.
Haruto: "Well, we've got the day off. Maybe if I wander around town, I'll find her..."
I looked around me to find a large amount of people coming and going. I wasn't really hoping to coveniently find Riku-chan among the crowd.
So it was just a coincidence that my eyes met with someone in that throng.
Asahi: "Haruto!"
Haruto: "Asahi?"
We recognized each other at pretty much the same moment. Asahi was the one who started moving, dashing toward me.
I braced myself for an impact when I saw how fast she was going, but she hit the brakes just before she would have crashed into me.
Haruto: "Wh-What are you in such a hurry for...?"
She wouldn't be so out of breath just from running over, so I could imagine what sort of situation she'd been in before finding me. There was a faint layer of sweat glinting on her forehead as well.
Asahi: "I was, haahh, l-looking for you... Haruto!"
Haruto: "Sorry, why don't you take a minute to catch your breath, actually... Come on, in and out."
Asahi: "Phew, haahh, phew, haahh..."
Haruto: "There we go. Also, here's my handkerchief. Why don't you wipe your forehead with it?"
Asahi: "I'm busy taking deep breaths. You do it, Haruto."
Haruto: "I got it. Pardon me, then."
I parted Asahi's bangs to wipe her forehead off, exposing her snow white skin. I lightly dabbed at her sweat with the handkerchief.
Haruto: "Alright, raise your head now. I'll do your neck."
Asahi: "Okay."
Haruto: "There we go. Feel better?"
Asahi: "Yeah, thanks, Haruto."
Haruto: "So, you said you were looking for me?"
Asahi: "That's right! I went to your house and heard you were at the police station, so I came running after you."
Asahi: "Then they said you'd already left, so I was on my way back."
Haruto: "They had to question me about the trouble yesterday. Why were you looking for me, Asahi?"
Asahi: "To save you."
Haruto: "To save me...?"
Asahi said it like it was the most natural thing in the world.
Asahi: "You're in danger, Haruto. I can't tell you why, but it's not safe to be outside, so go home, alright?"
Haruto: "Danger, huh...?"
Asahi: "I need to save you, Haruto. It's my trial."
There's that word. I wonder how saving me relates to Asahi's goal.
Asahi: "I'll go with you, so come on."
Haruto: "Wait, wait a second!"
I tried to calm Asahi down when she took my hand and started pulling me behind her.
Haruto: "You can't just tell me that out of the blue. At least tell me why you're doing this."
Even as I talked to Asahi like this, I'd already decided where I was headed to next.
My one clue to Riku-chan's whereabouts was Atori—so I was planning on heading to their headquarters and seeing if I could find some way of contacting her.
It's not as if Riku-chan lives there, but if someone can point me in the right direction, I'll be set.
The question is whether or not I can get the answers I'm looking for just barging in there... But I've got no choice but to try, since I don't have any other ideas.
However, just when I was thinking that, another problem had arisen. And that was what was happening in front of me right now.
Asahi: "Well? Are you going home or not? If not, I'm going to get angry."
Haruto: "I've got something to do first, but I'll do what you say as soon as I'm finished."
Asahi: "What is it?"
Haruto: "I can't really give you the details. And since you can't tell me your reasons either, that makes us even, right?"
Asahi: "Hrmm...!"
Haruto: "I'll be back as soon as I'm done, okay? I'll see you!!"
Asahi: "Ah!"
I ran off without waiting for a response from her.
I'm sorry, Asahi, but I just need to know.
Agartha's an island that was expanded beyond its original territory. Each district is connected by major roads and bridges.
If you look at things that way, then this area, with all the skyscrapers, would sort of be the original Agartha. It's in the center of the island, so it's very convenient to get to and all of the important facilities, like government buildings, can be found here.
It makes sense that such a large company would have its office here.
I slipped in with all the employees wearing business suits and explained my circumstances to the lady at the reception desk.
To report my results: despite my fervent attempts at negotiation, I was fruitlessly turned away. It wasn't too surprising.
Such a huge company wouldn't be so lax with security that they'd agree to arrange a meeting with the CEO's daughter for some random student who didn't even have an appointment.
No matter how thoroughly I tried to prove my identity, she'd stuck with "I'm sorry I can't help."
Haruto: "Haahh... What do I do now?"
I'm out of ideas. I mean, I only really had the one idea, but I've pretty much lost all my leads now.
I came all this way, so I don't really want to leave empty-handed. But I don't have any good ideas about where to go from here.
Should I move forward or turn back—As the conflicting notions warred in my mind, I paced back and forth in the area.
???/Akeno: "Hey, trespasser."
Haruto: "Huh? Trespasser—where?!"
???/Akeno: "I'm talkin' to you, dumbass! Look around, would you? Is anybody here more suspicious than you?"
Haruto: "Oh, you're right."
I was too caught up in my thoughts to notice all the weird looks I was getting. As nonchalantly as I could, I hurriedly turned to the woman who'd addressed me.
Haruto: "You're that—"
I recalled meeting her the other day at the hospital.
Woman/Akeno: "Pretty strange, us meetin' again, and in a place like this too."
Haruto: "What a coincidence... Do you have some business with Atori?"
Woman/Akeno: "Huh? What are you goin' on about now? I work here, kiddo. I'm pretty high up, too."
Haruto: "What?! Really?!"
Woman/Akeno: "You're awfully surprised. D'you think I was a land shark or somethin'?"
Haruto: "Not exactly, but... I did have that sort of impression. I'm sorry."
Woman/Akeno: "So honest. To a fault, one might say. Meh, nothin' in it for me either way."
Woman/Akeno: "Since you're bargin' in on the company like this without a second thought, I guess you're a true, dyed-in-the-wool idiot."
I can't let this perfect opportunity go. I have to tell her what I'm here for before she leaves—
Haruto: "U-Umm! Could I ask you for a favor?!"
Woman/Akeno: "You wanna get in contact with Riku, right? I heard from the chick in reception. She was like, this Mutsumi Haruto kid's here from the Academy, and he won't shut up."
Woman/Akeno: "That's why I'm here takin' time outta my busy schedule for you. You'd better have an idea of just how valuable the time you're takin' up is."
Haruto: "I-I'm sorry..."
Woman/Akeno: "If you get it, I don't mind. So? What's your relationship with our little Riku?"
Haruto: "Er... Friends, I think?"
Woman/Akeno: "Friends?! Do you seriously mean that?"
Haruto: "Oh, no, from her perspective, I guess... we'd be more like acquaintances?"
Woman/Akeno: "Thought so. I can't imagine her making friends her age, after all."
Woman/Akeno: "...I bet even 'acquaintances' is pushing it with her, though."
Haruto: "What do you mean?"
Woman/Akeno: "Just talkin' to myself. Anyway, what do you want with that antisocial brat? You gonna invite her to a hotel or somethin'?"
Haruto: "O-Of course not?! We only just met! We're not that close!"
Woman/Akeno: "What, I was wrong? Well, there's no rush really. I don't think you have to worry about another guy beatin' you to the punch, so don't let it bother you."
Woman/Akeno: "So, if it's not a secret tryst you're after, what on earth is it?"
Haruto: "Well, I..."
"I sort of suspect Riku-chan might be the Collector. I don't suppose you know anything about that?" ...I definitely can't say that to her.
Woman/Akeno: "Somethin' you can't talk about, eh? Well, fine. I don't have the time to worry about what goes on between you kids."
Woman/Akeno: "And if I get you in contact with her? What are you gonna do for me?"
Haruto: "Do for... you?"
Woman/Akeno: "Hey now, you don't think I'm gonna help you out for free, do you? You've got a lot to learn about the world."
Woman/Akeno: "It takes money to get food to eat and a warm bed to sleep in at night. There's nothin' in this world you can get for free."
Haruto: "Money... I don't have all that much... If you're alright with what I have on me..."
Woman/Akeno: "You don't get it at all. I'm not sayin' I want your money, I'm sayin' that it's wrong for you to think you can get somethin' from me for free."
Haruto: "If you don't want money, what do you want me to do?"
Woman/Akeno: "I'm not so hard-up I need somethin' from you right now. But there's nothin' wrong with havin' you owe me one. Could come in handy one day."
Haruto: "Then I'll help you out if you're ever in trouble! I promise!"
Woman/Akeno: "Can't say I'm expectin' much..."
Haruto: "Umm, could you tell me your name, then? We're pretty much acquaintances now too, aren't we?"
Woman/Akeno: "You're sure a friendly one... Not that I have any reason to be stingy with my name, I guess..."
She took out a case of business cards from her suit jacket and handed one to me.
"Atori Group First Magi Device Development Lab Project Chief Mikuriya Akeno"
Akeno: "I'll give her a call. Check that out while you wait."
Akeno-san took out her phone and put it to her ear.
Woman/Akeno: "...She's not pickin' up. Went to the answering machine."
Haruto: "I see..."
Akeno: "Gimme your contact info. I'll tell her to call you when I get ahold of her."
Haruto: "Thank you!"
I told her my phone number.
Haruto: "Sorry for all the trouble when you're so busy."
Akeno: "Don't mention it! Helpin' out a youth with a promising future ain't no thing. Whoops, phone call."
Akeno-san dropped her eyes to the screen and quickly answered her phone.
Akeno: "Hm? What, it's you? I told you to take care of that on your own, didn't I? Christ, I got it already. Get your ass over here, then."
She sounds busy. Maybe project chiefs can't spare a single second.
Akeno: "Well, that's that. Sorry, but I gotta get back to work. We done here?"
Haruto: "Yes, I'm sorry for all the trouble, and I hope your work goes well. I wouldn't want to get in your way any more, so I'll go home."
Akeno: "Yep! Take care now, kiddo! I'll give her another call when I get a chance."
Haruto: "Thank you for everything! Goodbye!"
I retreated in high spirits. I wasn't able to get in contact with Riku-chan, but it went much better than I expected considering how low my chances were to begin with.
I'm glad Akeno-san turned out to be a good person. You really shouldn't judge a book by its cover.
Woman/Akeno: "What a stupid kid, really. I {just} taught him no one would help him out for free, too. Listen when people talk to you, why don't you."
Woman/Akeno: "Not that I mind somebody who's easy to handle!"
====================B014.TXT====================
I went back along the main road, leaving the business district for the station again. The clock in front of the station was almost pointing at two.
Haruto: "Still afternoon... What should I do? Maybe I should stop by a bookstore before I go home?"
I do have the day off, after all, so it feels a bit like a waste to just go home like this. Of course, after what happened yesterday, I don't really want to just fool around like I usually do.
Haruto: "Come to think of it, I did something pretty rude to Asahi, didn't I... Even if I had to do something important, I shouldn't have run off like that."
Even if there was no reason for me to listen to her, it doesn't change the fact that I lied and just left her there.
There isn't really any other way to put it... It was as good as a lie now that I'd been gone for more than two hours. Lying isn't right. I'll have to apologize to Asahi the next time I see her, but I don't think that'll be today.
I'm sure she got angry and went home after I didn't come back. I'll try to make it up to her at the beginning of the week when we meet at the Academy—
Haruto: "Oh, I'm sorry..."
I bumped into something soft as I walked, lost in my thoughts. Realizing it was a person right away, I apologized.
???/Ruu: "No, no, I should be—oh? If it isn't you."
Haruto: "Ah, you're..."
She left such an unforgettable impression that you'd remember her after seeing her just once—it was the girl from the mall yesterday.
???/Ruu: "We meet again! What a coincidence. You must have gone through a lot after that."
Haruto: "Yeah, I had to go to the police to be questioned this morning. Were you alright?"
???/Ruu: "Oh, yes, I was fine. Same as always! Where are you headed to now, kiddo?"
Haruto: "I don't really have any plans, so I was just gonna wander around a bit before heading home."
???/Ruu: "Is that so? Ruu has work. Despite appearances, she's a very busy girl!"
Haruto: "Huh, so your name is Ruu? That's a bit unusual, but it's a cute name."
Ruu: "Oh my, 'cute'? Are you hitting on me? That makes me so happy♪"
I don't know what she was thinking, but Ruu-chan suddenly closed her eyes and leaned in close.
Haruto: "Whoa?! Wh-What?!"
Ruu: "What do you mean 'what'? I was trying to kiss you. As a greeting, to commemorate our reunion, to deepen our friendship. What does the reason matter?"
Haruto: "Y-You can't do that! Not so quickly!"
Ruu: "You're so pure. I sort of wanted to take you for myself, but I suppose it would be rude to your girlfriend."
Haruto: "Girlfriend...?"
Ruu: "Yes, over there. Isn't that her?"
I looked where she indicated... and saw the place where I'd run into Asahi a few hours ago.
A sight I never expected to see greeted me there.
Haruto: "A-Asahi?! What?! Why?!"
I doubted my eyes, but I couldn't ignore the reality before me. Asahi was standing in the exact same spot she had been hours before.
Her face was bright red, pointed at the ground like she was desperately holding back tears. Everyone who walked by gave her a glance, wondering what was going on.
Has she been waiting for me this whole time...?
Ruu: "I think she's been there for quite a while. If you don't go to her soon, she might cry, you know."
Ruu: "I'll have to make you mine at a later opportunity."
I ran over to Asahi, unable to stay put any longer.
If she's really been waiting there this whole time, then I've made a horrible mistake.
Honestly, I feel so bad that I have no idea what expression I should be making.
Haruto: "One thing's for sure... it definitely wouldn't be right to run away now. It wouldn't be playing fair."
I didn't know what I was going to say to Asahi. But I ran to her as fast as I could, afraid that something was about to break.
Asahi: "Ah...!"
Asahi raised her head and looked at me.
Her emotions flashed by on her face—surprise, anger, then delight—and the sight of them hit me hard.
Asahi: "Haruto! Harutooo!!"
She spread her arms and leapt into my chest. I hesitated for a moment in surprise, but I couldn't stop her.
Seeing her bury her face in my chest only amplified my guilt.
Asahi: "I believed! I knew you'd come back!"
Haruto: "I'm sorry... But why...? You should have just left. Were you waiting all this time?"
Asahi: "You said you'd be back! I knew you wouldn't speak falsehoods, Haruto!"
Asahi: "We're partners, after all."
You can't just take every word someone says at face value.
Akatsuki's always telling me I have no common sense, but even I know that...
Haruto: "...It's the same thing as lying to you, really. I didn't think you'd be waiting for me, after all."
Asahi: "It's fine. It's fine now. You came back, and that's enough for me."
Asahi wasn't angry at me. That made me feel even worse about this.
It struck me even harder that the peerless strength with which she adheres to her principles, with no regard as to what other people might think—it comes from her supremely pure heart.
Asahi: "Please, Haruto, will you do as I say? Go back home. It's for your sake."
Haruto: "...Okay, I will. I'll do as you say. I know it won't make it up to you, but I want a chance to, at least."
Asahi: "Thank you. I knew I wasn't wrong about you."
Asahi looked up at me and smiled. It would be wrong to erase that smile. I know that, at least.
But I didn't have the courage to accept Asahi so completely...
Haruto: "Erm... Do you think you could let go, maybe...? This is kind of embarrassing..."
As lacking in experience as I was, this situation was a little too much for me to handle. I couldn't bear the warm looks everyone around us was giving us for much longer.
To carry out your will, you need courage. It had become very clear to me the difference between the courage Asashi and I possessed.
====================B015.TXT====================
Asahi: "There's no way, Haruto! It'll never fit!"
Haruto: "It's fine, you can trust me. Okay, let's do it."
Asahi: "Ngh..."
Carefully, and boldly—I gently wrapped my hand around Asahi's trembling fingers.
Haruto: "Just relax and leave it to me."
Asahi: "I think it's going to go in... the tip is... aah!! It went in! It went in, Haruto!!"
Haruto: "Congrats. Try to do it yourself now."
She's got a long way to go if she's this excited just from getting some thread through a needle.
She'd asked me to teach her how to sew, but since she didn't even have a grasp of the basics, I hadn't even managed to teach her anything yet.
She glared at the needle and thread, struggling to even hold them together.
Haruto: "Hey, come to think of it, can I ask you something?"
Asahi: "What is it?"
Haruto: "Why'd you save me last night? No, that might not be exactly what I mean..."
There's no time to think about what's right or wrong when something wrong is happening in front of your eyes. You don't need a reason to help someone.
Haruto: "How did you know I was there? Were you just passing by or something?"
Asahi: "...It wasn't a coincidence. I went there by my own will to save you, Haruto."
Asahi set down the needle and thread she'd been fighting with and faced me with a serious expression.
Asahi: "I knew you'd be there, Haruto. And I knew you'd be in danger. That's why I went to save you."
Haruto: "You knew...? But how...?"
Asahi: "...Promise that you'll believe me."
Asahi: "And that you won't tell anyone my secret. Can you swear that you'd never break a promise to your partner?"
Haruto: "I'd never break a promise, and I'll keep your secret. As for believing you... it depends on what you say, but I think I will. But please don't let it be something like 'actually, I'm an alien.'"
Asahi: "Alien? What do you mean?"
Haruto: "No, it's nothing. If it's not that, then I'll believe you, Asahi. I can't imagine you'd lie, after all."
Asahi: "...I believe in you too, Haruto."
With a bashful smile, Asahi took the diary out of the holster on her hip.
Asahi: "I'll explain everything to you, Haruto."
Asahi: "About the trials that have been given to me."
Haruto: "Trials..."
The sensation that what I'd been waiting for had come and an ambivalance about wanting to hear more were mixed within me.
It was like wanting to know how to perform a magic trick and being disappointed after finding out. The truth can sometimes be underwhelming.
But my concerns turned out to be unnecessary. The explanation for Asahi's magic trick was as shocking as Akatsuki's alien theory.
Asahi: "This diary tells me what will happen in the future."
Haruto: "What will happen in the future... Like, a prophecy?"
Asahi: "Yes, it prophecises tragedies that will occur in the near future, and that will definitely happen. My trials are to stop those tragedies."
Asahi: "Look. These are prophecies that have appeared in the past."
I read the page she'd opened.
It detailed the death of a student who had jumped from the Academy roof.
Haruto: "Does this have something to do with you falling off the roof that one time?"
Asahi: "I prevented this tragedy, so no one died. Though I did make some mistakes."
Other pages showed similar descriptions of people dying. These are prophecies...?
Haruto: "Is this your handwriting?"
Asahi: "Yep."
Haruto: "You wrote them? Can they really be called prophecies, then...?"
Asahi: "This is my handwriting, but I didn't write them. New entries just appear out of nowhere."
Haruto: "......"
Is she writing them unconsciously? Wouldn't that mean that they weren't prophecies, but that something was wrong with Asahi...?
Asahi: "...You can't believe me?"
Well, it's difficult to believe. There's no magic that can see the future, after all.
Still, I really can't imagine Asahi's lying to me, and I don't want to hurt her feelings with her looking up at me anxiously like this. So, I smiled.
Haruto: "Honestly, I can't really accept it that easily, but I don't think you'd lie to me, Asahi. Not at all."
I went on without trying to conceal how I felt.
Haruto: "I think I'd believe if something from the diary really does happen in the future."
Without favoring either my emotions or my common sense too heavily, this is the best I can do. If something written in her diary really happens, I'll have to believe what Asahi says.
Haruto: "What's going to happen next? Oh, could it be..."
Asahi had said she was with me today for my protection. Meaning...
Asahi: "...You'll be in danger, Haruto."
Haruto: "...I thought so. What does 'danger' mean, though, exactly?"
Asahi: "I don't know the details. Sometimes I know the time and place, and sometimes I don't."
Haruto: "Can I see that entry?"
Asahi flipped to the most recent page.
It described me in pain with fatal injuries. There was a sense of urgency to the writing, as if Asahi really had witnessed the tragedy.
Haruto: "...Am I dead here?"
Asahi: "You won't die, Haruto. Since I'll save you."
Well, to prove Asahi's words... I'd just have to die, or get into a similar amount of danger...
Haruto: "I kinda wouldn't like to worry about that..."
Asahi: "That's why you should stay at home like this, out of trouble. And I'll stay with you, so you'll be okay."
Okay—a bit of an overused word, but it feels like it regains all its power when Asahi says it. How mysterious.
Haruto: "Hm...? You'll stay... it's getting late though, you don't mean...?"
Asahi: "I'm staying at your house overnight."
Haruto: "What?! O-Out of the blue like that?!"
Asahi: "It's not out of the blue. I brought my sleepover set, so there's no problem."
Haruto: "Th-There is a problem! I-I'm not ready to have a girl sleep over! I'd need to ask my dad, and would your family even be okay with that, Asahi?"
Asahi: "...I'm alone right now. Everyone is living somewhere else, so you don't need to worry about that."
Haruto: "O-Oh... but..."
Maybe she lives alone, but I've got my dad and Hina here. Akatsuki's stayed over before, but it's different when it's a girl.
I heard someone returning home beyond the door. Hina was already home, so it could only have been one person.
Haruto: "Looks like my dad just got home, so I'll go ask. I'll be right back."
Ahh, what do I do? How do I explain to Dad? What's a detective gonna say when he finds out his son's trying to have impure relations with a girl?
No, no, there's nothing impure about it, so I'd have to convince him that our relationship was completely innocent.
No, wait a second, whether it's innocent or not, the problem is a boy and a girl of our age staying under the same roof. Ahh, geez, I'll just take the gamble!
Haruto: "W-Welcome back."
Yuuji: "Mhm."
I met him in the living room and found Hina making dinner in the kitchen. I timidly stepped up to my dad where he sat on the couch.
Haruto: "Umm, Dad, I've got a favor to ask."
Yuuji: "What is it, an advance on your allowance?"
Haruto: "No, that's not it. Uhh... I've got a friend over now, who wants to stay the night..."
Yuuji: "'Zat all? Fine with me. I don't mind a little bit of noise, but settle down at night, alright?"
Haruto: "Thanks... No, I probably shouldn't just walk away. I think you're misunderstanding something, Dad, and it wouldn't be playing fair not to explain..."
Hina: "Onii-chan, if you can't say it, do you want me to#?"
Haruto: "It's fine! I can say it! Mhm!"
Yuuji: "I don't get it. If you wanna say something, out with it."
Haruto: "Understood... Erm, the one who wants to stay over tonight is—"
Asahi: "Haruto?"
Haruto: "Waaaaah?!"
Asahi, who was supposed to be waiting in my room, popped out from around the corner.
Haruto: "I-I told you to wait...!"
Asahi: "I got worried since you said you'd be right back. I told you about my trial, didn't I? Don't leave my side."
Yuuji: "I see. So that's what's going on."
Quick on the uptake, Dad (no, probably anyone would) seemed to fully understand the situation.
Haruto: "Sh-She's Rikudou Asahi-san. My friend..."
Yuuji: "It's not a bad thing to have friends of the opposite sex. Having them stay the night is a different thing entirely, though."
Haruto: "Y-Yeah... B-But if you could make an exception!"
Yuuji: "An exception, eh... Does her family know about this...? Ah, wait, she lives alone, doesn't she?"
Haruto: "Huh? Dad, you know her?"
Yuuji: "We talked a little when she came to return your wallet."
Yuuji: "...Hm? Rikudou?"
Asahi: "......"
Dad sent a look at Asahi as if he'd just remembered something.
Yuuji: "Sorry if I'm wrong, but did you have a brother named Rikudou Touya?"
Asahi: "...Yes, I do. What about him?"
Yuuji: "I see... No, it's nothing. Sorry, forget I asked."
Asahi: "......"
What's this about? Why would Dad ask that? Did he know somebody in Asahi's family?
Hina: "Let her stay, won't you, Daddy? She's Onii-chan's friend, so we have to get along with her too#"
Haruto: "Hina...!"
She always takes my side. Thank you, Hina!
Yuuji: "...I don't want you two getting crazy, alright?"
Haruto: "O-Of course! Thank you, Dad!"
Hina: "I'll get another plate out, then#"
I'd achieved success where I never thought it was possible. Now I know that it's important to just go for it sometimes, even when you think it's hopeless.
Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "Asahi? Something wrong?"
Asahi: "No, it's nothing."
Hina: "Okay then, sit down, everyone# It's Onii-chan's favorite today, curry#"
Haruto: "Everybody likes curry, Hina#"
I turned out the lights and crawled into bed.
I didn't know what would happen when Asahi said she wanted to stay the night, but I guess I didn't need to be worried. We finished dinner without issue, took our baths, and now she's sleeping in Hina's room.
Haruto: "Fwahh, I should get to sleep too..."
As my eyelids drooped, I surrendered myself to the temptations of the Sandman.
What should I do on the break tomorrow? Asahi probably won't let me leave her side—
Haruto: "......?"
It felt like my power was just about to go off when a noise woke me up again.
Was it just my imagination...? I tried to get to sleep, but the presence in my room wouldn't let me.
Someone's here...? Even though I sensed someone, I didn't want to make any noise, and I didn't want to get up and check either.
Could it be, like, a ghost...? I suddenly remembered the figure I'd seen last night.
The mysterious intruder stopped at my bed, and I got the impression that it was looking me over.
Haruto: "......"
Are you coming? I'm ready for you. I balled my hands into fists, trying to pretend I wasn't scared.
Haruto: "Wawawah?! No, actually, wait! I'll listen if there's some reason you can't pass on!!"
Asahi: "Shh, quiet."
Haruto: "Huh...? A-Asahi...?!"
I don't know what Asahi was thinking there in her pajamas, but she flipped back the covers and scooted into bed with me.
Haruto: "Huh? Huh?! What?! What, what, what's going on?! Why?!"
Asahi: "Shh! Stop making so much noise! They'll wake up!"
Asahi was trying to get comfortable behind where I was lying on my side.
Haruto: "Wh-Why are you in my bed...?!"
Asahi: "I'll be too cold if I'm not under some covers. It's warm in here."
Haruto: "That's not what I meant...! We got out a futon for you, didn't we?"
Asahi: "...I'm not comfortable in there. Please let me sleep here?"
Haruto: "Even if you insist, I'm not certain that..."
Asahi: "Please, Haruto... I want to stay."
I could feel Asahi's breath on the back of my neck. I was so embarrassed it was all I could do to keep staring into the darkness of the room.
Haruto: "...What's wrong with Hina's room? You two didn't fight, did you?"
Asahi: "That's not it. It's just that I can't trust those two like I can you, Haruto."
Asahi: "It feels like they're hiding something. I'll start feeling bad if I have to keep smelling the scent of falsehoods."
Haruto: "Hmm..."
Dad and Hina both might have a secret or two, but there's nothing wrong with that, and it's not like it'd make them smell particularly different.
But I can't imagine explaining that to Asahi would convince her. She has her own standards that she judges people by, and they're a little different than most.
Asahi: "Haruto... can't I?"
Haruto: "If you ask like that... I can't say no, can I...?"
Asahi: "Mm, I knew you'd say that..."
Haruto: "But we're just going to sleep, okay? Nothing else is happening."
Asahi: "Nothing else? Is there something we could do other than sleeping...?"
Haruto: "Nope! There isn't! When they get into bed, people go to sleep! That's what's right."
Was I telling Asahi that, or was I telling it to myself...?
Asahi: "Hey, Haruto, can I ask one favor before we go to sleep?"
Haruto: "Yes...? What else might I do for you?"
It was just a vague feeling I got, but I sensed that Asahi was being unusually hesitant.
Asahi: "Say 'good night' before we go to sleep. Then I'll say 'good night' back."
Haruto: "I was really nervous about what you were going to say, but that's easy. In fact, I'd say it even if you hadn't asked."
Haruto: "Good night, Asahi."
Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "Huh? What's up?"
Asahi: "I've been alone for so long, saying 'good night' to someone else makes me kind of nervous."
Haruto: "I think you should be more nervous about something else right now, but..."
Asahi: "I didn't think a day like this could come before I arrived in the Land of Dreams. It's all thanks to you, Haruto."
Asahi rustled around behind me, and in the next instant—
Haruto: "Hngh?!"
Asahi: "Don't move."
Asahi's slender finger—it moved across my back. It sounds like I'm exaggerating when I say this, but I really want to squirm about with how ticklish it felt.
Haruto: "A-Asahi, what are you—"
Asahi: "You can take it. They're important words. I'll do it again, so pay attention, alright?"
Words...? Is Asahi trying to write words on my back?
I squeezed back the shout threatening to escape my mouth and concentrated on the movement of her fingers on my back.
Asahi: "You have to carve important words into your body, so that even if you lose your memories, it will remember."
"G"
Haruto: "G?"
A capital "G." Then a smaller "o"—
After that, I had a pretty good idea, and her fingers moved as I predicted they would. It felt a little less ticklish when I knew what to expect, too.
She finished writing. I felt her forehead hit my back. I had no idea what sort of face she was making.
Haruto: "......"
I have a family, and I see them every day. I laugh and talk with them, and can ask them for advice. It's completely natural to me, and somewhere in my heart, I think I believed that was the same for everyone.
But Asahi lives apart from her family and has no friends with whom she can be herself. She has no one she can let her guard down around. I'm sure it's harder for her than I can express with words.
She may act strong, but there's no way she's not lonely.
If her actions are all to bear that loneliness, to live through it, and that's the reason for all the misunderstandings about her—
Now that I've realized that, I can't just pretend I don't know. If I don't help Asahi, I wouldn't be playing fair. It would be wrong.
Haruto: "Good night, Asahi."
Asahi: "Mhm."
I wondered if Asahi had noticed my trivial determination—but she doesn't need to know, and I don't need to tell her.
Because if I'm able to help Asahi even a little, that's worth so much more than my determination.
I closed my eyes, a faint sense of satisfaction filling my heart.
But I was a bit too preoccupied to let that satisfaction put me to sleep...
Asahi: "Zzz... zzz..."
As soon as I started hearing Asahi breathing quietly in her sleep, I was wide awake.
It was like every sense but my sight was hyper-aware of her. I was all the more conscious of it with my eyes closed, so I couldn't get to sleep at all.
Asahi was completely oblivious to my plight, clinging to me like she thought I was a stuffed animal or something.
I'm sorry to say I don't think I can fulfill that role particularly well.
My head was filled with wicked thoughts, like "girls sure are soft" and "she smells really good."
Nonono!
I shook myself free of temptation and slowly got out of bed so that I didn't wake Asahi. I'll have to sleep on some cushions on the floor...
But I'm thirsty now, so I'll get something to drink first. I quietly opened the door.
When I left my room I noticed lights on in the living room.
Just like I thought he'd be, I headed down to the living room and found my dad staring down at some files on the kitchen table.
Yuuji: "Hey, still awake?"
Haruto: "That's my line. You're the one with work tomorrow, right?"
Yuuji: "It won't hinder me any. You don't need to worry."
Haruto: "You're looking at files about that case again, huh?"
The plane crash seven years ago—commonly known as the Fall of Icarus.
The airplane that crashed had what was then state-of-the-art Magi technology built into it.
They say it crashed due to engine trouble, but the only thing that's clear is that it was a tragic accident with zero survivors, including all the crew and passengers.
People say that accident is why there's an anti-magic faction that's still around today.
Haruto: "Have you figured something out?"
Yuuji: "Don't stick your nose into this. It's my problem."
Dad suspects there's some conspiracy behind this accident. That it wasn't an accident at all, but planned by someone.
It probably has something to do with an acquaintance of his that was among the passengers, but he hasn't told me any more than that.
Haruto: "It's already been seven years. Even if it wasn't an accident, there probably aren't any clues left, are there?"
Yuuji: "My detective's instincts are telling me that there's something more to this. There's nothing I can do but keep chasing it until I'm satisfied, you know?"
Yuuji: "If I found out I'd let some evil hiding behind this slip between my fingers, I wouldn't be able to forgive myself."
Haruto: "Mm, that's true. Wrongs must be made right."
Maybe I understand my dad's worldview because I'm his son. If he's acting under his own sense of justice, I have no right to stop him.
Haruto: "Still, don't overwork yourself. If you make yourself sick, you won't be able to investigate anything."
I gulped down the water in my cup and turned back to my room.
Yuuji: "Oh, right. Hold on a sec."
Haruto: "What is it?"
Yuuji: "That girl you brought over."
Haruto: "Asahi? What about her?"
Yuuji: "You'll probably find out at some point, so I'll tell you now. Her brother, Rikudou Touya, was a victim of that plane crash."
Haruto: "Huh...?"
Yuuji: "I looked into the families of all the victims. The Rikudou family was two parents and two kids."
Yuuji: "The parents, however, passed away a few weeks before the crash. In a traffic accident."
Haruto: "Then Asahi's family is..."
Yuuji: "...Be there for her. Even the strongest people have to cry sometimes."
Yuuji: "And I bet you'll be able to see her tears, even if other people can't."
Yuuji: "That's true justice."
Dad gave me a warm smile.
Asahi told me her family was somewhere far away. I didn't think it was somewhere she'd never be able to see them again...
Haruto: "...Yeah, I'll do everything I can. If I'm the only one, I have to."
Yuuji: "Good answer."
I want to wipe away Asahi's tears.
I didn't think my determination to do that could be boiled down to something like a moral compass.
====================C001.TXT====================
"Herz und Mund und Tat und Leben"—a famous cantata composed by Bach for the Visitation of Mary.
I replayed the music in my head, as it was suitable for any liturgy and often used in this very church.
That tune, which was strangely calming, helped me get into the mind of an aspiring clergywoman.
Churchgoer: "You have a lovely voice, Sister Fiona."
Fiona: "P-Pardon me? What do you mean? Ah, was I... humming...?"
Churchgoer: "It's nothing to be embarrassed about. It proves how passionate you are about your work."
Fiona: "Ahaha... I'm honored you think so."
The woman, who'd finished her prayers in the main hall, looked satisfied with the time she'd spent here.
Churchgoer: "I'm so grateful I had the time to do my evening prayers at the church. I was able to be thankful for all the day's blessings."
Fiona: "It's only because your days are so busy that you can feel grateful for the gift of life God has given you."
Churchgoer: "Oh? Are those Father Gaimon's words?"
Fiona: "Ugh... Th-The words that the Father receives from God are shared amongst all those who believe in Him. Now that I've heard and understood them, they're my words too."
Churchgoer: "I apologize for teasing you. They struck a chord with me, really, Mother Fiona."
Fiona: "Moth...?! I'm not yet worthy of such a grand title...!"
Churchgoer: "May God's blessings be upon you."
I was so surprised, I almost dropped the alms-bag she handed to me.
Fiona: "Mother... Fiona..."
A strange feeling was welling up inside me.
Fiona: "'Mother'... heheh... that's the highest honor a sister can have, isn't it..."
It was something I aspired to, because I was nothing other than a church {sister}, rather than a nun who'd actually sworn vows.
When I go outside, thoughtless people tell me I'm just "part-time" or "cosplaying," but they're not really wrong.
Fiona: "Whoops, I can't stand around here. I have to put this money in the office."
The donations of our passionate regulars are very important to this church, since we only have a few visitors on a good day.
Vigilante Yoshida: "Hey, Siiisteeer."
Fiona: "Yes?"
When I turned around upon hearing the voice, the weight of the bag in my hand disappeared.
Vigilante Takemaru: "Feeling all satisfied with a job well done, Miss Fiona? Don't you think you're slacking a little?"
Fiona: "Ah—what?!"
Vigilante Tetsu: "It's time for our regular donation inspection#♪ Let's see how much is inside..."
Fiona: "What are you thinking?! You can't open that!"
Vigilante Tetsu: "Whoa, that's lame# All that pretentious God stuff and it's only this much? You couldn't hit the club with this, no way, this is fuckin' bleak. You could barely even afford a drink stand."
Fiona: "Please give that back!"
Vigilante Tetsu: "Whoa there! That was close. Hey, pass it over!"
I jumped at the bag, trying to retrieve it, but he threw it to another vigilante before I could.
Fiona: "Come on, please give it back!"
Vigilante Yoshida: "Over here now!"
Fiona: "G-Give it baaack!"
Vigilante Takemaru: "Here, here!"
Fiona: "G-Give it... Give it..."
Vigilante Yoshida: "Oh? You look dead tired, sister. Is that it?"
Fiona: "Haahh... haahh... haaahh...... Really, please stop this already..."
With them passing the bag in a circle around me, I lost all the vigor I'd had earlier.
Finally, I ended up on my knees.
Vigilante Takemaru: "Let's say we win this contest and we get to keep this as our prize."
Fiona: "The Lord says 'Let not man triumph,' doesn't he?!"
Vigilante Yoshida: "Oh, don't get so mad, Miss Fiona. We'll use this money for the really important things, like booze, and women. What else do you use money for?! My feelings on that one aren't gonna budge, y'know."
Fiona: "Don't be ridiculous! I won't allow that! Alms are the proof of one's gratitude to God! Gratitude that will be returned one day!"
Vigilante Tetsu: "Oh? You gettin' up? You gonna get up, Miss Fiona? You can do it♪ You can do it♪"
I wasn't happy to hear his encouragement, but it did spur me to stand faster.
When I'd caught my breath and was going to rejoin the struggle for the alms-bag... a new head popped up behind the head of the vigilante before me.
Mikihisa: "........."
Vigilante Tetsu: "Huh? Mikihisa-kun? Weren't you back home..."
Fiona: "Aah?!"
The violence that came out of nowhere immediately afterward made me doubt my eyes.
Outrageous. That was the only way to describe the blow.
I stared down vacantly at the vigilante clutching his stomach in agony on the floor for a while before my brain caught up to what had happened, leading me to rush over to him.
Fiona: "H-Hey, are you alright?"
Vigilante Tetsu: "I-I'm good... Urgh, haahh... haahh... Mikihisa-kun, haahh... could you tell me what I did to piss you off, exactly...?"
Mikihisa: "Mm#...? Quit your chittering. I can't stand watching you chucklefucks fooling around with some chick in a place like this..."
Mikihisa: "I'll give you all the same, so line up. Anybody who takes his time's gettin' two swings."
As the leader of the vigilantes plainly stated his piece, the other men plainly followed his orders, though they didn't look happy about it. I put together what he'd said with my own common sense and stood in front of him.
Fiona: "What are you doing? This is crazy! Resorting to violence is appalling, and I can't understand how you could do this to your own friends!"
Mikihisa: "Mm."
Fiona: "Ah, the alms-bag? Thank you. No, wait!"
Mikihisa: "Everybody's lined up? Don't worry. If you lose your breakfast, it'll just mean more work for the sister."
{Breakfast}—proof that these men didn't get out of bed at an ordinary time.
Fiona: "Mikihisa-san!"
I stood before the lined-up vigilantes. Now he had no choice but to look at me, instead of continuing to act like I wasn't even there.
Fiona: "It's true that their mischief went a little too far, and maybe you're supposed to be supervising them. But there's no need to go to these extremes, is there?"
Mikihisa: "Mm?"
Fiona: "You have to be patient when your words don't reach people."
Fiona: "Swinging your fists at them will only serve to satisfy your own desire for violence. It's not something you do to truly get through to someone."
Mikihisa: "The old fart said the same exact thing."
Fiona: "Ugh... They're my words! An original phrasing I came up with after hearing them and digesting them and saving them for later!"
Mikihisa: "I don't give a shit. I'm not tryin' to educate these pussies."
Fiona: "...What drives you to this?"
Mikihisa: "My mood. The mood to punch whatever I wanna punch when I want to."
Fiona: "...! No one will follow you if you lead through violence! You'll end up... all alone, I'm certain."
Mikihisa: "Shut the fuck up..."
Mikihisa: "I'd settle for you too if you don't stay quiet. You want me to send you flying like that pew?!"
Fiona: "........."
I took the shortest route I knew through the church to the cleaning supplies and returned.
It took me about 15 seconds to clean off the dirt from his shoe (with a smile on my face) and put the pew back where it was—and it looked even better than before.
Fiona: "Heheh... see what I can do with my cleaning skills?"
Mikihisa: "...Hey... you want me to kick it until it breaks...? The pews, the altar, the walls, and your smug little face...!"
Fiona: "I don't mind? Mending is also the clergy's job. I'll fix whatever you break. If you'd like to punch or kick me, feel free at any time."
Fiona: "The problem will be solved as soon as you feel refreshed, won't it?"
Fiona: "Now, come at me from wherever you'd like! I can't exactly conquer my fear, of course, so I'll just close my eyes and pray!"
Vigilante Takemaru: "Umm, Mickey... I'm not tryin' to tell you what to do or nothin', but... she's a woman, y'know...?"
Mikihisa: "Haha, I treat men, women, young, and old all equally!"
Our Father who art in Heaven... As I prayed, I heard a violent shout and something cutting through the air.
Fiona: "...! ...! ...Huh...? It doesn't hurt... Have you seen the light?"
He hadn't seen the light. His fist was right there, but it was stopped just before my face... blocked by a palm as thick as a bible.
Mikihisa: "...Gramps."
Father Gaimon: "This is what I find when I finish my sacrament of penance and reconciliation in the confessional, hm?"
Father Gaimon: "You must look within yourself and seek guidance on your path. I'd be glad to teach you outside until you understand, but I'd ask that you abstain from further disrespect before the Lord."
Mikihisa: "...Feh. I'll dirty my fists."
Thanks to the priest's intervention, the tension in the air was reduced a little.
The vigilantes' relieved sighs overlapped with my own.
Father Gaimon: "You are all baby birds who do not yet know the sky. I can lend you a perch here, but it's up to you whether or not you can soar with your dreams on your wings."
Mikihisa: "Hey, don't misunderstand. We use this shabby church 'cause it's convenient to meet up here. I don't listen to you, gramps."
Father Gaimon: "Apologize."
Mikihisa: "You old fart... what did you just say?"
Father Gaimon: "You should be ashamed that you lost your temper and resorted to violence. Now apologize to Sister Fiona."
Fiona: "It's alright, Father. I do think it escalated because of the things I said..."
Mikihisa: "Fiona. Gramps. Get R-E-K-T."
Father Gaimon: "Sister Fiona, could I trouble you to interpret?"
"R-E-K-T"...? That must stand for something. Then...
Fiona: "Father Gaimon, it's a miracle! This is what Mikihisa-san wants to tell us:"
Fiona: "'Get Ready, Everyone, Kindness Time.'"
Father Gaimon: "...I see. He can't bring himself to apologize outright, but he's trying to repair the situation in his own way. It's roundabout, but his sincerity does come across."
Fiona: "In the name of God, it's kindess time. We should forgive him, Father!"
Mikihisa: "These two are hopeless."
Vigilante Yoshida: "Yikes! That was scary! Mikihisa-kun lost it! What's his problem? He's scary when it's that time of the month."
Vigilante Tetsu: "Quit laughing, bro. I actually got hurt here..."
Vigilante Takemaru: "We're sorry too, Fiona-chan. We went too far. We just wanted to see you freak out, y'know?"
Fiona: "Wha-?! Only the devil would enjoy another's misfortune! Don't you think they should be praying more often, Father?"
Father Gaimon: "They didn't want to laugh at you, but to see your reactions, Sister. Do you understand the difference?"
Fiona: "Father... Whichever it is, it's foolish."
Father Gaimon: "It looks like you don't understand a man's heart very well."
Fiona: "Father, this may be sudden, but please listen to my proposal. What would you say to getting all the vigilantes together tomorrow for a lovefeast?"
Fiona: "We should all give thanks for each other's service and foster a spirit of harmony. I'm sure it will be an important opportunity to get everyone feeling cooperative!"
Father Gaimon: "That sounds wonderful, Sister Fiona, though I'm a bit taken aback by your enthusiasm."
Fiona: "With his belly filled / even a ferocious wolf / is naught but a pup! By providing an opportunity for everyone to mingle, we'll build up a sense of solidarity!"
Father Gaimon: "It does do the heart good to sit at the dinner table. Very well. I'm impressed by your spirit—that you'd suggest getting this all arranged by yourself even without shirking your duties."
Fiona: "Ugh... by myself... yeah. I guess you wouldn't help me, Father..."
Vigilante Takemaru: "If I'm following this right... we're gonna get to eat Fiona-chan's home cooking?"
Vigilante Tetsu: "I'd like my milk straight from the sister's titties, please#♪ If that won't work out, I'll take some freshly squeezed Fiona juice too#♪"
Fiona: "? I may not be a fully-fledged nun, but I'm still chaste in my service to the Lord?"
Vigilante Yoshida: "Hm...? Err, is that where you're going with this...?"
Fiona: "? I can't produce breast milk when I'm not pregnant. You can squeeze and suck all you want, but I can't give you what I don't have."
Vigilante Tetsu: "...Ugh...... Shit, I'm gettin' kinda horny thinkin' about it... I'm gonna go back home and find a chick..."
Father Gaimon: "In any case, you must act. Nothing will begin without action. Never forget to reach out if you see someone in need."
Father Gaimon: "May God's blessings be upon you."
Fiona: "His blessings be upon you."
The vigilantes all left.
I set about cleaning up the dust and dirt that had sprung up in the commotion.
Father Gaimon: "They may be clumsy, but they truly think well of you, Sister Fiona."
Fiona: "Huh? It doesn't seem that way... They get in the way when I'm cleaning and make fun of my prayers..."
Father Gaimon: "Sister Fiona. The very atmosphere in this church changed when you came here. They are merely confused by the changes they're experiencing."
Father Gaimon: "It's a small thing, but it may lead to their betterment. I'm glad you came."
They were more reserved, but I recieved words of praise from the priest as well, as I had from that woman earlier.
Fiona: "Thank you, Father Gaimon."
Those words served to encourage me, and remind me that I was where I belonged right now.
Fiona: "However... I'm not anything more than average. You shouldn't place any hopes on me."
I bowed my head to the priest with his gentle smile and went around to make sure there were no other visitors still inside.
Today's final cleanup went easier than it usually did.
====================C002.TXT====================
Several zealous churchgoers appeared for early morning mass this weekday.
The priest's sermon ended without incident, and after everyone had received God's blessing through hymns and prayers, I collected the alms-bag containing their thanks.
And I'd been entrusted with another task, while I was at it.
Fiona: "......He doesn't learn, huh..."
Mikihisa: "Zzzzz... mmn..."
I headed through the empty seats to the person shamelessly reclining with his feet up on the pew before him, and pinched his nose.
Mikihisa: "Zzz... ngh?! Khah! Who's there?! I'll kill you! You're fuckin' dead!"
Fiona: "You can't just kill or punch people on reflex. What do you think it is, the end times?"
Mikihisa: "...Tch. I was getting a good nap. Were you trying to asphyxiate me? Huh?"
Fiona: "If you'd like to sleep, please sleep outside or in a bus shelter or something. This is a place for prayer."
Mikihisa: "I don't want some part-time sister giving me that shit."
Mikihisa-san roughly ran his fingers through his hair and stood up, looking around the church after its visitors had all left.
Mikihisa: "Guess all the people who come pray here are pussies who can't even tell me to get out. That shit the priest says is like a lullaby, making me so sleepy. It's better'n a hotel."
Fiona: "...I can't believe this."
Fiona: "The priest accepted you. All the people praying here forgave your foolishness and allowed you among them."
Mikihisa: "Huh? What are you talking about? Nobody gave me permission, I was just sleeping here 'cause I wanted to."
Fiona: "Whether you confuse the priest's sermon for a sedative and start to snore, or put your feet up to make yourself comfortable... or even if you started cursing in the middle of their prayers..."
Fiona: "Mass would have ended without anyone paying you any mind."
Fiona: "'The Church accepts all.' That ties it all up. Or do you need to hear more?"
Mikihisa: "Tch. Faith, in this era where magic's cut into every aspect of life? God's grace? That shit's never gonna catch on."
Mikihisa: "Face reality here. How many dumbasses showed up to pray this morning? It was four. Four. Nobody needs this shitty church."
Fiona: "Oh, wait, please!"
Mikihisa: "What? You pissed since I hit the mark?"
Fiona: "Please tell me what you like to eat, Mikihisa-san."
Mikihisa: "Why do you wanna know."
Fiona: "I'll keep it in mind for the lovefeast. Since you lead the vigilantes, right, Mikihisa-san? This feast will never succeed without you!"
Mikihisa: "Huh... You're seriously doing that? I'm omnivorous. I'll eat anything if it's edible—but I'm not playin' house with nobody."
Fiona: "Wha-?! But everyone's looking forward to it!"
Mikihisa: "Why should I care? What do you think they'll all do if I say I'm not going?"
Fiona: "........."
Mikihisa: "Haha, did I just ruin your plans? Too bad."
Fiona: "...Let's decide by rock-paper-scissors."
Mikihisa: "Huh?"
Fiona: "We'll do one round, like manly men! I'm gonna throw paper, okay? You've gotta say that when you play, you know."
Mikihisa: "Like hell. I'm not a fuckin' six-year-old."
Fiona: "Heheh, I'm really strong, you know! Are you scared?"
Mikihisa: "You bitch... What're you gonna do if you lose? You'd better be prepared to risk something worthwhile here."
Fiona: "I'll do {anything}! Since I won't lose! I'm sure you're the type who can only throw rock since 'it's a man's fist' or something, Mikihisa-san!"
Mikihisa: "You think...... Feh! I'm not bored enough to try to order you around, Miss Mother Fiona!"
Fiona: "Oh, are you running away? The feast will be tonight after second mass, alright? I really hope you'll make it!"
Well, morning mass is done with, then. Whoever comes to pray today will just do so on their own, so they shouldn't need me for much.
Usually I'd sit quietly at the reception desk when I've finished my other duties, but as there's only one entrance, I think I'll be fine heading out... though it may be presumptuous of me to say so.
The truth of the matter, like Mikihisa-san said, is that not too many people come here anyway...
Fiona: "After I record the donations into our account book, I'll go buy the food for the lovefeast. I got the office all cleaned up yesterday, so that should be good!"
Fiona: "...It isn't my fault we're so short on hands that nobody will be here to watch the church while I'm gone..."
Father Gaimon: "Thus saith the Lord:"
Fiona: "Aah!"
Father Gaimon: "'Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest.'"
Fiona: "P-Please don't scare me like that, Father! You can't just appear out of nowhere like that! Like a ghost! Really... Good work this morning."
Father Gaimon: "You and Mikihisa are exact opposites, aren't you? A hard worker and a slacker appear to be completely different, but they are really two sides of the same coin."
Fiona: "D-Do you really think I'm a hard worker? Oh, I don't deserve that."
Father Gaimon: "I'd like him to follow your example and learn under the yoke of the Lord every day."
Fiona: "I'm just completely average! I give thanks to the Lord and praise Him, and I'm blessed for following His teachings."
Father Gaimon: "I do hope you hold on to those feelings, Sister Fiona. Leave the church to me until second mass and prepare for your feast."
Fiona: "Huh? Can I really? But since I said it myself, I should take care of it on my—"
Father Gaimon: "I am not coddling you. I'm aware that you were working late into the night yesterday."
Father Gaimon: "Not as a priest, but as a person, I merely want to reach out to the girl named Kousaki Fiona Annabel."
Fiona: "Thank you... I'll go buy everything right away!"
Father Gaimon: "God bless you."
The church was so beautiful in the sunlight. It was so soothing to look at, down to the depths of one's soul.
It was a solemn holy ground, befitting Father Gaimon, who offered salvation equally to all.
After working here two years... I wonder if I'm now the sister I aspired to be.
???/Shioriko: "Excuse me. It's my first time here. May I visit the church?"
Fiona: "...Yes♪ Of course!"
It took me a moment too long to respond, since I was basking in my feelings a bit too much.
I must give first-time visitors my best smile. I must put myself on the same level as them, being so friendly it's almost rude, so that they're not nervous.
From my work here, this was all now completely natural to me.
Fiona: "Churches can seem a little intimidating if you're not used to visiting them, can't they?"
???/Shioriko: "...Yes. Lots of people have had their own preconceptions about religion even before magic spread throughout society."
Fiona: "I was the same at first, but there's nothing to worry about. The church won't send anyone away, sinner or not."
???/Shioriko: "Of course, the reality is that atheists will always wonder if churches really are necessary for society. Atheists like me."
I tried to look welcoming, but she seemed like the sort of person who wouldn't believe anything she hadn't seen with those unwavering eyes of hers.
Fiona: "...Umm, pardon me, but for what reason did you visit today?"
???/Shioriko: "'...She said, and although puzzled, the sweet smile never left her face, as if to draw a clear line between the work of the clergy and other professions—"
???/Shioriko: "—Like her baptism and confirmation had truly afforded her a special position in life.'"
Fiona: "...Excuse me?"
???/Shioriko: "Mm...? Ah, apologies. Just a habit of mine. I shouldn't be surprised three nights without sleep is starting to affect me."
I didn't want to mention it, but her voice had seemed a bit strained since she first spoke to me. She was doing her best to hide those hints of fatigue in an impressive show of tenacity.
???/Shioriko: "I should have introduced myself sooner. Here you are."
Fiona: "Huh..."
The simple business card contained such basic information as her occupation, name, and contact address, as well as a description of her work on the back. Two or three titles appeared to be a list of her representative works.
Fiona: "'Kamidate Shioriko. Copywriting, reporting'... You're a freelance writer? I'm not familiar with your work, I apologize..."
Shioriko: "Ah, that's only natural. I'm basically self-published, but it helps to get work if I can list publications like this."
Fiona: "I see... Oh, then are you here to report on the church?"
Shioriko: "Yes. I apologize for not making an appointment, but I won't take too much of your time. Do you have a moment?"
Fiona: "Is that right? Well, the priest in charge is inside, but I'm not sure if he'll have time, since we're rather short on hands."
Shioriko: "'Short on hands'? Come to think of it, are the other sisters and such on different shifts?"
Fiona: "No. It's just me and the priest. We manage, since it's a small church."
Kamidate-san appeared a bit surprised to hear it. Why do I get the feeling that at some point she'd started interviewing me instead of the priest?
Fiona: "Normally, we'd be visiting other churches and helping to improve the welfare of constituents, but—"
Fiona: "Oh, but don't worry. We have several young men here in town who are brimming with volunteer spirit."
Shioriko: "...By which you mean...?"
Fiona: "They've got plenty of strength to spare and nothing to do with it, so they're spending time being useful to society."
Shioriko: "I see, and you facilitate this. ...So what sort of volunteering do they do?"
When she requested specifics, I couldn't find words I could say proudly right away. But since they're supposed to be vigilantes, I suppose I should say something to that effect.
Fiona: "Well... they're {supposed} to be maintaining public order in the entertainment district. Yes. Though some of it may just be them fooling around..."
Shioriko: "...I see......"
Shioriko: "'The hidden side of the church—A den for delinquents and salacious services with a cosplaying sister. A beautiful reporter uncovers the truth about this halfway house that offers salvation?!'..."
Fiona: "I don't think you'll be able to get away with making up a story like that."
Shioriko: "Mm...? Ah, apologies. It's that habit of mine. Should have at least taken a nap before visiting."
Fiona: "It wouldn't even really be acceptable as a bad habit."
Kamidate-san took a deep breath as if mustering up the last of her concentration and faced me directly.
Shioriko: "I believe the vigilante corps are a great idea, but it could be trouble if they stand out too much."
Shioriko: "I'm sure you're aware of this, but trouble is so rampant in the neon district these days that even the descriptor 'a breeding ground for crime' doesn't cover it."
Fiona: "........."
Shioriko: "Homeless OutCasts hide out here causing problems day and night, and I can no longer remain indifferent."
After reciting all that smoothly, Kamidate-san continued on as if having just thought up the question:
Shioriko: "I know. If you've heard anything from the vigilante corps about the activities of those OutCasts, could you relate the story to me?"
There was something just a bit odd about the way she said that.
It felt like {she'd been wanting to ask this question from the very beginning}... yet she'd taken the conversation on all sorts of pointless detours to get there.
Fiona: "I'm terribly sorry, but I have some shopping to do."
Shioriko: "I see. I guess I kinda held you up here. Well, this isn't much, but..."
I was surprised when she held out an envelope to me.
Fiona: "I can't accept remuneration. And if you're going to write an article, you'll really have to go through the proper channels and talk to the priest..."
Shioriko: "I'm well aware of that, so for today I'll just say I'm satisfied chatting with the sister a little."
Fiona: "...Then that's all the more reason I can't accept this."
Shioriko: "...Just a few seconds before I called out to you, Sister..."
Shioriko: "I suppose I just happened to be in precisely the right place at the right time."
Shioriko: "As I was gazing at the church, and the sister who appeared to be completely at home beside it, I felt as though the weight of my sins was lessened."
Shioriko: "I had a personal desire to speak with you, thinking it might lead to some sort of idea for an article."
There was some affection in her sudden smile. It made me think, "ah, she's the sort of person who can smile like that."
Fiona: "...Heheh. The holy atmosphere of the church is another form of God's love. I'll accept this as alms, then."
Shioriko: "Well, it was nice talking to you."
I saw Kamidate-san off, a little worried at the unsteadiness her lack of sleep had caused her.
In turn, I walked off in the opposite direction to take care of my own errands.
Fiona: "...Really... so fickle..."
I made sure I had the time and place right. I'm pretty sure this is it.
Fiona: "You're the one who wanted to meet here... and you don't call or anything?"
I knew this meeting wasn't anything important, otherwise it would have happened at night.
Fiona: "I've got my own life, you know!"
The shops should be opening soon. I decided to get the freshest food I could, first thing in the morning.
Fiona: "......Haahh... haahh... haahh..."
—I was running.
Running from the person behind that persistent gaze I'd felt ever since I went out to do my shopping.
I was trying not to let it bother me in the beginning, thinking I was just being overly self-conscious.
But while I was standing in front of the grocery store waiting for it to open, I felt a feverish gaze on me, clearly different than the curious glances I sometimes get because of my habit.
A fiery gaze filled with hostility—when I noticed it, I had already taken off running.
Fiona: "Haahh... haahh... haahh... that's all I've got..."
Hoodlum: "Hey, quit running!"
He caught up. The shadow behind me showed himself, grabbing my arm when I stopped to catch my breath.
Fiona: "Please don't touch me! I'm not accepting stalkers at the moment! I'm already betrothed to the Lord, okay?!"
Hoodlum: "Shut it! I know you're the sister at that church hiding the vigilantes!"
Fiona: "...? What about it? Oh, are you one of Mikihisa-san's friends looking to participate in the lovefeast? Why didn't you just say so, then!"
Hoodlum: "His 'friend'? Are you kidding me? I got caught up in their 'vigilante activities' in the entertainment district and look what happened to me!"
Fiona: "...!"
To put it in one word, it was tragic.
The teeth that were supposed to be lined up in his mouth were missing, or broken, or chipped. Air would whistle through them when he spoke, though not intentionally on his part.
Hoodlum: "I've had enough. Really. My head's full of nothing but thoughts of revenge."
Fiona: "Please let go of me!"
Hoodlum: "This is only the beginning. I'm gonna turn them into a bloodbath after this."
He listed out the things the vigilantes had done to him, as if for himself more than me, justifying his actions with "an eye for an eye."
I felt him growing more and more confident in his plans as he put his hatred into words.
His eyes bloodshot with fanatical anger, he finally raised up some sort of a tool above his head.
Brave Boy/Haruto: "It's not right to get violent with women. You're not playing fair."
Fiona: "Huh...?"
The voice, overflowing with what could only be called a blind devotion to justice, rang out clearly.
There was something strange about his words. When you're talking violence, "playing fair" hardly matters. But that wasn't important at the moment.
He intervened calmly into a dangerous situation with no regard for what could happen to himself. Something to aspire to, surely, but not so easily achievable.
Brave Boy/Haruto: "If there's some disagreement here, I'll gladly mediate. Sometimes talking to a third party can—"
Either because he was confused at the intrusion, or because he resented hearing a sound argument, the hoodlum pointed his weapon at the boy instead.
But I knew it would all be for naught.
The uniform was plenty to back up the boy's ample self-confidence—if this man could triumph over someone like that, he wouldn't have had so much trouble with the vigilante corps.
Hoodlum: "You privileged Casters can't possibly understand how I feel!!"
Hoodlum: "The scum in the entertainment district, you Casters, you're all the same! People with power always gotta act like they're better than anyone else!!"
It really took the blink of an eye for him to run off with those parting remarks.
I almost felt like a spectator, though I was the one being threatened only a few minutes ago.
Brave Boy/Haruto: "Are you alright?"
After patting the dust off his pants a bit, he had been holding his hand out to me for a little while. It was only then that I realized I'd fallen to the ground.
Fiona: "Th-Thank you. You aren't hurt?"
Brave Boy/Haruto: "We're fine. I don't know your circumstances, but maybe you should go to the police just to be safe?"
Girl/Hina: "Onii-chan#, we're gonna be late if we don't hurry#"
Brave Boy/Haruto: "I'm sorry, we're in a hurry, so...!"
Fiona: "Umm... No, it was my fault for holding you up. I'm Kousaki Fiona Annabel, a sister at the church."
Fiona: "If you're ever hurt, or feeling unsure of yourself... actually, please visit any time you feel like it."
He nodded as if he wasn't quite sure what I'd said, then turned away.
I could tell that he'd rushed off because he was plenty fulfilled in his daily life, and not because of any religious prejudice.
Fiona: "...So he didn't do it for my thanks or anything. May God's blessings be upon him."
I gave my thanks and praised the Lord.
I'd run into a bit of an accident during the day, but after I'd gotten back, my work had proceeded as normal, and I was able to prepare a little as I went.
There was a humble cooking space in the corner of the office with only the very minimum of a sink, a portable stove, and a cutting board.
The space was there for post-mass tea time, too small to truly be called a kitchen.
But, since we didn't currently invite churchgoers into the office, it was sort of like my break room.
Between my duties, I'd been slowly preparing all of the food I bought.
Fiona: "Alright, it's ready for the final touches."
I mixed dressing and three kinds of nuts into the fresh salad.
The pasta was just about done cooking, ready to be heaped onto a large plate as well. There was more than plenty of it! Though I couldn't really vouch for the taste.
Fiona: "They definitely seem like carnivores, so I've got some chicken too!"
Fiona: "And Fiona's specially-made—"
It was then that I realized.
{There was something behind me.}
The more I concentrated, the more pronounced the presence became, its ill will tickling the back of my neck.
Fiona: "—Wh-Who's there?!!"
I'd missed my opportunity to turn around, but I needed to see who was behind me.
But little did I know—{that moment was exactly what my visitor was waiting for.}
Fiona: "Aaaaaaaah!!"
A blade traced an arc in front of me, and everything went red.
====================C003.TXT====================
Having finished my final cleanup, I returned to the quiet hall.
I'd come to make sure the lights were turned off and the doors locked, but I noticed someone still seated among the pews.
Father Gaimon: "........."
The priest was in silent meditation. Probably his nightly prayers, thanking the Lord and reflecting on life.
I have no reason not to follow his example.
Fiona: "........."
Father Gaimon: "........."
We were praying for a long while. Finishing at the same time somehow or another, we looked to each other.
I was about to tell him that I'd finished my work when my terminal rang inconveniently.
I felt a bit awkward, as someone who should be striving to live frugally, but I smiled to try and cover up the feeling.
The priest followed suit.
Father Gaimon: "Why don't we close up, then?"
Fiona: "Right."
Father Gaimon: "Do you have a dinner date with your boyfriend after this?"
Fiona: "Wha-! Of course not!"
Father Gaimon: "That's too bad. I'm sure if I were a little younger, I wouldn't be able to leave a beautiful woman like you alone."
The priest is always candid after finishing a day's work. He doesn't lose his composure, but is still perfectly relaxed. It's not an ambience many people can maintain.
Father Gaimon: "You can only cut loose when you're young. Experiencing things like that every once in a while isn't a bad thing."
Father Gaimon: "It would be simple enough for you to devote everything to the clergy, but that might be a waste, in a way. You'd end up like me."
Every so often he'll mildly suggest I should go back to a regular life instead of spending all my days devoted to the church.
Only occasionally, as if he's just remembered, he'll express these concerns.
Father Gaimon: "You should just follow whatever path you believe in."
Whenever he's telling me things like that, my image of him starts to become a little unclear.
Fiona: "I think I'm... kind of more average than you think I am, Father."
Fiona: "I have as many contacts in my phone as any modern person would, and I take breaks so that I'm not overwhelmed."
Fiona: "There are times when I complain while I'm working... I wouldn't say I'm settled here at all."
I wasn't thinking about what exactly the topic was and what I should be saying.
But that's because {it didn't matter what I was saying}. Not understanding what I was saying or what the conversation was about was, if anything, closer to my ideal.
Fiona: "So... I mean, well..."
The priest's hand landed softly on my head. His large, rough hand seemed to me the hand of an adult, meant to protect.
Father Gaimon: "It's chilly out. Don't catch cold."
Fiona: "I'll see you tomorrow, Father."
And that was the end of that. I bowed to him and left the church.
Retrieving the message I'd gotten back in the church, I read through it quickly.
Fiona: "......"
I imagined the situation at the location specified and calculated the time I'd need.
The frozen winter air felt nice and comfortable.
Fiona: "........."
The taste of the candy spreading through my mouth washed away the tremors in my heart.
A captivating flavor, full of intense stimulation.
It spread through my body like poison, reminding me of what I had to do.
Fiona: "......We're not that far away..."
Fiona: "We're closer than we were then..."
Fiona: "And now we can almost reach..."
I took care of everything just as the message had said to.
And now I was having the same sort of {private time} I always do.
There were no problems.
The day's fatigue was washed away along with my sweat.
As I started to feel more at ease, my humming naturally joined the sound of the running water.
I felt very comfortable.
All the filth clinging to me washed away in no time.
I must be clean in mind and body.
It's very important.
If I stretch, drink some warm milk, and get a good night's sleep, all my fatigue will be completely reset.
It's a very significant thing.
I can't skip any part of this routine if I want to enjoy tomorrow.
Fiona: "The children clamor / look, look, it's cotton candy / what flavor is it?"
Fiona: "Will I understand soon... Sensei...?"
====================C004.TXT====================
We even locked up the church to go visit the magic criminal detention facility, but it was a complete waste of time, since they denied us entrance.
The priest walked beside me just like usual, not looking affected at all by it.
Seeing him like that, I almost wonder if I'm the one in the wrong for maintaining a gloomy silence and plodding along dejectedly.
Fiona: "Do you think this is really because of all the trouble Mikihisa-san and his friends are causing in the entertainment district?"
Father Gaimon: "They've merely returned to only allowing visits from family members, like usual."
Fiona: "Didn't you say you could get permission until recently? That before, their future employers or people helping them with social rehabilitation could visit?"
Fiona: "Their attitudes completely changed when they heard the name of our church. It doesn't sit right with me."
Father Gaimon: "You mustn't be so cross, sister. Are you going to speak with our visitors like that? I think that expression on your face is the bigger problem."
Fiona: "But... it's not fair, when you're only thinking about the vigilantes' rehabilitation, Father."
Father Gaimon: "I was trying to see one of the people I arrested back when I was a police officer, the only one who was a magic criminal."
Fiona: "When you were a police officer, Father...? I've never heard about that."
Father Gaimon: "It was a long time ago."
The priest swept it all away with that phrase, but I knew there was a lot of meaning wrapped up in what he said.
Maybe he seems so close to Mikihisa-san because he's dealt with him for a long time, what with his minor offenses and such.
As I was imagining that, the priest began suddenly speaking as though he was in a dream.
Father Gaimon: "Do you know of the amendments they passed when magic crime was on the rise, to increase the severity of punishments?"
Fiona: "Well, it sounds as though they were trying to intimidate people into obeying the law." 
Father Gaimon: "It's true that they restored order when the country was in a lot of trouble, but they also garnered opposition from a portion of society."
Father Gaimon: "After magic began to be further regulated, more amendments were passed so that all magic crimes were no longer lumped together, and now there are lighter sentences as well."
Fiona: "Right."
Father Gaimon: "When I arrested him, it was unfortunately in that short period when the laws were very strict. It was a first offense, and nothing worse than using his magic to shoplift—but he was sentenced to three years in prison without probation."
Father Gaimon: "He grew to hate magic society, and committed a crime once more."
Father Gaimon: "Even if his intentions were the same, using magic instead of a blade made the weight of his crime so much greater. He's lost most of his life because of it."
Fiona: "...If he blamed his imprisonment on the era and committed a second offense, isn't that because he didn't repent enough for his crimes?"
Fiona: "Heavy or light, a sin is a sin. It's only natural to be punished for it."
Father Gaimon: "You're right. But I was made to notice how strange it was... judging people by rules others had decided."
Fiona: "......"
Father Gaimon: "A path so bright had suddenly gone dark."
Father Gaimon: "I was merely a police officer; I couldn't do anything about how vilified magic crime had become. I must have been psychologically exhausted."
Father Gaimon: "No one understood the things I was struggling with. When people are faced with a problem they can't solve on their own, in the end they always cling to God and pray."
Father Gaimon: "God was the only one who had an answer for me. I was so moved, I cried a lifetime's worth of tears. God taught me the meaning of true salvation."
Father Gaimon: "So, Sister Fiona, there is no need for the clergy's ideals to match those of society. And over that, there is nothing to fret."
Lead as many people as possible down a path of salvation, and pray.
That appeared to be everything to the priest, after he'd received his divine calling.
???/Satoru: "........."
While I was lending an ear to the priest, I noticed a pedestrian on the other side of the street had stopped and was staring at us.
We're used to curious gazes, our appearances being what they are... but I felt like I'd seen this man somewhere...
???/Satoru: "True, that's probably fine enough for religious types. Abandon all thinking—no, pardon me. As long as you continue offering forgiveness to as many as you can, you have a reason for living."
???/Satoru: "But it isn't that easy for us nonbelievers."
Fiona: "...Ah, aah! Aaah!"
Father Gaimon: "Ahem."
Fiona: "Father, it's Kokuryuu Satoru! He's that sociologist...? Pundit...? That you see on debate shows!"
Fiona: "Y-You think we're on TV right now? I haven't thought up a way to advertise the church!"
Father Gaimon: "Sister."
Fiona: "Ah...! I-I've done it now!"
Fiona: "I-I'm so sorry..."
I was so surprised that I pointed almost automatically, but then shrunk with embarrassment.
Satoru: "I don't mind. If people know my name, my words must carry a lot more influence."
Satoru: "It's true that I'm trying to increase my media appearances, to make myself seem more approachable."
Satoru: "Just as you say, my name is Kokuryuu. You were having a very intriguing conversation, so I couldn't help but eavesdrop."
Mr. Kokuryuu and the priest gave each other simple, mature introductions.
Their opinions clashed on such matters as the decline of religious faith after the introduction of everyday miracles in the form of magic, as well as the current government's magic regulation policies.
They weren't sharing their opinions, but merely looking at society as a whole, and all I could do was shrink down and pray that they wouldn't turn the conversation on me.
Father Gaimon: "—Magic liberation?"
Satoru: "Yes, those who oppose the current magic regulation system."
Satoru: "For instance, if you ask 'please explain what magic is,' most people will simply say it's {something convenient.}"
Satoru: "That's an adverse effect of the current practice of teaching proper magical knowledge only to those with high aptitude."
Satoru: "If things continue in this way, then the divide between Casters with high aptitude and regular people will become irreparably wide."
Father Gaimon: "True, things are unequal at present, but I can understand the people in support of strict regulation as well."
Satoru: "The accident seven years ago that brought about distrust of magic—the Fall of Icarus, eh?"
Father Gaimon: "The aircraft's engine, which incorporated Magi, broke down for unknown reasons."
Father Gaimon: "The memory of this terrible accident, in which every passenger on the Triumph A2X lost their lives, is still fresh in people's memories."
Satoru: "The incident caused many people to act on anti-magic sentiments they already harbored, and magic crime increased as a result of that."
Satoru: "When the commotion finally settled, the populace decided to stop rocking the boat and hope for peace..."
Satoru: "It's cowardly to merely maintain the status quo after all these failures. Why does no one stand up when they know we deserve so much more?"
Satoru: "We should not be content to let magic technology find its way only to infrastructure. We must voice our complaints and work toward basic magical education for the sake of the future."
Satoru: "What do you think, young sister?"
Fiona: "Mm... mm... mmph..."
Father Gaimon: "...S-Sister?"
Fiona: "Y-You whean whe?"
Satoru: "........."
Fiona: "Mm, mmph... mm♪ It's a lollipop. Would you like one?"
Satoru: "No, thank you. I try to limit my sugar consumption outside of meals."
Fiona: "I really should too. I'll eat too much... phew."
Fiona: "I think your vision of the future is beautiful, Mr. Kokuryuu, but as long as magic crime still exists, it'll be difficult to realize, won't it?"
Satoru: "A very pertinent opinion."
Satoru: "OutCasts who use magic for their own personal gain, evading the eyes of the law—they are the greatest wall standing between us and political reform."
Satoru: "There is no end to the people who say OutCasts are the worst possible outcome of magic liberation."
Fiona: "It's scary to think people could use highly lethal magic without regulation. Like, what about a gun society? Burglary would probably increase too."
Satoru: "That's not true. In a perfect gun society, regular citizens would have more power to protect their homes, leading to less burglary."
Father Gaimon: "I don't believe magic and guns can be fairly compared anyway. Guns and blades are nothing but weapons."
Satoru: "It's as you say. With magic, an individual can gain power to rival a small army. A single unarmed man could cause large-scale terrorism with high enough magical aptitude."
Satoru: "But I assure you I can assuage all your fears if you attend my forum."
Satoru: "I plan to go into concrete yet easy to understand specifics on ethics and magic risk management."
Father Gaimon: "You're working at this very proactively."
Satoru: "Yes, I'll be holding a lecture tomorrow, too..."
A shadow stole over Mr. Kokuryuu's face before he continued.
Satoru: "...I do hope they don't make a scene. While there's more and more support for my way of thinking, it moves further from the minds of the public every time OutCasts are in the news."
Father Gaimon: "Sister Fiona, did you not have OutCasts you were close to?"
Fiona: "Huh? Well... I suppose so."
Satoru: "...You have friends who are potential criminals? Maybe we shouldn't be speaking, then."
Fiona: "......Well... yes..."
I flinched when he directed a distasteful stare my way. He had obviously taken the priest's teasing question the wrong way.
Father Gaimon: "Children are born without sin. I don't believe it's right to alter the way you treat someone just because they have friends who may or may not commit crimes."
Satoru: "........."
Father Gaimon: "Why not tell the sister's friends about this lecture instead?"
Satoru: "Hm?! What good will that do? I have nothing but disgust for them. I deny their entire existence."
Father Gaimon: "I believe the sister's friends have some influence among OutCasts."
Fiona: "E-Ermm..."
Father Gaimon: "If you don't want anything happening tomorrow, maybe having her ask them about such could have some effect."
Satoru: "Impossible... it's more likely the opposite will happen."
Father Gaimon: "If you are so anxious you cannot accept an offer of assistance, then forget about reform and come to the church."
Satoru: "........."
Taken aback, Mr. Kokuryuu searched for an answer but couldn't appear to find one.
Fiona: "I-I understand! I'll talk to them as best as I can! Just rest assured and hold your lecture, Mr. Kokuryuu!"
I was trying not to think about anything.
But just being here was making my mouth go dry.
My only concern was how quickly I was going through my lollipops.
Fiona: "I was really surprised back there. I didn't think you'd suggest that to Mr. Kokuryuu!"
Father Gaimon: "OutCasts are regular people deserving of salvation as well."
Fiona: "...'Unless I see the nail marks in his hands and put my finger where the nails were, and put my hand into his side, I will not believe.'"
That was the answer I arrived at when I thought about what the priest wanted to say.
Father Gaimon: "Exclusion will only lead to mistrust, and mistrust spreads like a disease. Considering all OutCasts to be obstacles is simply too tragic."
Father Gaimon: "True objectivity is impossible, even if you're aware of that fact. People always have an unconscious social hierarchy in mind, which means discrimination and prejudice will never disappear."
Fiona: "I'll take that to heart, and try to learn from it."
Father Gaimon: "Please prepare for mass, then. I—hm?"
Fiona: "Hwah! Here comes a pretty kitty!"
A cat padded over with not a care in the world, circled around the priest's legs a few times, and sat right down.
Father Gaimon: "It appears it got attached to me after I fed it once or twice. Do you suppose it wants to play with me?"
Fiona: "It totally wants to play! It's totally head over heels for youuu!"
Fiona: "Ooh, you're so good at seducing them, Father! Just how many do you have crying for you that I don't know about?"
Father Gaimon: "You must love cats, Sister."
Fiona: "I do! They're so cute!"
Fiona: "Oh, but I'm not the sort of girl who believes calling everything cute will make me cute in return. Mikihisa-san had some words for me on that subject."
Father Gaimon: "...So you merely love cats, without hoping that your feelings will reap any secondary benefits?"
Fiona: "I suppose so. My love is genuine and pure. And if you asked what I love most about them, I'd have to say their little toe beans! It's a blessing to receive their stamps on my forehead!"
The cat seemed to trust the priest utterly, waving its front paw at him to get his attention.
Fiona: "Oh, it's rubbing itself against you! That proves it's relaxed! Now go, Father!"
Father Gaimon: "'Go'... meaning...?"
Fiona: "It's giving you the green light! C'mon, look at its face! It's practically saying 'go ahead'! You've been absolved!"
Father Gaimon: "...I see... so I've been absolved... and I never even realized..."
Fiona: "You're absolved to pet."
The priest stared off into the distance as if looking far into the past. I could hardly stand it.
Fiona: "Oooh#, so cute! Please give it some love! There's a girl here who can't do anything but look on in envy, you know!"
Father Gaimon: "O, Lord..."
The priest didn't respond. That word, "absolved," must have triggered something in him to start this meditation.
Fiona: "Oh? This is... the cat that scratched at me yesterday."
Fiona: "The sin of ruining my special jam is a heavy one, you know!"
I crept up behind it, wondering how to show it my love, when—
Its fur stood on end and it leapt at me with an intimidating yowl.
Fiona: "Aah! Not this again!!"
Fiona: "Owie... hey, don't jump out like that—"
I followed it with my eyes as it leapt over the wall around the church.
Fiona: "Huh?"
A car was approaching its landing point at the worst possible time.
Will I make it? Will I not? What do I do?
I'll save it, of course—I'll make myself make it.
Why? Well... because that's... {the normal thing to do.}
I unconsciously adjusted my output, angle, speed—there. I aimed for the front wheel. If I gave it a little ramp, the tire would clear the cat.
That way, I'll use the least amount of magic without being detected. It won't leave any evidence, either.
Fiona: "[Snow falling, falling / piling up on the cold ground / forming a deep bank.]"
???/Asahi: "Look out!!"
A voice. I don't know where it came from, but a voice moved the cat.
The car bounced like a lowrider over my impromptu ice ramp, but the cat's original location was by no means safe.
The driver peered cautiously out of the window to see if he'd hit something.
The cat fled to a safe space, not looking particularly perturbed, and my ice ramp crumbled and melted away.
Fiona: "........."
I looked down at my hand.
Did I really need to go that far?
To try and save a cat after hearing that conversation between the priest and Mr. Kokuryuu, just because I can use magic...
I felt like something was... off, just a little bit.
If I'd made one wrong move, I could have caused a huge accident—so was that truly the right action for "me" to take?
Fiona: "......That girl..."
An Academy uniform. If that girl hadn't surprised the cat with her shout, it really would have been run over.
???/Asahi: "Good job there."
Fiona: "Huh?"
It took me a little time to realize she was clapping, since her expression was far from what you'd expect.
Fiona: "That's enough of that. Your hands will turn red."
???/Asahi: "I overcame my trial because of you! Thank you so much!"
Fiona: "I didn't do that..."
???/Asahi: "That doesn't matter to me. You just did what you had to, and I did what I had to."
She was completely unconcerned that this was our first meeting, having started and ended the conversation as if it was nothing at all. It must just not be her nature to worry about those things.
Father Gaimon: "...I heard a loud noise. Did something happen?"
Fiona: "Oh, no. I guess I'm just not qualified to play with pretty kitties yet."
I put my hand to the nape of my neck, where the cat had scratched me, and it came away bloody.
I should prepare for mass to improve my mood.
====================C005.TXT====================
Fiona: "Ahh... Senri-san...... What... What do I do..."
My voice didn't reach Senri-san, focused as he was on his investigation.
Fiona: "Wh-What are you doing...? I'm scared..."
But it doesn't matter in this instance whether he can hear me or not.
What's important is that it's "normal" for me to be frightened right now, and that my reaction {makes sense}.
Not understanding the situation, trembling in fear of this inexplicable corpse, doubting everything in her confusion, is the "normal" that Kousaki Fiona Annabel has been charged with.
Fiona: "I smelled something strange, and grew curious... and I had this really bad feeling about it, but when I came here, I found..."
Senri—the man who comes running to find a liquefied corpse, and prioritizes inspecting it over comforting me.
If he were just a regular witness, things would have been easier.
But this man is an OutCast. I can't make any mistakes. The situation is already nothing more than failure on my part.
Rather than get involved with something annoying, I decided it would be better to have someone I know witness my reaction.
Senri: "......This is..."
The corpse bubbled as the liquefaction process progressed. Its limbs separated from its body, creating distinct puddles of their own.
A cracked Ring was still wrapped around a liquefying chunk of meat that had once been an arm.
Senri picked it up off the ground like you would discarded change.
Fiona: "Urp—"
I {willed} bile to rise in my throat.
I {brought myself} to a state of near-vomiting, intent as I was on portraying a "normal" reaction to such a grotesque scene.
Senri: "...An OutCast or a Caster... Either way, somebody who could use magic, no doubt about that."
Senri: "Maybe he discovered something he shouldn't have and was erased as a result... If it's this badly broken, I'm not going to be able to find out anything, huh..."
Senri: "It's disappearing as time passes—the temperature? In this season, it'll disappear on its own if exposed to the elements..."
Senri: "The dissolving itself isn't difficult, but for it to speed up in cold isn't normal for something organic... Either it's a new kind of chemical, no, just magic, maybe..."
He's muttering everything he's thinking out loud. Maybe it's a habit of his.
—And what he's saying is more than enough reason to erase him.
His back is defenseless.
His attention is directed wholly toward the corpse.
There's no one behind him but a single frail sister.
The situation is more than enough to tempt me.
It's tantalizing. The circumstances urge me forward.
"Do it, do it! Now, now!"
I felt myself seized by the allure of that perfect outcome—
Senri: "..."
Senri turned to face me with no warning at all.
Fiona: "—Y-Yes?"
He turned his blank mask of a face to me. He looked as if there was nothing in the world that interested him, but intense caution was hidden behind that lack of expression.
Senri: "...Ah, mm. Nothing."
Fiona: "Uh, 'mm'? ...Is there something strange? Er, well, everything's strange, really..."
Senri: "Wait a bit longer. I'll see you home safe."
Fiona: "...A-Alright."
As if nothing at all had happened, he turned his attention back to the piles of meat in the area.
Fiona: "......"
...Ah...... Ahh! Is that what it was?
A jolt ran through me from my head to my toes.
I shuddered.
It was the first time I'd shuddered in a long, long while.
He'd let that commentary spill out so that I could hear it—It was a trap to see how the only other person here would react.
He hadn't shown a single sign that he suspected me, yet he'd turned around at the slightest tremor in the air.
Fiona: "......"
I was relieved I'd made the right choice.
This man who calls himself Senri is a complete unknown.
He's one of very few people who could be real trouble.
I had no idea there was someone like this around...
Fiona: "Umm... I think I've calmed down a little. Don't you think we should call the police without disturbing the scene too much? This is some kind of crime, isn't it?"
It's not a good idea to think too much right now. I decided to just talk to him naturally. Normally. Like I always do.
Senri: "...A Ring... I see."
He ignored me and did something baffling, as if he'd come to some epiphany.
He took out {two} Rings... and put them on both arms.
Senri: "...I get it."
He made a strange expression like he was comparing the flavors of two wines, then gave a firm nod as if he'd come to a conclusion.
Senri: "When you came here, did you see somebody wearing a hood?"
Fiona: "A hood...? No, when I arrived, it was just..."
Senri: "What we see here. You were lucky, then."
Fiona: "........."
I see. So I would have been dead had I seen this "Hood."
{That was close, then.}
Fiona: "...Senri-san, let's do the right thing and call the police. I'll talk to them about what I found."
Senri: "You don't need to."
Fiona: "Huh? Wh-Why not?"
Senri: "Because nothing happened. See? It's all gone."
The corpse on the ground had disappeared as if it had never been there.
All that remained was a black, human-shaped stain soaked into the ground.
Senri: "Without proof, the police won't do anything."
Fiona: "B-But... somebody died, right?"
Senri: "How can you tell? Were you recording this? Isn't it just your speculation that it was once a person?"
Fiona: "...Even if it wasn't, this isn't normal."
Senri: "120,000 people go missing every year."
Senri: "Do you know what percentage of those are related to crime, or what percentage remain missing?"
Fiona: "...No, I don't."
Senri: "More cases like these than you can count are consigned to oblivion. And that's nothing new."
Senri: "Avert your eyes. Don't come back to the entertainment district at night, or this could be you next."
Fiona: "........."
Senri: "You've had a rough night, kiddo. I'll take you home."
Senri: "You've got your own day waiting for you tomorrow, like I've got mine. Keeping this memory with you won't be any help."
When he gave me that can of Re:D Elephant in his apartment, he said he just liked the packaging.
With that elephant being kicked down by the cartoon idol, Re:non—reality isn't that cute, though.
When a beast is freed from its cage, humans realize just how powerless they truly are. All they can do before power is submit to it.
Senri: "If you're scared, I don't mind holding your hand."
Fiona: "I'm alright."
I thought I saw a glimpse of a monster in the hand he held out to me...
But it doesn't really matter, as his power is only being perceived by a "normal" girl like myself.
The scalding 42 degrees Celsius shower pounded down against me, slowly loosening my taught nerves.
I combed through the hair clinging to my back with both hands, rinsing out the second round of shampoo.
Nothing in particular had changed.
I was still myself, even in this perfectly private space.
I was relieved in having confirmed that.
Another one of my completely "normal" days was coming to an end.
====================C006.TXT====================
"I've done something very good. It makes me so happy."
The Hood felt a vague satisfaction with each of its kills, like the inexhaustible fulfillment people feel every day upon feeding themselves.
Even if it were sneered at for its deception, the Hood still basked in that sense of satisfaction, as though it had done a very good deed.
Let's look back on the scene several minutes before those two arrived here—when the liquefied man still looked like a person.
He was but a single death among dozens, hundreds, all similiarly erased.
Man in Suit: "Blrb, glp, blrp... ghn..."
The Hood cocked its head as the man spewed gastric juices about and collapsed.
Even after disassembling dozens, hundreds of them, the Hood still couldn't completely understand humanity's fundamental fragility.
When a child kills an ant, he first steps on it. Raising his foot, he observes the ant twitching, then brings his shoe down once more to finish it off.
Holding a finger down on it for a few seconds would suffice to end its life, but he crushes it offhandedly, giving no thought to finishing the job—the Hood was much the same.
Man in Suit: "Gh... ah... ah...... ah......"
The Hood stood with its foot on the man's head after obtaining all the worthwhile information it could.
That this man wanted revenge on a certain someone.
That he had been deemed a liability because of that someone and forced to resign his position.
Because of that powerful urge for revenge, the Hood had easily found its target.
Instead of merely killing the half-dead man, the Hood took certain measures as well.
By doing so, the Hood's breast filled with euphoric delight.
"...The world won't even notice if one or two people disappear."
"And so, its limited resources should be put to a proper use."
"I've done something very good. It makes me so happy."
At least, being so defective a human being, the Hood never doubted for a second that what it was doing was a good deed.
====================C007.TXT====================
Today is that special day that comes once a month.
Not for the church, but for me—In other words, something like a payday.
I'm not sure whether I should be happy that my cleaning is going quicker because there aren't any visitors to the church, but there's no need to think of it as a minus, right?
Fiona: "Alright! It's perfect!"
I gave a satisfied snort at a job well done.
Fiona: "......I'm frightened..."
Fiona: "Shining up this whole place all by myself... What do I do? My talent frightens me."
I'd worked without rest, but as there was no one around, I ended up singing my own praises.
Fiona: "I'm frightened someone will tell me, 'I didn't know you were literally perfect, Sister.' I'm frightened I'll become jealous of myself, since I can do anything..."
Father Gaimon: "—So she says. I'd say she's doing fine."
Fiona: "Eeeeek! I-If you're there, please say something!"
When I turned around, I found a visitor standing next to the priest.
I felt the color drain from my face.
Headmaster/Inui: "I'm almost sad to find you haven't changed one bit since last month."
Fiona: "A-Ahaha and eheheh..."
Headmaster/Inui: "Laughing things off because you don't know how to respond is even worse than second-rate. Have some more fortitude. And I haven't seen you in a while, so don't you have anything to say?"
Fiona: "Welcome b—ah, no. Welcome to the church. I've been waiting!"
Headmaster/Inui: "Mm."
Father Gaimon: "Don't scold her any more, would you? She's been working very hard in anticipation of your visit."
Headmaster/Inui: "Perhaps it's not my place to talk, since I was the one who left her here, but isn't there no point in it unless she works hard every single day?"
Father Gaimon: "If not for the sister, this church couldn't even stay open. I'd have to close it in the mornings or the afternoons or I'd collapse from overwork."
Headmaster/Inui: "...It's a relief to hear that. You never lie, after all."
Father Gaimon: "Since I serve the Lord."
I felt myself shrinking a little between the two dignified adults. I think the same thing happened with Kokuryuu Satoru.
Father Gaimon: "She can be childish at times, but she's quite powerful. She doesn't let just anything get her down, and everyone is charmed by the sight of her working her hardest."
Headmaster/Inui: "It wouldn't be much if that was all you could count on her for, but for now I suppose I'm glad she seems to be getting along well with people."
Father Gaimon: "She's just as respectable as her father. I couldn't turn her away after you bowed your head to me thrice."
Headmaster/Inui: "What are you talking about, Father? I don't remember begging you to take on this burden."
Fiona: "That's right! I-I'll make some tea! Let's relax a little in the office."
Father Gaimon: "My, you're an avid visitor lately."
Fiona: "Senri-san?"
He really is mysterious. He walks in here with no warning, yet I don't find myself put off by him at all.
Senri: "The vigilante corps taking the day off?"
Senri-san asked this, glancing around the church without paying us any mind.
Fiona: "They're not that organized, but no, I haven't seen them today."
Senri: "I see... Maybe they found something interesting in the entertainment district."
He muttered to himself, his hand already on the door.
Senri: "Looks like you forgot all about last night after a good rest."
Fiona: "Ah, yes, I did."
Headmaster/Inui: "'Last night'... Is there something between you two I should know about?"
Fiona: "Please don't mind him. He just likes to say things that are misleading. He's quite dependable, though."
Headmaster/Inui: "His way of living practically oozes from his back. I know exactly what sort of man he is."
Father Gaimon: "Headmaster Inui, since you've come all this way, why not join us in the office for some tea?"
Headmaster/Inui: "Apologies, but I've got to get going. Fiona, a treat."
He thrust out a bag at me.
Fiona: "Oh...♪ Thank you so much as always, Sensei!"
They were lollipops, one of my essentials. If I bought them myself, I'd never stop eating them, so I wait for "Sensei" to bring them to me once a month instead.
Headmaster/Inui: "You're still quite a child if you're thankful for something like this."
Fiona: "Heheh, I remember you every time I have one; they help me stay focused. As long as I have these, I won't forget."
Fiona: "I'll never forget."
Headmaster/Inui: "...Very good."
====================C008.TXT====================
Every moment was precious, precious, precious, precious.
The Hood leapt out to the quiet tunes of a soprano voice.
Fiona: "Huh?!"
A young woman with a voluptuous body, bursting with vitality. The Hood only sighed at the feminine scent the woman gave off.
Which one had actually been surprised? The singer of the hymn put a hand on her hip and gave the Hood a relaxed smile.
Fiona: "Don't you think you're pushing it a little?"
Sighing once again, the Hood made the decision to give the moment over to the woman in front of it.
Fiona: "You're doing all this with authorization, I hope."
Grasping her meaning, the Hood gave her a plain, concise explanation.
It knew there was a makeshift aspect to its explanation, and hoped she either wouldn't notice—or would let it go if she did.
Fiona: "—So if we summarize what you just explained:"
Fiona: "You're not acting on your own authority, but are merely hastening your collecting to account for the acceleration of our plans."
Fiona: "In order to expand our sample size and achieve our goals... Am I right? I understand, but don't you think it's about time to quit?"
Things were getting out of hand. The Hood was well aware of the growing tensions between the OutCasts and vigilante corps.
Everything was going according to plan. All that was left was to continue their collections and wait for the curtains to fall.
Fiona: "Just don't go {overboard}, alright?"
The Hood ignored her warning, running off again like it was late for an appointment.
Artificial cultivation would never beat nature—pondering certain inevitabilities, the Hood was certain that its actions would lead only to success.
The night was far from over.
====================D001.TXT====================
Asahi: "Haahh, haahh, haahhh..."
It hurts to breathe. I've been running the whole way here, so my body is screaming for rest.
But I can't afford to stop. There isn't much time until the tragedy arrives.
Asahi: "Where are you...!"
I ran, checking the faces of each and every person coming and going around me.
Asahi: "......"
As I moved my legs, I thought back to my earlier encounter with them.
Female Student A: "Huh? Are you right in the head?"
Asahi: "I say this for your sakes. I want to save you three!"
Female Student B: "Save us from what...? I think I'd rather be saved from this conversation, personally."
Female Student C: "Come on, let's just ignore her and go. She's Rikudou Asahi. We shouldn't talk to her."
I managed to find the three of them on their way home from school, at least.
However, as I feared, they had no intention of actually listening to me.
Female Student A: "We're really too busy to be paying you any attention."
Female Student B: "I dunno, this is kinda fun. Why don't we have a little chat with her?"
Female Student C: "No way! This girl's famous for being totally batshit! They say she was the one behind that fire in the science lab a little while ago!"
The girl with the blue scarf was glaring at me, her arms folded.
The one with the yellow bag on her shoulder seemed like she'd at least hear me out, but the one with bright red lipstick wanted to leave as soon as possible.
I'd looked up their names beforehand, but it was easier to distinguish them by color.
After all, when they were lined up like this, they looked just like a traffic light. And maybe that made me a pedestrian waiting to cross.
Female Student A: "Are we done here? We've got a thing we're gonna be late for."
The blue one stepped forward. I guess blue means go.
But even if the light is red, I won't stop. I can't afford to stop.
Asahi: "No. If you go, you'll die. If you have plans to go somewhere, do it tomorrow instead. Go straight home today."
Female Student B: "We're gonna die...? How? Are you gonna kill us?"
Asahi: "Uh, wait one second..."
I took out my diary and turned to the relevant page. What was the accident going to be caused by again—
Female Student A: "What's that? Lemme see it."
Asahi: "Huh?!"
She grabbed the diary from me and looked through it.
Female Student A: "Huh? The heck is this?"
Female Student B: "What's it say?"
Female Student A: "It says we're gonna get in an accident and be crushed under some rubble and die. That's hilarious."
Female Student C: "That's why I said she's trouble! Let's hurry up and get out of here!"
Asahi: "Give it back."
I grabbed it back without waiting for her to answer me.
This is my precious diary, where my trials to get to the Land of Dreams are written. It's not something I can just hand over to other people so easily.
Female Student A: "Hmm? Guess the rumors are true. She's legit."
Female Student A: "If you're that serious, maybe we really will do what you say."
Asahi: "Really?"
Female Student A: "In exchange, could you do us a favor? Since you want something from us, it's only natural, right?"
Asahi: "Sure. What do you want me to do?"
Female Student A: "We're thirsty, so could you buy us some drinks?"
Asahi: "No problem. Just wait here."
The cafeteria's just around the corner, and there are vending machines there.
I put away my diary and headed in that direction.
Female Student A: "Right, let's go."
Female Student B: "Huh? We're not gonna wait for her?"
Female Student A: "Of course not. We're gonna lose it ourselves talking to somebody like her."
Asahi: "......"
I hadn't even been gone for five minutes, yet they'd already left when I returned.
Asahi: "I see, so they deceived me."
Asahi: "...I hope they meet with divine punishment."
When you do something bad, you receive a fitting punishment. God is watching, after all.
But they can't be punished today. Their sin isn't so heavy that they should lose their lives over it.
That's why I'll save them. Because it's the trial that's been given to me.
Asahi: "Haaah..."
I sucked in a big breath, because such an approach is required when you want to produce volume.
Asahi: "Does anyone know where they were headed?! If you know, please tell me!"
I received a few different reactions. Some people turned toward me, their eyes wide, while others looked away, having been watching me beforehand.
I headed over to a boy who had a bit of a different reaction than everyone around him.
Asahi: "Do you know?"
Male Student D: "I-I think they said something about meeting in front of the station...? For a mixer."
Asahi: "I see. Got it."
If I know where they're headed, maybe I can still do something. As long as there's a possibility, I can't give up until the end.
I put my diary in my bag and ran off.
Asahi: "Haahh, haahh, I need to find them soon. There's no time left..."
I found plenty of other things to mislead me. Students wearing Academy uniforms and electric traffic lights...
Asahi: "I have to find them... I have to stop the tragedy..."
But there was no point looking at my surroundings. What I needed to find was them.
Asahi: "Haahh... haahh... Calm down. Let's think about this one more time."
I took out my diary and thought once more over whether or not it contained any clues.
"XX/XX, after school."
I found the relevant heading and checked over it. The names of those three, and the fact that an accident will occur. It said that some rubble would collapse and crush them beneath it.
But it didn't list a specific location or time. Just the incident that would occur and who it would happen to. That's what this diary lists.
Asahi: "I really just have to find them."
I began walking back the way I came when I noticed some kind of commotion.
The people walking down the street were hurriedly making way for something. I couldn't see his face, but someone was running.
He wasn't wearing a uniform, so I knew right away that he wasn't who I was searching for. Well, I suppose there are people other than me frantically trying to overcome their trials.
Unfortunately, I couldn't help him, but I wished him luck all the same.
I was watching the direction he'd run off in, so I didn't notice the footsteps until it was too late.
???/Haruto: "Aaah, outta the way!!"
Asahi: "Huh...?"
A boy came running, suddenly twisting himself to avoid hitting me.
Asahi: "Aaah?!"
But we didn't completely avoid a collision, and the impact sent my diary flying from my hands.
???/Haruto: "I'm sorry!!"
Asahi: "Wait a second!"
???/Haruto: "Aaah?!"
The boy tripped on something and almost fell, but he hit the ground hands-first, lifted himself back up, and took off again.
Asahi: "WHAA?!"
I couldn't help screaming when I noticed what had tripped him up.
What had nearly stopped him in his tracks was the diary I had just been holding.
Asahi: "How could this happen?!"
I hurriedly scooped my diary up from the ground.
And at the same time, saw the people I'd been looking for—
Asahi: "Aah!!"
Three girls heading down the steps of the station—
It's them for sure, and I've got to catch them before they get mixed up in the crowd—
I put away my diary and took off running again.
I slipped through the mass of people and managed to get near them.
Female Student A: "Holy crap, I don't believe this! Are you seriously retarded?!"
Asahi: "I'm going to say it again. Go home. You'll make it if you leave now."
Female Student A: "Cut this shit out! We don't have time to put up with your fantasies!"
Female Student C: "Come on, let's just get out of here. We'll be late!"
Female Student B: "Well... we're kinda busy right now... Maybe another time...?"
Asahi: "Ah, ah?!"
I held out my arms and tried to block their way, but they just went around me and I hesitated. My arms are just too short to completely obstruct them.
Asahi: "You can't! Turn back, now! There's really no time left—"
And when I started after the three of them... a gust blew through the area.
Asahi: "...?!"
The buildings around us towered toward the sky... and cracks ran through the outer wall of one of them. A wall of concrete crumbled and flew through the air.
This is Earth. The rubble will plummet to the ground under the effects of gravity.
The three girls stood right under the spot the rubble was falling, looking up in a daze.
I knew what to do right away.
Female Student C: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
Female Student A: "What the hell..."
Female Student A: "What the hell?!"
Asahi: "That's why I told you. Tragedy was going to befall you."
Female Student B: "Ah, ah..."
Female Student C: "W-We would have died... That would have killed us...!"
Asahi: "It was scary, wasn't it? You wouldn't have gone through this if you'd just gone home like I told you to."
Asahi: "But you're fine now. The tragedy's passed. You had somewhere you needed to be, right? Hurry along, then."
A commotion was beginning, as the people around us seemed to have finally registered what had just happened.
It's not strange for them to worry that someone could be buried under the rubble, after all this.
But it's fine. We avoided tragedy again today. I triumphed over the trial given to me, just barely.
Female Student A: "...Who the hell are you...?"
It seems this girl has finally taken an interest in my identity.
Asahi: "I'm me. I'm no one special."
As a matter of course, someone who tells a person to go buy them a drink and then leaves while they're distracted will meet with divine punishment.
But these girls may have already been punished. So I thought, as I looked at them trembling, almost in tears.
.........
So I'll tell them. I have no reason to hide it.
And the more I voice it, the more unshakable my determination, my conviction, becomes...
Asahi: "...I am but a traveler, on her way to the Land of Dreams."
And my journey has just begun.
My trials are not yet over...
Asahi: "Huff..."
Not even minutes after the accident, the place was already swarming with police cars and ambulances.
It looks like one of the ambulances took those three girls. They didn't seem to be injured though, so I'm sure they were just checking on them to be safe.
I stood on the side of the road, holding the red bean soup I'd bought from the vending machine as I watched people in uniform run around busily.
Asahi: "So sweet... Not really something you drink when you're thirsty, huh..."
I wanted some ice cold tea, but it's not good to waste money, so I made do.
I took out my diary to distract myself.
Asahi: "I've got to write that I evaded the tragedy..."
Nothing will change from my writing it, but it's both meaningful and important. It's a win for me, after all—
Asahi: "Hwahh?!"
I was surprised. So surprised I almost let the red bean soup slip from my hand.
Asahi: "Th-This is awful! How did this happen?!"
There was a big footprint on the back cover, and the clasp was brutally torn at its connection to the book.
A scene from earlier was replayed in my mind.
???: "I'm sorry!!"
Asahi: "Wait a second!"
???: "Aaah?!"
Asahi: "WHAA?!"
I was in a hurry, so I didn't have time to check, but it had to have been then. The distinct footprint was evidence enough of that.
Asahi: "He won't get away with this."
I endured my anger. Flying into a rage would only endanger my good fortune, and complaining about it wouldn't fix my diary.
But the anger I'd pushed down flared up again when I saw a familiar figure across the roundabout.
Asahi: "He's...!"
I could never mistake the face of the boy standing beside the railing near the sidewalk.
Calm down. Throwing my anger at him won't solve anything.
But he can't remain ignorant of his crime. It's important that he realizes it.
I approached his figure as he appeared completely unaware of my pain.
Asahi: "Hey, you there!"
Haruto: "Err, me?"
Asahi: "......"
When he turned around, I was absolutely certain. This was definitely the boy who had bumped into me earlier.
Haruto: "H-Huh? You wouldn't happen to be angry at me, would you...?"
The boy glanced around, looking troubled.
Haruto: "...What should I do?"
I thought about how to make him repent for his crime.
If he's got a shred of goodness in his heart, he should understand everything upon seeing this diary.
I held up the diary in my hand to show him.
Haruto: "......"
Haruto: "Uhh, it looks a little dirty and the clasp is coming off..."
Asahi: "...?!"
Oh, come on, it's your fault it ended up like this! How shameless can you be?!
He doesn't appear to remember what happened earlier. There's no point in talking to him any longer.
My anger is reaching its limit, too. I should get away from here before these dark feelings swallow me up.
I won't hate him. What happens to him is no concern of mine.
So I wish. That he'll be punished by God.
Asahi: "I hope you meet with divine punishment!"
People like him will never make it to the Land of Dreams.
====================D002.TXT====================
Asahi: "It's horrible to live like you're dead."
Asahi: "But if you really do die, you won't ever be able to come back to life. You'll never have hope again."
Asahi: "That would be horrible, and also sad."
Male Student E: "Uh huh..."
It was a chilly morning on my way to school. The boy I was talking to gave me an unenthusiastic reponse.
Asahi: "...Do you understand what I'm getting at?"
Male Student E: "No, not really. I'm alive right now, y'know. I'm sure of that, at least. Is there something wrong with that?"
Asahi: "...I guess it's not you, so you can feel free to go."
Male Student E: "Sure thing."
The active-looking boy with a closely shaved head ran off toward the Academy. I can't imagine he'll try to kill himself.
Asahi: "Where is this kid..."
I've been talking to all the students on their way to the Academy since early morning, but I've only gotten the same sort of responses from them.
Right after putting my arms through the sleeves of my uniform this morning—I noticed my new trial.
—A student will jump from the roof of the Academy at lunch today. My mission is to stop that somehow.
The problem with this trial is that I don't know who will jump.
That's why I'm here trying to talk to as many Academy students as possible. I'm looking for someone who wants to die, but I haven't found one yet.
In the first place, even if most people know what death is, they don't truly understand it.
There are countless reports of people dying almost every day on TV and in the newspaper, yet most people generalize those deaths as having nothing to do with them.
Death doesn't always come to people who have prepared themselves for it. It's nothing so kind. I think most people don't understand that.
Female Student D: "Hey, that girl..."
A group of uniformed girls were looking my way and whispering to each other.
They all averted their eyes when I looked up at them.
Asahi: "Hey, you..."
I'm already used to being made fun of and ostracized.
It won't make my feelings waver.
Asahi: "It's horrible to live like you're dead."
Because this is the trial given to me, so that I can make it to the Land of Dreams...
I called out to several people after that, but still didn't find anyone who fit the bill.
As the start of the school day grew closer, fewer and fewer students approached from the station and I could only abandon my search. I'll have to get to class and think about my options there.
I didn't head for the main gate, instead taking a deserted side path.
I'm often late, as I spend every day in pursuit of my trials. And when I'm marked tardy, it draws attention from the teachers, leading to unexpected constraints on my time.
So I've worked out a countermeasure.
A few days ago, a hole opened in the wall that surrounds the Academy. I don't know what caused it, but if I use it, I can get into the school without going through the main gate.
Asahi: "Oof..."
It's a great idea, if I do say so myself. Of course, if I'm still too late, I won't make it to class on time. Then I won't be able to fool my teachers. I've got to hurry...
Asahi: "Nngh, nngh..."
Asahi: "......"
Asahi: "Huh...?"
I-I can't get through.
Asahi: "...Is it because I had those snacks before bed last night?"
Snacking before bed will only lead to depravity. I know that. I don't want to become depraved.
That's why I was planning on eating less for lunch today in exchange. It's true.
I explained the situation to my body, but it seemed determined to stay stuck, as if it could see through my flimsy excuses.
Asahi: "...I get it. I see your point. But I'm not gonna give up either!"
I got through yesterday. A little late-night snacking is only a minor handicap!
Asahi: "Nnngh!!"
I have a weighty mission! So I can't be held up here! Or holed up, to be more precise.
???: "Faaaaair?! Whoooa?!"
I heard someone's voice on the other side of the wall. I reflexively stopped moving.
Asahi: "...Is somebody there?"
???: "The butt talked?!"
I couldn't see his face, but the voice sounded male. This is a chance to get out of this tight spot!
Asahi: "I can't get out. Help me?"
???: "H-Help how, exactly...?"
Asahi: "Push me from behind. I think I can get out if you do."
???: "'Push,' you say..."
The boy on the other side of the wall seemed to hesitate for some reason.
I don't think I asked for anything too difficult, though.
???: "Y-You really mean that?"
Asahi: "Yeah, please."
What is he being so timid for? Personally, I'd really like to get out of here right now...
???: "I got it! Here I go!"
He finally seems to have prepared himself. I heard gravel crunch as he stepped toward me.
But all my expectations were crushed by the unexpected action he took next.
???: "...Hyeah!"
Asahi: "Aaaah!!"
...?!
My butt! That's my butt! He's touching it?! Why?!
???: "Gfh...?!"
I flailed around reflexively... and felt my heel impact something, but I didn't have the presence of mind to wonder what it was.
There was no time to worry about that when my situation was escalating like this... now it wasn't tardiness I was worrying about, but the threat to my purity!
Asahi: "Wh-What are you doing?!"
???: "Wh-What do you mean?! Just what you told me to!"
Asahi: "When did I say you could touch my butt?! You degenerate! You're the worst!"
???: "S-Sorry..."
I can't believe this I can't believe this I can't believe this! To think the only help that would appear in this situation is this pervert—
???: "But what do you want me to do, then? There's nowhere else to push."
Asahi: "Oh, whatever, I don't need your help."
I've faced my trials alone until now.
I won't say I've never once wished for an ally... but if no one will come to my aid, I have to work alone.
???: "How'd you find yourself in this situation, anyway?"
Asahi: "...It's a trial."
???: "A trial...? Getting through this hole?"
Asahi: "It's got nothing to do with you! I'm scared with a degenerate nearby, so please leave!"
???: "I can't abandon someone in trouble. We'll have to think of a way to get you out of there."
I'm in more trouble because of you! If you haven't figured that out, you're not only a degenerate, but a thickheaded one at that!
???: "Stay still for a second."
Asahi: "Wha—Aah!"
He suddenly touched my stomach and I couldn't help but yelp. The danger levels are climbing rapidly!
Asahi: "No, no, no! Stop, that tickles!!"
???: "Ah, there it is! I'm almost done, so stay still for a bit longer!"
Asahi: "I'll just be prey to you if I stay still! You degenerate!"
I flailed my legs on the other side of the wall, but they only hit air.
???: "I got it! Hey, can you get through now?"
The tickling ceased. I attempted to regain my cool.
Asahi: "Nngh...!!"
I mustered up my strength and attempted another escape.
I'll be defiled if I leave everything to this boy. Maybe spurred on by that idea, I managed to push my body forward a bit.
???: "Ooh, looking good. You can do it!"
Maybe it was because I got past the tightest spot, but I slid through almost disappointingly easily even though I couldn't budge at all before.
???: "That's great, you got out. Are you alright?"
I checked to make sure I was still in one piece, but my relief at regaining contact with my lower half only lasted a moment—
Asahi: "Give it back."
Quickly realizing the reason for that tickling sensation earlier, I requested that the boy on the other side of the hole return what he'd taken.
???: "Huh? Ah, sorry."
I snatched back the holster that held my precious diary from the other side of the hole.
That was careless of me. This is the one thing I can't let go of...
Asahi: "......"
Fortunately, my diary was swiftly returned to me. And I got through the hole too. There's no reason for me to stay here any longer.
I gave the hole one last glare and ran off toward the school buildings.
Yumi: "What's important when you're using magic is how easy it is to visualize the power in the words of your incantation..."
A student will try to commit suicide by jumping off the Academy roof today—this is the undeniable truth.
Stopping that is the trial that has been handed down to me. It's a key to the door leading to the Land of Dreams.
But it's almost lunch period and I haven't achieved my objective yet.
Yumi: "There are those who use short incantations, and those who require longer ones. This is a basic fact of magic."
I'll never be able to find the person who's going to commit suicide today—I don't have the time for that.
I'll have to abandon that idea and use a different approach to prevent this incident—
Asahi: "I know!"
Yumi: "Rikudou-san, I appreciate the enthusiasm, but think about the time and place, okay?"
Laughter erupted around me, but since I was lost in my thoughts, I wasn't sure of the reason for it.
More importantly, how will I implement the brilliant idea I've just gotten? My head was full with thoughts about that.
Lunch—After class ended and the room was filled with noise, I headed over to some random boy whose name I didn't know.
Male Student F: "Huh? Rikudou-san, what's up? You're not gonna eat lunch with us, are you?"
Asahi: "Nope, I'm busy going up to the roof so I can jump off."
Male Student F: "Yeah, I figured..."
Male Student F: "...Huh?"
Once I was sure the boys had understood what I meant, I rushed out of the classroom...
I was headed for the roof—and I ran at full speed so that I wasn't caught on my way there.
Everyone I passed by turned my way to find out what the big commotion was, which was perfectly fine with me. The more attention I draw right now, the more convenient it will be.
I've gotta be careful I don't trip—but still move fast. I raced up the stairs to the roof as I felt my breathing speed up.
Yumi: "Rikudou-san! Don't be hasty now! Listen to your teacher!"
The people who'd rushed up to the roof with me called out desperately to my back as I stood on the ledge beyond the fence.
The cool breeze was comfortable on my flushed skin.
The cityscape, and the vast aqua blue of the ocean beyond it...
I feel like I'm flying when I look out over the world from up high like this. But I quickly remember that I don't have any wings, and become frustrated.
If I could fly, maybe I could set off on a journey across the sea to the Land of Dreams—I'm sure it would be a journey toward a wonderful future, full of hope and, of course, dreams.
But I can't do that. Those who haven't been granted wings have to walk step by step toward overcoming their trials.
Yumi: "If you're worrying about something, talk to me! Please don't make a stupid mistake like this!"
I was enjoying the breeze so much I almost forgot about the people on the other side of the fence and what my original goal was here.
I can't lose sight of my dreams, but in order to make them come true, I have to be completely focused on reality. Otherwise I won't be able to hold onto them at all.
I looked out over the people up here with me. I think there were about twenty of them. Most people here should have heard about this, then.
If I can't find the one who's going to jump, I'll just have to seize the location for myself—that was the answer I'd arrived at.
This time, I didn't know who this danger would befall. But my diary listed this location as the stage of today's tragedy.
So I just had to take away their opportunity. Maybe this would cause them to rethink things.
I'm sure the roof will be off-limits for a while after this commotion. And as long as this prophecy doesn't reappear in my diary, I'll have overcome this trial.
Yumi: "This isn't just about you! Do you know how much trouble you'll cause to everyone by doing this?!"
While I was watching the sky, the tone in Sensei's voice changed—from concern to complaint.
It's true that if I died, it would probably be annoying to clean up, and they might go hunting for someone to pin responsibility on. I don't blame her for getting irritated.
But you don't need to worry about that—I'd never throw my own life away.
You only get one life—you'll never find a rule more fair than this anywhere in the world. It's foolish to throw away the one chance you've been given.
Since I had no plans to jump off in the first place, I decided to get down from the ledge.
But...
As if waiting for that precise moment, a gust of wind shook the trees and scooped me up—
Asahi: "Ah!"
I lost my balance, and there was nothing there for me to grab on my way down.
Falling—I'm falling.
When I realized that, I decided to think this:
That I was not falling, but flying.
If I couldn't change the truth of the matter, I could at least interpret it to my liking. I'll never get another opportunity to see what it's like to be a bird.
And when I'd become a bird, I noticed a boy captive to the earth.
I see. So this is how birds see humans—I felt like I'd had a rewarding experience, as I watched the surprised boy hold out his arms.
====================D003.TXT====================
Asahi: "That was awful."
Because of that commotion I caused at lunch, I was caught by some teachers and subjected to lecture after lecture. That's why I'm trudging home so late like this.
I really wanted to go buy something to repair the broken clasp of my diary, but the stores are all closed by now.
And there was even a blackout a little while ago, since bad things just have to happen all at once.
They've been happening a lot lately, but I really wish they'd cut it out at night. I don't want any ghosts showing up or—
Asahi: "...Did something happen here?"
The town seemed a little noisier than usual as I headed home.
When I got closer, I could see a bunch of police cars and officers inside an area cordoned off with yellow tape.
A truly destroyed wreck of what I assume was once a car was being loaded onto the bed of a tow truck. I guess there must have been an accident. I wonder if it was the blackout before that was to blame.
I passed by an officer directing traffic with a glowing red baton.
When I averted my eyes from the bright light, I noticed something on the edge of the sidewalk.
Asahi: "A wallet?"
I bent down and confirmed that it was indeed a light brown bifold wallet.
Someone must have dropped it—and I'm sure without it, they'd be in trouble.
I returned to the police officer I'd just passed.
Police Officer: "What is it? I can't let you in here."
Asahi: "That's not it. I found this over there."
I showed it to the policeman. You have to turn over lost items to the police.
I figured I was only doing what was right, but the policeman's expression clouded over for a moment.
Police Officer: "Ah... can you deliver it to the station over that way, then? You know where it is, right?"
Asahi: "Why can't you take it? Aren't you a police officer?"
Police Officer: "Sorry, but I'm a bit busy at the moment. There was an accident here, so I'm dealing with the clean-up."
Asahi: "...Alright. I get it."
I realized right away that I couldn't say anything to convince him. I walked away a little and checked the wallet out.
Whoever dropped this might be in trouble right now because of it. If I were in their shoes, I'm sure I would be searching frantically everywhere I thought it might be.
I could just take it to the police station, but if there's a phone number or address inside, I should be able to assuage its owner right away.
I opened up the wallet and checked its contents. Among several cards, I found one with the owner's full name and address.
The name there was familiar to me.
Asahi: "...Mutsumi Haruto? This is his wallet?"
That was the only card with his address on it, but the other cards had the same name.
It's him, I'm sure of it...
I put the address into the direction app on my Ring, which told me that it wasn't far from here.
Asahi: "......"
I've been running into him really often lately for some reason. It's a little too often to just call it a coincidence.
I checked my diary just in case, but there wasn't a new trial recorded in it.
If coincidences continue, they might actually be fate—in other words, there could be something tying me and him together.
In any case, it remains true that I've picked up his wallet.
I set off into the nighttime town again, toward his house.
I followed the directions and soon reached my destination.
One of the relatively new-looking apartments in this quiet residential district belongs to Mutsumi Haruto, apparently.
I didn't come here just to look at it, of course—I should quickly return his wallet and head home.
I found the stairs that led to his apartment and headed up them.
Hina: "Here you go. Is cold tea okay#?"
Asahi: "Thanks, it's great."
I sat at the unfamiliar living room table and drank the tea I'd been served.
I was planning on going right home, but I was genuinely thirsty from walking all the way here, so I accepted her offer when she said she'd get me some tea.
It was Mutsumi Haruto's sister who'd come to the door. When I told her about the wallet, she thanked me and invited me in.
Asahi: "Mutsumi Haruto's not here? It's not that I need him for anything, but..."
I didn't want to force him to acknowledge the favor I'd done him or anything, but not even saying hello to the person who brings you something you dropped is a little rude, I think. Maybe that's just how Mutsumi Haruto is.
Hina: "I'm sorry. My brother's asleep already."
Asahi: "He's already sleeping? It's only eight o'clock, though. Does Mutsumi Haruto like to sleep?"
Hina: "He's been through a lot today. My brother was in an accident."
Asahi: "An accident? A car accident?"
Hina: "Yes# He's fine, since he was only scraped up a little, but I guess it tired him out#"
I see. He must have dropped his wallet in the accident, then. The car was destroyed beyond repair, but I guess he was lucky.
Then there's no reason for me to be here anymore. I should get going after I finish the tea in my cup.
I was feeling some inexplicable sense of unease.
At first I thought it was because I wasn't used to being in a family home like this. Enough dishes and silverware for multiple people, a big couch... Since I've been living on my own for such a long time, the sight of them was a little unusual to me.
But I got the sense that wasn't all it was. It wasn't just the space giving me that mysterious sense of unrest...
Hina: "Incidentally, what's your relationship with my brother, Rikudou-san#? Are you close#?"
Asahi: "I wouldn't say that. We just met, so I'm not sure what to tell you. He steps on my diary and touches my butt... I don't have a very good impression of him."
Hina: "Y-Your butt?! I thought my brother was a late bloomer. Is he actually pretty bold?!"
I don't have too much trouble talking to people unless I really dislike them.
And Mutsumi Haruto's sister is cute and well-mannered.
But the strange unease I've been feeling since I entered this apartment is still with me.
I made sure my cup was empty before rising from the chair.
Asahi: "I'm going home. Do you mind if I use your bathroom first?"
Hina: "Go ahead# It's at the end of the hall there#"
I thought about holding it, but I didn't think I'd make it all the way home.
I didn't really want to use someone else's bathroom, but I couldn't win against nature.
I was on my way back to the front door, after washing my hands, when I noticed a closed door.
The other doors in the hallway are open, so is this Mutsumi Haruto's room...?
I could have just walked past it, but since I'd heard that he was injured in an accident, I grew a bit curious and knocked.
Asahi: "......"
There was no answer. He must really be asleep...
After hesitating for a few moments, I put my hand on the doorknob.
I figured maybe I'd draw a mustache on him with the permanent marker in my bag as retribution for stepping on my diary.
But I quickly abandoned the thought. I can't deliver punishment myself. That would mean I'd been swallowed by dark emotions.
And Mutsumi Haruto had already been punished by God in that accident.
So I had given up on my original motive, but I still went through with opening the door.
An unlit room—
Academy uniform pants hung on a hanger. This must be Mutsumi Haruto's room, then.
But Mutsumi Haruto himself, who should have been sleeping in the room, wasn't on the bed, or anywhere else inside, as far as I could tell.
Asahi: "He's not here..."
It wasn't as if I took offense to his not being there or anything.
But the strangeness I'd been feeling since entering the apartment was rapidly swelling into an inexplicable suspicion.
Hina: "That won't do# Going into someone's room without their permission#"
Asahi: "...!"
I hurriedly turned around and found Mutsumi Haruto's sister behind me.
Asahi: "He's not here."
Hina: "My brother's sleeping in my room# He fell asleep there while we were talking#"
Asahi: "...I see. I'm sorry for coming in without his permission. I just thought I'd see how he was doing before I left."
Hina: "It's fine# Don't worry about it. But like I said, my brother is tired, so please don't wake him up#"
Asahi: "I got it. Can I ask one thing, though?"
Hina: "What is it?"
I searched for the words that would get me an answer to the strange question I'd had since coming here.
The strange sense of unease had solidified into suspicion, though I still didn't have proof of anything to substantiate it.
But I've always believed in myself until now. If I'm wrong, I'll take responsibility for it, but I can't lie to myself.
So I asked...
Asahi: "Who are you?"
I know from experience that asking people these sorts of questions will only confuse them. And depending on the person, they might get angry too.
But I had to ask.
Hina: "......"
Mutsumi Haruto's sister smiled. She didn't get mad or confused. This strange attitude was something I'd never seen from anyone before.
Asahi: "Something's strange about you. I don't know what it is, but I can tell it's there."
Asahi: "Tell me—what is it you're thinking?"
I continued, but her smile didn't change.
Like how a stuffed animal can't change its expression—I was having strange thoughts like that.
???/Yuuji: "I'm home."
Suddenly the front door opened. At the same time, I heard someone's voice carry all the way here.
Hina: "Oh, it's Daddy. Welcome home#♪"
Mutsumi Haruto's sister headed back to the living room, her slippers pattering against the floor.
I had no reason to stay here anymore, so I followed her.
In the living room, an unfamiliar man sat tiredly on the couch.
Yuuji: "Hm? Hina, who's this?"
Hina: "She's Rikudou Asahi-san, Onii-chan's classmate# Onii-chan dropped his wallet, so she came to return it#"
Yuuji: "Gotcha. Thanks for taking the time. I'm Haruto's dad."
Asahi: "I heard he was in an accident. He must have dropped it then."
Yuuji: "Probably. Good thing he wasn't hurt too bad."
Again—I don't know what it is, but something strange is pricking at my heart again.
Yuuji: "It's getting late, so I'll drive you home. It's been pretty dangerous around here lately."
Asahi: "There's something strange about you, too..."
Yuuji: "What do you mean by that?"
He stopped halfway in picking his keys up off the table. I could see his expression cloud with wariness.
Asahi: "I'm not sure, which is why I'm asking. You don't need to answer if you don't know what I mean, though, since I'm used to that."
Yuuji: "If you don't know, then I definitely don't. Let's get going. We can't worry your parents."
Asahi: "It's fine. I can get home by myself."
I headed to the front door before he could get up. I checked behind me since I was curious, but he didn't follow.
====================D004.TXT====================
Asahi: "Haruto#...?"
It was after school—I poked my head into the now sparsely populated classroom and looked around.
I slowly scanned from one side to the other, but Haruto was nowhere to be found.
Instead, my eyes met with a boy's, who walked toward me.
Male Student A: "R-Rikudou-san? Need something with our class?"
Perfect. I'll ask him.
Asahi: "I'm looking for Haruto."
Male Student A: "Haruto? He left already. He said he had to go shopping with his sister or something..."
Asahi: "...I see."
I couldn't see him during lunch either. That's too bad. I wanted to thank him for fixing my diary.
I headed to Haruto's seat and sat in his chair.
Male Student A: "H-Hey, can I ask why you keep sitting there?"
Asahi: "I want to see the world the way he usually does."
Asahi: "Since Haruto and I are partners, who fight together."
Male Student A: "Rikudou-san, what's your relationship with Haruto?"
Asahi: "Why do you ask?"
Male Student A: "W-Well, 'cause Haruto's my friend! I'm just curious, I guess..."
Male Student A: "Don't worry, my lips are sealed! You can trust me!"
I didn't feel a speck of the same premonition I sensed from Haruto about this boy.
I can't be sure of the truth of his words. Words don't determine a person's trustworthiness, after all.
But it might bother Haruto if I treat his friend unkindly. I decided to answer honestly, without concealing anything.
Asahi: "Haruto is full of hidden potential."
Asahi: "Our relationship is transient right now, but someday we may be able to become true partners."
Male Student A: "U-Uh huh..."
Asahi: "That's why I have to make sure of it. Whether or not Haruto is qualified to make the journey to the Land of Dreams."
Male Student A: "...This is intense... to be perfectly honest, it's intense. I think it's too much for me."
Asahi: "Did you say something?"
Male Student A: "Nah, it's nothing. I'll just continue to admire you from afar."
Asahi: "Huh?"
He doesn't seem to be a bad person, but I can't quite understand him.
I knew normal people wouldn't get what I mean. But it doesn't bother me.
Because I might not be alone for much longer.
Asahi: "Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way!"
When I look at how my diary's been repaired, I can't help getting into a good mood and singing to myself.
It was wounded once, but was reborn, stronger than ever. When I look at the cat badge that serves as proof, I start feeling like it might gain life and start moving at any moment.
Close, and open, close, and open.
Asahi: "Heheh!"
That alone puts me into a sunny mood. And all of it was acheived thanks to Haruto.
I'm going to overcome my trials and make it to the Land of Dreams—but I've learned now that there aren't only bad things in this world.
Asahi: "I know, I'll have to write that Haruto fixed my diary."
The diary only prophecises the future. Last night's page is still blank, so I should fill it with yesterday's experiences.
I opened it to a new page.
Asahi: "Oh!"
I'll have to record my memories at a later time. After all, a new prophecy has appeared.
Asahi: "......"
I scanned the page quickly. Speedy action is required to overcome my trials.
Asahi: "...I have to go!"
I shut my diary and started to run. I was headed for the shopping mall. The place we went yesterday.
Something's happening there. Something that will bring about tragedy—
And my trial today, that tragedy, is centered around—
Asahi: "Haruto, I'll save you."
Is it for my mission, or...
I had no time to pay any mind to the small question surfacing in my mind.
====================D005.TXT====================
Haruto: "I'll be back as soon as I'm done, okay? I'll see you!!"
Asahi: "Ah!"
Haruto disappeared into the crowd, waving, before I had time to stop him.
Haruto doesn't understand the gravity of the situation. Of course, part of that is my fault for not explaining it to him...
Asahi: "But I don't really think I should tell him..."
The secret of my diary is very important to me. It's not something I can tell just anyone.
From past experience, it's clear what that will lead to. I'll never recieve sympathy. No one will believe me.
As I admonished myself, a question came to mind.
Will Haruto not believe me, like everyone else...?
I don't care no matter who ridicules or scorns me. If we're seeing different things, we're practically living in different worlds, and it doesn't matter to me what some people from another world might think.
But if I had a partner who understood me, who sympathized with me and who would walk beside me, I think that would be more reassuring than anything.
If I want people to believe me, then I have to believe them—Haruto said he'd be back. I'd like to bet on those words, then.
And if it doesn't work out, then I'll be able to give up on them. It's too bad, but I know this world is full of dangerous falsehoods that take many forms.
If Haruto's the same as everyone else, there's nothing I can do about that.
...But that would be very sad. That's what I thought.
How long has it been since Haruto left?
I've been standing here the whole time, so my feet hurt. But I felt like if I sat down, Haruto wouldn't come back again... it was that thought that kept my feet steady and my heart going.
However...
A few hours after Haruto had left... I was almost at my limit.
???/Ruu: "Look what I found! A round little apple!"
A girl approached me, having separated from the crowd of pedestrians.
???/Ruu: "What's your face all red for? You look like you could burst into tears at any moment!"
Asahi: "...Leave me alone. This is my battle."
If you straightforwardly reject them, most people will leave. But this girl showed none of the timidity most people would, breaking into a wide grin instead.
???/Ruu: "Aha! Let me guess: you got stood up by your boyfriend. Bull's-eye?"
Asahi: "Haruto will be back. I know he will."
???/Ruu: "I knew it! So how long have you been waiting?"
Asahi: "...Three hours."
???/Ruu: "Oh my. Something tells me he's not coming, my dear. You don't often see people get stood up this badly."
???/Ruu: "Normally you'd have to be pretty patient to even wait thirty minutes, I'd think. You must either really trust him, or you're not that smart."
Asahi: "What's with you? Just leave me alone."
???/Ruu: "I just sensed such a loud voice that I had to come see. I felt it very acutely, like someone was desperately holding back the desire to shout."
Asahi: "That couldn't be. I wasn't saying anything."
???/Ruu: "Ruu can hear them. The voices inside people's hearts."
Asahi: "...If that's true, it must be very painful."
???/Ruu: "Why's that? You don't think it'd be convenient being able to read people's minds?"
Asahi: "The darkness of this world is incredibly vast, and it hides inside people's hearts."
Asahi: "I think if I saw into that darkness, I'd never be able to escape it."
???/Ruu: "I sort of had this feeling about you, but you're very strange, aren't you? You must get told that a lot, huh? That you're weird."
Asahi: "You're free to think I'm weird. Everyone has different ways of looking at things."
Asahi: "But there's no need to tell me about it. It won't mean anything to me."
Asahi: "It's the same as looking at the sun and saying it's bright. There's nothing the sun can do about that."
Asahi: "All it can do is continue to fulfill its duty."
???/Ruu: "And that's why you remain here, valiantly waiting for your boyfriend. It's absolutely heartrending."
???/Ruu: "But unlike a love story, reality won't always give you a happy ending, you know."
???/Ruu: "Well, I think it's time for Ruu to take her leave. She'll only be in the way if you two have a heartwarming reunion, after all."
???/Ruu: "But I hope you'll remember that a happy ending for you could be a sad one for someone else."
???/Ruu: "If you want things to end well for you, then all you can really do is act. All you can do is act, and change the world."
???/Ruu: "You should make sure to remember that, at least."
====================E001.TXT====================
Commercial: "For what reason are you here?"
The meaning of life. One's raison d'etre, the significance of their life, their purpose for living.
There are all sorts of ways to say it, but it's a difficult sort of philosophical question that doesn't have a clear answer...
Commercial: "Because it is my purpose."
Everyone has different thoughts on life. But the answer that came from the TV out in the street was so hackneyed, I couldn't take it seriously at all.
Commercial: "Atori—enhancing your life with modern power."
I question the taste of the person who made this commercial, and I find it a bit vexing that I can't say I'm completely unrelated to it.
Riku: "At the very least, I'd like to live a life that doesn't require me saying ridiculous lines like that."
That quiet resolution didn't reach the ears of the people passing me by on the street.
Even though I'd made such a grand announcement. Of course, I wouldn't exactly want them hearing such things anyway.
I cut through the streets lined with TVs near the station. My destination was just in front of me. I felt my pace quickening somewhat.
And now I'm here. Fortunately, there aren't too many people nearby. I must complete my objective quickly.
Riku: "Thigh, spring onion, skin, one of each, please. Oh, and all salted."
Yakitori Seller: "Welcome. You a student? That's rare. I get a lot of boys, but I think you're the first girl who's come alone."
Riku: "Is that not alright?"
Yakitori Seller: "Ah, nah, I was just a little surprised. Gimme a moment, I'll grill 'em up right now."
Men and women all have the same taste buds. There is no reason to criticize me.
If I'm not supposed to eat it, then it's your fault for tempting me with the scent of it. Yes, it isn't my fault at all.
I guess I don't want the smell to get on my clothes, so I stood upwind of the shop as I waited. It's the absolute least I can do to protect my femininity.
My phone vibrated right when the cook was flipping over my yakitori.
Riku: "...At a time like this..."
The notification was of a message, not a call.
The sender was Mikuriya Akeno, and the message was blank.
Normally, one would probably think of this as a prank or a mistake. But for us, it's none other than a signal of work to be done.
???: "Hey, are you pissed about somethin'?"
Riku: "Yes, I'm surprised you could tell. Shocked, actually, since you never spare a thought for other people's feelings, Akeno-san."
I leapt from building to concrete building, heading to where I'd been instructed to go.
Akeno: "It was urgent. You understand, yeah? I dunno what happened, but if you do your job, I'll make it up to you."
Riku: "Then reserve me a seat at a yakitori shop with your pocket money, Akeno-san, and I'll forgive you."
Akeno: "Huh? Uh, sure."
She'd called me out at the worst possible moment, just before my yakitori was about to finish grilling over the charcoal. I don't think it's unreasonable of me to ask this much in exchange.
Riku: "So how much farther is it?"
Akeno: "About 90 seconds if you keep up this pace. Come on, get goin', you're not gonna make it!"
Riku: "You're terrible to work for, you know."
I heard her cackling through the ultra-small communicator in my ear.
Akeno: "I'll use anythin' I can. That's my creed."
Riku: "Your creed is nothing but a bother to other people."
Akeno: "But it's nothin' compared to the assholes running wild with magic around town even as we speak, right?"
Akeno: "C'mon, Miss Collector, if you don't take care of 'em, the town's gonna be in trouble."
You don't have to remind me. Neutralizing mages who disturb the peace—that's my job.
Akeno: "Hey, d'you know worker bees are all female?"
Riku: "I did not. What's this all about now?"
Akeno: "Well, I'm not busy. I thought maybe we could chat."
Riku: "I appreciate the selfish thought."
Akeno: "Oh, you don't need to thank me. Educating kids is an adult's job."
I'm used to how everything she says is a provocation, so I headed to my destination without complaining.
Akeno: "Among honeybees, the females are flyin' around like crazy gathering pollen. But the males don't do anythin'. They're un-worker bees."
Riku: "Well, if they don't need to do anything, that's probably for the best."
Akeno: "You really think so? If they've got nothin' to do, they're practically dead. Wouldn't you say?"
The lines from the commercial went through my head. Of course, I wouldn't say something as romatic as "to meet someone", but I suppose it is a little boring not having anything to do.
Akeno: "That's how it ends for the un-worker bees, too. They die right after copulatin' with the queen bee. Their bodies are destroyed during the act, actually."
Riku: "That queen bee likes it rough, huh?"
Akeno: "And the majority of the males, who don't copulate, don't have anythin' to do in the hive, so the females drive 'em out."
Akeno: "They don't know how to live on their own, so they die out in the cold, adrift. See? It's not too bad havin' work to do, is it?"
Riku: "You're not going to trick me with that. I'm not that much of a child, you know."
Akeno: "Tch, little brat. This is why you can't make friends."
Akeno: "I bet you sneak out during breaks at the Academy and hide out under trees or somethin'."
Riku: "How do you know about that?"
Akeno: "What, I'm right? Why, though? Shouldn't there be people linin' up to be friends with the sole heiress to the Atori name?"
Riku: "That's why. I'm alone because I don't want to deal with annoying people."
Akeno: "Guess it's no surprise you can't talk to people your age, since you've had nothin' but adults around since you were little."
Riku: "Let's leave the idle chatting at that. I've sighted the target."
A crowded street—and a person in the middle of that crowd making a scene.
Akeno: "Right, then take care of it real quick, would you? You know what to do, yeah?"
Riku: "This isn't my first rodeo."
In fact, I don't remember how many times I've done this now. I feel like I was probably counting at first, but stopped at some point or another.
My work is very simple. I punish mages who break the rules, and nothing more.
Target Man: "What's with you?! Stay back! You wanna die?!"
The agitated man noticed me and turned around.
Magic fire shot out, maybe as a greeting of sorts.
His aim was so poor that I didn't even need to avoid it.
The flame merely burned the ground behind me.
Target Man: "Aaah!! What the fuck's going on?!! Shit! Why isn't it stopping?!!"
The man hardly looks to be of sound mind. Well, he's causing a commotion in the middle of the street, so I'm sure there are no reasonable thoughts in his head.
But something seems strange, out of the ordinary.
The man is still haphazardly releasing his magic.
It looks as though he can't control it himself.
Akeno: "Hey, hurry it up already."
Riku: "I know. You don't have to keep reminding me."
I couldn't just leave him like this, so I held up my Magi, the tool of my trade.
Target Man: "Agh!"
The electricity coursing through his body stripped away his consciousness. His scream was short and quiet. The output was lowered, so he won't die, at least.
Riku: "That's the ticket."
I squatted in front of the fallen man and pulled the Ring off of his wrist, collecting it.
Akeno: "You sound like an old man, kid."
Riku: "I can't believe you'd criticize me when the way you talk puts any old man to shame, Akeno-san."
Riku: "Anyway, I'm finished now."
Akeno: "Right, get outta there, then. When you're done, run. That's the foundation of any situation."
Am I a thief or something...?
I thought about protesting, but what I do does somewhat resemble thievery and I could hear sirens in the distance, so I decided it would be best to take my leave as soon as possible.
Akeno: "Hey, you're done, aren't you? What're you doin'?"
Riku: "Just observing a little more. There are a great many cars. It's a huge uproar over here."
Akeno: "Get back here before somebody finds you."
Riku: "You don't need to worry. No one would think to look in a place like this."
The town I overlooked from my perch flashed with red.
I'm truly impressed that the police rush out at any moment whenever some trouble occurs. If it were me, I'd definitely go on strike.
The violent mage was taken away in a car. With that, I should probably get going now.
And just when I started to turn around—my eyes met someone far below.
Riku: "That's..."
A boy wearing the Academy uniform was stopped still, looking my way.
It was dark and he was quite distant, but since I'm used to this, I could make out his face.
But I didn't recognize it. Not that I have many acquaintances in the first place.
I should get out of here before he calls attention to me—The thought went through my mind at the exact instant that the blackout struck.
Riku: "Oh."
All the lights in the town went out.
Akeno: "Power outage."
Riku: "It's pitch black. Are you okay over there?"
Akeno: "Nope. I lost everything. Communications're still up with the internal battery, though..."
A loud noise drowned out Akeno-san's words.
Watching everything from above, I was able to judge the situation rather calmly.
A car hit a guardrail due to the power outage. It couldn't stop its momentum, only coming to a halt after it had overturned itself on the sidewalk.
Akeno: "Hey, what happened?"
Riku: "Just a car accident. I'm fine."
Unlike up here, there was a commotion down around the accident.
The boy I'd locked eyes with earlier was missing. Which was little wonder.
Since that car was lying miserably in the very place he'd been standing earlier.
Riku: "That's it for him."
Akeno: "If it's got nothin' to do with you, hurry up and get back here. I can't go home until you do! Chop chop."
Riku: "I get it already."
The town regained power in time with my sigh.
Since I was thinking something as stupid as "who knew my sighs had that kind of ability?" it was clear how little seeing someone's death had affected me.
Was it because I wasn't sure he had died? No, if he could survive that, I'd have to rethink everything I know about the limits of the human body.
Which means my heart must really have hardened.
I tried picturing myself crying with emotion over the death of a stranger.
I couldn't. In fact, I'll probably have forgotten the boy's face by tomorrow.
Riku: "Maybe I'm just a bird."
Birds who look out over the earth from above see everything with a certain distance.
But if you put that a different way, it means they never see things up close...
====================E002.TXT====================
I was contacted by Akeno-san in the morning and headed to Atori's headquarters.
It was only 7 in the morning, but the lobby was packed with visitors.
Riku: "Fwahh#..."
I was here to report about last night and get my Magi device adjusted. It's nothing that needs to be done right away, so I have to wonder if Akeno-san is just picking on me.
I put as little effort as I could get away with to cover up my nth sigh of the morning. I'd like to get this over with already...
Akeno: "Hey, you're late. It's five minutes past our meeting time."
Riku: "Please don't treat me like I'm one of your employees. I came all the way here for you, sleepy as I am."
Akeno: "You'd better be ready for shit like this when you're an adult. Overtime, all-nighters, comin' home in the mornin', none of that's gonna be very rare."
Riku: "Much more frightening than any ghost story, huh."
There were many suited employees inside the building. As could be expected of the top Magi developers in the field, I suppose.
Riku: "So? Do you feel like filling me in anytime soon?"
Akeno: "Hm? 'Bout what?"
Riku: "About the Rings. My job is neutralizing magic criminals even the police can't handle."
Akeno: "Along with testing the combat Magi devices we develop here, uh huh."
Riku: "Right. On those two points, my being the sole heir to the Atori name—"
Riku: "—And my being particularly talented with this Magi device are clear enough reasons for me to be doing the work."
Akeno: "You can't just be good at magic, y'hear? Kids need to study, and they need to learn about interactin' with people, too."
On the surface, they seemed like the sort of things the average respectable parent might say, but I've been acquainted with Akeno-san for long enough that I know not to take them at face value.
Riku: "When you talk about 'interacting with people,' don't you just mean 'figuring out the best way to use them,' Akeno-san?"
Akeno: "It's just the smart thing to do if you wanna live through this dog-eat-dog world. This'll get you a lot further than self-satisfyin' platitudes."
Riku: "Let's save the discussion on your worldview for later. What I'm curious about is the Rings."
Riku: "I understand why I have to take out magic criminals. It would be dangerous to leave them alone."
Riku: "But I don't understand why I need to collect the Rings of the mages that cause these commotions. What's the meaning of that?"
Akeno: "Hmm, I wonder."
She had the information, but no intention of telling me about it—the grin on her face made that clear enough.
Akeno: "What? You pouting 'cause your big sis won't fill you in?"
Riku: "Not really."
Akeno: "Oh, don't let it bother you! It's natural for kids to be ignorant, just like it's natural for babies to cry."
Riku: "If I content myself with being ignorant, that's when I'll stop growing up."
Akeno: "Well, you're not wrong about that. What's this all about, though? I had you pinned for somebody who doesn't give a shit about anythin' not directly related to you."
Riku: "It's not as if birds are completely indifferent to affairs down on the ground. If they notice something strange, they'll at least pay it attention."
Akeno: "Hmm..."
Akeno-san stroked her chin even though she didn't have a beard and looked off into the distance.
I couldn't tell what she was thinking. I was sure of this, though, at least:
Riku: "Well, it doesn't matter anymore. I'm just wasting my time here."
Akeno: "Oh? Y'think?"
Riku: "I won't ask you anymore, Akeno-san. I don't need to continue hearing you treat me like a child."
Akeno: "What's a child got to complain about bein' treated like one?"
Akeno: "And that makes it sound like you're just givin' up on hearin' about it from {me}."
Riku: "It's no concern of yours what I happen to find out about on my own, is it?"
Akeno: "Heheheh, you're exactly right. That's all on you."
Akeno: "Alright, then. If you manage to find the right answer, I promise to own up to it, no lies. I swear to God!"
Riku: "Please don't say things you don't mean. 'God' only sounds ever more shady coming from your mouth, Akeno-san."
Akeno: "That's harsh... Well, it's true I don't give a shit about some guy from who-knows-where who might not even exist."
In the end, we didn't touch on the subject.
Alright, I'll show her what I've got!
When I parted with Akeno-san, I felt a firm sense of purpose. I was certain of it.
But by the time I'd left the premises, my interest had waned so much that I'd lost the feeling completely.
Maybe I was just feeling an inexplicable stubbornness toward Akeno-san, like a child in puberty might direct toward their parents.
"You're not interested in anything that doesn't have to do with you"—If someone told me that, I'm sure I would deny it.
But still, in the end, I guess I'm a bird. Just an observer who flies through the sky and looks down over the world below.
Akeno-san's judgment was correct, for the most part.
After morning classes ended, I went behind the school building, like usual.
There are hardly any other students strange enough to hang out back here, which is precisely why I like the location.
I headed to the grass to do some reading under a tree like I always do.
White Cat: "Meow!"
A white cat zipped past me.
If it had been a black cat, that would have been a sign of bad luck, so since it was a white cat, is good luck headed my way?
While I was contemplating that, I heard a voice behind me, though I had thought no one was there.
???: "Hey, you."
When I turned around, I found a girl I'd never met before standing there, her posture confident.
I looked around, but we were the only people in the area, so she must have been talking to me.
???: "Can I ask you something?"
The unfamiliar girl—not that I have many acquaintances in the first place—proceeded without waiting for my input.
???: "Have you seen a cat around here? White as snow, with no impurities?"
I'll hold no interest in my surroundings—that's my basic stance here at the Academy, so I avoid interacting with people as much as I can.
But something about the girl in front of me brooked no dissent. She had a decisiveness and a strong will that didn't match her small frame.
Well, however you would describe it, I doubt I would ever have anything to do with her.
Riku: "A white cat just ran off in that direction, as a matter of fact."
Even if that cat was on the run from an evil organization and this girl was a hired killer under their command, it wouldn't have anything to do with me.
So I told her where the cat had gone without hiding anything.
???: "I see. She must have gone outside, then. Probably the church, like usual."
The assassin—no, that's all just my imagination, of course—the girl looking for the cat ran off in the direction I'd indicated without even thanking me.
Riku: "I wonder what that was about."
The girl who knew the truth about the matter had already disappeared. I wasn't that interested in the first place, though, so I headed into the grass and sat down under a tree.
I removed my smartphone from my pocket and opened up the e-book I was partway through.
It was about the king of a country being led astray by a witch and eventually getting killed by the people he'd angered.
I know how it ends because I've read it several times already, but I didn't really care what I was reading, since I was only here to kill time anyway.
Black Cat: "Meow#"
I looked up at the sound to see a black cat staring at me.
Riku: "Do you need something?"
The black cat started grooming itself without responding to my question.
Riku: "Good for you. It was a white cat that assassin was after."
I looked back at my phone. Once again sensing some eyes on me, I looked up once more to find the black cat staring my way again.
Riku: "What is it? I'm not giving you this spot. It's first come, first served."
I smiled at the cat, confident in my victory. Which is when I realized I was being more talkative with this cat than I ever would with another person.
I worried for a moment that I'd taken a step into weirdo territory at some point without noticing, then realized that I didn't care and stopped thinking about it.
It's true that cats are easier to talk to than people, since you don't have to concern yourself with how they're thinking about you.
Black Cat: "Meow#"
Riku: "Yeah, yeah, I get it already."
The cat remained where it was, still meowing at me, so it must have wanted me to move at all costs.
This place doesn't suit my needs unless it's somewhere quiet where no one will bother me.
I gave in and started to stand up, ceding the spot to the cat.
Black Cat: "Meow!"
But perhaps startled by my movement, the black cat suddenly sped off into the grass.
Riku: "Well, I'm fine with that if you are."
I thought I'd get back to my reading now that the intruder was gone.
But I still sensed someone on the other side of the bushes.
Riku: "Really, are you going to run or not? Make up your mind, would you?"
I couldn't see it, but the bushes were rustling, so I was sure it was there. The rustling grew louder and closer.
And finally the bushes parted and a black-haired head poked out of them.
But unlike before, this face wasn't covered in fur, and it was staring blankly over at me, looking rather dimwitted.
I couldn't take my eyes off of that face—
I don't normally remember people's faces—especially people I haven't taken a particular interest in.
But I remembered this face. It was the same face I'd seen last night—collapsed on the ground and covered in blood.
I was surprised to see him alive at first, but then I quickly grew suspicious. I'm loathe to admit it, but let's say I jumped to conclusions and he hadn't actually died.
Riku: "......"
If so, he still couldn't possibly be here. Even if he miraculously survived, he never could have come to the Academy not a day later without a single wound on him.
Riku: "For what reason—"
I paused for a moment, uneasy about continuing, though something seemed to be forcing me to do so...
I had no choice but to say the words in order to accept what was before me as reality.
Riku: "For what reason are you here?"
The words came from deep in my heart, honest and without adornment.
Of course, he can't possibly be here. Since last night, he was hit by a car and should have suffered fatal wounds.
I waited for the answer to my question...
But what came from his mouth wasn't an answer at all. It was a completely worthless line.
???/Haruto: "...Because it is my purpose, maybe?"
As I looked at him trying to conceal his embarrassment before me, I realized the source of the uneasiness I felt before.
I felt a stirring in my heart, movement in a part of me I thought had gone numb. The only problem is that it was born out of annoyance...
If he was actually serious, and went on to say he'd crawled back up out of hell in order to meet me, how exactly would I reply to that...?
Should I just apologize and tell him I'm not the wonderful person he must think I am...
I smiled a little, thinking I couldn't exactly say anything about him when I had these fantasies going through my head.
====================E003.TXT====================
Riku: "It's getting away. Should we follow it?"
Senri: "No, it's fine."
That mysterious intruder was getting away, jumping through the sky on icy landing pads made with magic.
It's not as if I had nothing I wanted to ask it, but its speedy retreat was making giving up seem like a better option.
Riku: "Well, I have no idea what's going on."
With that, the strange hooded figure leapt right out of my field of vision.
Riku: "So that was the 'Hood' you mentioned earlier. What exactly is it?"
Senri: "...Slender."
He stared at his palm as if to recall the sensation of something.
Riku: "Excuse me."
He just kept staring at his hand, thinking, as if he couldn't hear me at all.
Frankly, I was getting angry. I decided to address him more clearly, so that he couldn't miss it this time.
Riku: "I'm talking to you. Are you listening?"
Senri: "Does that 'mission' the Hood mentioned involve your Ring-hunting? Don't you have to be at your next job?"
Come to think of it, I had onesidedly cut off communications with Akeno-san, hadn't I?
She could tell right away that I'd reconnected, and I immediately heard her voice.
Akeno: "Hey, what the heck happened? Report already."
I heard her irritated voice right in my ear. I responded quietly so that the man before me wouldn't hear.
Riku: "Nothing happened. There was something a little outside of my expectations, but I finished the job."
Akeno: "Oh yeah? Well hurry up an' scram, then. Another job just came in."
Riku: "Is that right? I'll have to hurry, then."
It's just as the mysterious "Hood" said. I guess it wasn't just some random interloper.
Seems like I've got a tight schedule. These crazed mages aren't nice enough to wait for me to arrive. I cut the conversation short as directly as I could.
Riku: "Now that you mention it, I am running late. I'll have to leave straightaway."
But I have to at least tell him this. I'm not stupid enough to be apathetic about what happened here today.
Riku: "In any case, I'll remember you."
With the end of the workday comes a period of relaxation.
Whether you head down to a bar, go to a driving range, or collect information to expose a conspiracy, you're free to do with this time what you please.
I have absolutely no intention of continuing to work without some kind of compensation...
It's the first time I've had to take two out in one day.
Akeno-san didn't seem at all ashamed over the radio as she gave me this perfunctory request:
Akeno: "I know you're supposed to be done with work now, but could ya clean up this next one too?"
Riku: "You don't have to ask like that, and I doubt you're really concerned in the first place."
Akeno: "Well, good then. Hurry it up, they're already partyin' over there."
I couldn't even bring myself to criticize her attitude. Akeno-san would slap her sick parents out of bed if she needed them for something. That's just the kind of person she is.
Riku: "Incidentally, may I ask you a question?"
Akeno: "What is it? Long as you keep on gallopin', I don't mind."
I thought back to what had just happened.
Riku: "Are there other people like me working to stop rampaging mages and collect their Rings?"
Akeno: "Huh? 'Course not. We can only do this since Atori's so friendly with the government."
Akeno: "Try to get somebody else runnin' around town in the open like you do. They'll get tossed into the same cell as the mage they take out."
Riku: "Let me ask something else, then. What value do the mages' Rings have?"
Akeno: "Huh...?"
Riku: "If I was just apprehending mages, I wouldn't need to collect their Rings."
Riku: "I believe you mentioned something about quickly obtaining personal information about the criminals, but that's just a pretense, isn't it?"
Akeno: "Don't sweat the small stuff."
Riku: "I had no intention of sweating anything until I became suspicious."
Akeno: "Ahh, you're so much fuckin' trouble... No comment! I told you to figure this shit out yourself if you wanna know, right?"
Riku: "I suppose you did. That's why I suspected you wouldn't answer. I was just talking to myself on the way."
Would it be rash to mention the hooded figure that had just appeared? After some consideration, I decided to see if the information shook her up at all.
Riku: "Actually, I was almost prevented from collecting that last Ring."
Riku: "A man with white hair and someone covering their face with a hood appeared. Do you know anything about them?"
Akeno: "Can't say I do."
It sounded like she was trying to suppress a laugh—so I decided to throw everything I had at her.
Riku: "Let's change the subject then. Do you know a boy named Mutsumi Haruto, Akeno-san?"
Akeno: "Whozzat? You get a boyfriend?"
Riku: "He's a student at the Academy. Let's just say I'm interested in him."
Akeno: "I'm shocked to hear such a normal sentiment coming from you."
Akeno: "...Mutsumi Haruto, was it? From his name, he sounds kinda like a dumbass."
I can't imagine she could really tell his level of intelligence from his name alone—I didn't particularly care about confirming her suspicions, but there was something else about that statement that was significant.
Given Akeno-san's personality, as long as I wasn't completely off the mark, she wouldn't shoot my questions down without taking them into account.
I don't know exactly what she means, but she's beating around the bush on purpose, leaving something unsaid.
Most importantly, even if you were being generous, he hardly seemed possessed of an abundance of intelligence.
Akeno-san knows him—it's all connected. That, and this.
Akeno: "What is it about him you like? His face? Are you just a regular brat when all's said and done?"
Riku: "We can talk about him later. After we get to know each other a little better."
Akeno: "I'm looking forward to that."
Let's say that I've won this little back-and-forth.
As I got closer to my next job, I cut off the conversation with Akeno-san.
If I want to figure these things out, my leads are right in front of me. Maybe I'll ask my next target. Why am I after you? Why are you there?
Like a bird looking down at the earth from high, high up in the sky—
====================E004.TXT====================
Just as we'd planned, Akeno-san came over to the break area, switching places with him.
What I have to do is simple. My job is to buy enough time for him to finish his search.
Akeno: "What do you want? I'm sure you know, but I'm a busy woman. My time is more valuable than that of a kid with plenty to spare."
Riku: "I'm as frightened as I am surprised to see you here working so late."
Akeno: "I'm contributin' to this little business your folks started up. Be a little more grateful, why don't you?"
Riku: "I'm very grateful."
Akeno: "There's nothing I appreciate receivin' less than gratitude just for the sake of appearances... 'cept maybe ugly curtains."
Akeno: "So? Whaddya want? I've gotta take the Element-fixation Magi you were testing over to the lab."
Riku: "Regarding our previous discussion, I'd like to know why my orders were suddenly rescinded."
Akeno: "Hm?"
During the incident at the mall—I wanted to know why she stopped me from pursuing Mutsumi Haruto.
I lost sight of him after that mysterious flash of light, but there was a chance I could have found him if I'd searched the area quickly. However, Akeno-san had ordered me not to chase him and to return home instead.
Akeno: "That's 'cause, y'know, he wasn't the one you were supposed to be after."
Akeno: "From the chatter on the police radio, I figured that your target had already been arrested. There was no need to go out of your way to do anythin' else, right?"
Riku: "My job is to eliminate those who use magic without authorization. In that situation, that would have applied to him as well."
Akeno: "What are you tryin' to say?"
Riku: "Mutsumi Haruto—there {is} something special about him. If there weren't, I can't imagine you'd go out of your way to comment on my judgment of the situation."
Akeno: "Could be. Not like it'd matter a bit to me if some poor bystander got caught up in your work."
Riku: "And you're not going to tell me what that something is, are you?"
Akeno: "Didn't I say to do somethin' with your own power if there's somethin' you wanna know? You gotta obtain what you need on your own. That's the way of the world."
Riku: "You're right. I'll investigate with my own methods, then."
So I said, though of course I was in the process of my own investigation that very moment.
Akeno: "Hey, can I ask you somethin'?"
Riku: "What happened to using your own power to find out things you want to know?"
Akeno: "This is nothin' super important, after all. I don't care if you don't wanna answer."
Riku: "No, ask away and I'll answer if I'm able. I believe our relationship warrants that amount of courtesy."
Akeno: "I've never heard you sound more sincere."
Riku: "So, what is it you wanted to ask?"
Akeno: "You never show any interest in anythin', least of all people."
Akeno: "Yet you're awfully insistent about this. What's that all about?"
Riku: "I wouldn't pay it any mind if it were, for instance, getting just a little less pork in the tonkotsu soy sauce ramen I always order."
Riku: "But if the soup's salt-flavored instead and the noodles are extra thin on top of that, you can't exactly ignore it, can you?"
Riku: "I'd complain to the cook, or I'd leave the store in anger. It's like that."
Akeno: "I'm not sure how I feel about that analogy."
Riku: "In other words, it's not a personal issue, but something that anyone can objectively look at, think it's wrong, and that it should be corrected."
Riku: "I imagine everyone has at least that strong of a moral compass."
In a worst-case scenario, what I'm doing could have irreparable consequences.
If I'm contributing to some conspiracy, it wouldn't only be my personal opinion that I should stop, but rather common sense.
Akeno: "As your elder, lemme give you some advice."
It would be terrible if I became an adult as twisted as Akeno-san—
I thought for a moment that it might be dangerous to listen to her, but objectively speaking, I'm not really what you'd call an upstanding citizen either. I decided to put aside my momentary worries and just forget about it.
Akeno: "What's right or wrong is only subjective, and there are plenty of examples of the two bein' turned around completely."
Akeno: "So the truth of the matter isn't important. What's important is bein' able to convince those around you that something is right, and the people who can do that, well, they rule the world."
Riku: "I have no particular plans to rule the world."
Akeno: "What I'm tryin' to say is that there's no point in 'objective morality.'"
Akeno: "You think other people are gonna help you out when you're in trouble? Best they can do is sympathize, and that ain't worth shit."
Akeno: "That's why you should do whatever {you} think is right. Don't listen to other people. You'll regret less that way."
Riku: "......"
She's got such a nasty mouth, but she uses it to make good points. She's persuasive enough to stop me from arguing back.
It was like she knew everything I was thinking, and I had no idea how to respond, although it's not as if I had no idea what she was talking about.
......
Oh, the conversation ended.
Akeno: "Well, that enough? I'm gonna go back to my office."
I stood in front of Akeno-san before she could leave.
Akeno: "...You're in my way."
Riku: "Please don't let it bother you."
Akeno: "Your face is awfully close. You want me to teach you how to kiss or somethin'?"
Riku: "—?!"
Akeno-san's hand crept up the back of my neck. I was so surprised by the sensation that ran through me that I inadvertently made a strange noise.
Akeno: "Well? My technique's pretty good, ain't it? Couldn't hurt to learn if you're goin' after some guy."
Riku: "I-I'm fine."
Akeno: "You sure? Don't you think you'll need it to bag Mutsumi Haruto? Maybe it's a bit too high of a hurdle for a kid like you."
Determining that it would be difficult to hold her here any longer, I sent the signal on my terminal behind my back.
Akeno: "Ah, that's right."
Akeno: "Someone added a new access number to my office lock temporarily. Wonder who that was."
Riku: "I have no idea what you're talking about."
Akeno: "So barefaced. Hey, I'm not mad! Who could get up in arms every single time a brat does something mischievous?"
Akeno: "I'll forget it ever happened. I overwrote the data anyway, so your little scheme's failed."
Riku: "......"
It was just as I imagined: Akeno-san had no desire to make a big deal out of this.
If she suspected me of something, she had the power to inspect the security camera footage, but doing so would be akin to publicly accusing the daughter of the CEO. She would never do that.
Akeno: "I dunno who you paid to sneak in, but it's too bad. They've probably run off by now anyway."
Akeno-san grinned as she checked her terminal, but in the next instant her confidently raised eyebrows dropped down into a frown.
Akeno: "Entrance history—?"
Riku: "Huh?"
Akeno: "That's weird, is it a bug?"
History—So Senri-san got in?
Akeno: "Didja hire someone good? Well, no matter. I'll reward all your hard work a little."
If {the card I gave him} didn't work, how did he get in?
Senri: "Mikuriya won her current position with her own ability, correct?"
I recalled his words.
—At that moment, did Senri-san determine that our plan had been seen through?
Did he not use the card I gave him because he could get in this whole time without relying on me?
In any case, if he got in, it should be fair to assume he obtained the information on the Rings I asked him for.
I checked my terminal. It showed no new messages—like we'd planned, I'd alerted him of danger, but he'd cut off communications.
I looked out at the elevator in sudden realization.
Riku: "I see. He was lying about our agreement to meet up afterwards, too."
The display just in front of me indicated that the cab had just arrived at the first floor.
====================E005.TXT====================
I left the humid ramen shop and savored the cool breeze outside that tickled my cheeks.
I brushed my hair back and a nearby man stared at me. Was he ogling me, or was he just suspicious of a girl coming out of a ramen shop on her own at a time like this?
According to Akeno-san, "nobody could possibly eat rich soy sauce tonkotsu ramen first thing in the morning," so I imagine most people wouldn't agree with my tastes.
Riku: "Well, guess I'll give her a call."
Now that my stomach was full, I had to head to the Atori building to get some regular maintenance done on my Magi.
I took out my phone to let Akeno-san know I was coming. Even if it was a regular thing, I was used to her canceling plans at the drop of a hat.
It would be entirely her fault for disregarding the schedule, but it would also be stupid of me not to expect something like that from her.
Riku: "Ah, hello. It's me."
Akeno: "Hm? What, it's you?"
Riku: "I'll be heading over there like scheduled. You're at the office, right?"
Akeno: "I told you to take care of that on your own, didn't I?"
Riku: "Huh? I'm not sure what you mean. I can't very well take care of anything without my equipment, can I?"
Akeno: "Christ, I got it already. Get your ass over here, then."
Riku: "A-Alright. I hope you're really going to be there..."
.........
That was strange. It was like we were having two different conversations...
Well, no matter. It makes no difference to me as long as she's there when I show up.
====================E101.TXT====================
Security Guard: "Evacuate immediately! It's dangerous here!"
Researcher: "Not yet! We have to transfer the data before we escape!!"
Security Guard: "You're not going to make it! All the equipment's been destroyed, and the flames are right around the corner!"
Researcher: "Damn it! What are you idiots doing?! Capture them already!!"
Security Guard: "They escaped a long time ago! We have to evacuate right now!"
Black smoke spread out from the building, enveloping it—a burnt smell reached my nostrils on the breeze.
It was the smell of order burning. Nothing suited me better, now that I was opposed to the justice of regular society. It brought a cold sneer to my lips.
Riku: "Nothing to show for it this time either, huh."
As always, she had the same line ready. She didn't even sound particularly put-off by the whole thing.
Haruto: "Nope. I don't mind, though. I never thought it would be so quick and easy."
Destroying one or two research facilities won't solve anything.
That won't put out the flames of resentment whirling inside me.
Haruto: "My debt isn't repaid yet. There's more... much more we can do."
Riku: "......"
Haruto: "Something the matter?"
Riku: "No, not really. More importantly, if we don't get out of here soon, we'll run into BURST."
BURST—when I heard the word, I felt something unpleasant tightening in my chest.
Haruto: "I know. We don't need anything else here, and we can't get caught until we achieve our goals."
Riku: "Can I ask you something?"
Haruto: "What is it?"
Riku: "Is your goal to expose and put a stop to the conspiracy?"
Riku: "Or..."
Her gaze seemed to doubt my true motives. I met her attack with a fake smile.
Haruto: "Of course it is. Inhumane, illegal research can't be allowed, whether it's the doing of the government or Atori or whoever."
Haruto: "I feel the same way you do, Riku-chan."
Riku: "That's good, then."
Guess she has no interest in participating in a surface-level exchange like this. Riku-chan turned away disinterestedly.
Haruto: "Wrongs should be righted."
Haruto: "—This isn't playing fair at all."
It was clear that the girl standing next to me had no intention of accepting the feelings spilling from my mouth right now—
In which case, they're nothing more than a stake I'm pounding into myself.
A swarm of approaching sirens—
A BURST squad had sniffed out a commotion and was on its way to round up whoever had broken the rules.
Riku: "Doesn't look like that way will work. Let's take the opposite direction."
Haruto: "The entrance to the underground is on the other side of the street, if we're going this way..."
Our escape route was a series of drains that extended around the city.
Using these underground ditches that stretched all around Agartha was convenient for avoiding people's eyes.
The entrance to the drain we'd used to get here was in the direction of those shrill sirens. They were growing closer every second.
We probably couldn't use that route—no, that's putting it lightly.
Haruto: "I don't think we're gonna get away. They're going to catch up to us before we make it to our alternate route."
BURST had arrived earlier than we'd expected. Looks like they're learning, since these government-affiliated buildings have been attacked one after the other.
Riku: "What'd I say? This is because {somebody} had to take his time."
Haruto: "I'll buy you some time, then. You get away first, Riku-chan."
Riku: "'Buy time'? Are you going to fight BURST?"
Haruto: "If that's all I can do, I have to do it."
Riku: "You know that there's a difference between attacking these buildings and fighting BURST, don't you?"
Riku: "Are you prepared to do that? In addition to the physical danger, of course."
The research labs facilitating the conspiracy and BURST, the shield of the people. The latter have a duty to face danger and have done nothing to deserve judgment.
Haruto: "Sure I am. Now that I've fallen from the path, the only way for me to go is down."
Common sense and value systems are things that "normal" humans need to live respectable lives.
So then, are those who throw away those things even human anymore—?
Not that that matters. I'm not normal either way.
Haruto: "Come on, if you don't get going, they're going to catch you too."
Riku: "Who said you could make these decisions? You're my accomplice, aren't you? I can't have you disappearing on me."
Haruto: "I don't intend to disappear. There are still things we have to do."
Haruto: "For them, I'll—"
Once the vehicle arrived, those inside it sprung rapidly into motion.
The BURST squad deployed, using the car as a shield. Flashlights, gun muzzles, and hostility were all pointed our way.
There was still an escape route behind us, but it wouldn't be long before we were surrounded.
BURST Member A: "Lay down your weapons and surrender!"
I could never have imagined being in this position a year ago.
Everything changed on that day of the Magus Terror Attacks—the day they call 12/12.
This is reality—I was forced to accept anew that right now, we were criminals who disturbed the order of society.
Haruto: "But even so, we can't be captured—"
The things I've lost and the things I've gained—there was no need to compare them. They would never be equal.
But no matter how I protest, no one will hear me out. In which case—
Haruto: "I can only go up against them with what I've got in my hands right now!"
The flames born in my heart ran through my body and poured into my Magi. What had been nothing but a cold blade before took on the heat of my anger.
I swung the great blade down from above my head—and following the arc the blade drew, blue flames tore into the concrete, dividing BURST from us.
BURST Member A: "R-Retreat!!"
The BURST squad had to abandon the car and retreat lest they get swallowed up by the waves of azure fire.
Riku: "Well, I'm relieved to find that you do still seem to have a conscience."
Riku: "That was rather showy, though. This road's going to be closed for a while. It costs money to repair these streets, you know."
Haruto: "Wasting tax money isn't anything new... and 'waste' doesn't always mean 'unnecessary.' Let's get away while we've got the chance."
If we're caught here, I'll have burnt up that road for nothing. We have to get away while BURST is still recovering—
Right when we turned around and headed for our other escape route, I caught sight of a black van without any headlights racing through the night and ignoring the speed limit.
It was headed straight for us.
Riku: "BURST... No, doesn't look like it."
Haruto: "......"
Riku: "If you're going to do something, the sooner the better. This car seems to have some business with us."
I have no way of knowing whether it's friend or foe. Nevertheless, I gripped my Magi harder straightaway. We don't have any allies, after all.
I waited as long as I could to see what it would do. The driver and I faced each other, though I couldn't see him through the glass. It was like a game of chicken.
We ended up winning the game. The black van slammed on the brakes at the last minute, sliding past us. It stopped just nearby after a shrill screech.
Haruto: "......"
I put my guard up, as I had no idea what this interloper was after. Before long, the driver's side window slid open and I could make out the faint image of someone's face.
When I saw that face for the first time in almost a year, emotions that couldn't easily be described welled up within me.
He ordered us in a businesslike tone, with no regard for the emotions I felt roiling inside:
Yuuji: "Get in."
The smoke of his cigarette drifted over to me. I was angry at myself for thinking it smelt nostalgic.
The car was filled with a suffocating silence, as no one seemed to have anything to say.
Da—The man who'd once called himself Mutsumi Yuuji stared straight at the road and puffed out the cigarette smoke he was breathing in.
Cold air rushed through the car since the driver's side window was open. He did ask "Is it too cold?" once, but after hearing our persistent silence, he stopped sending words our way.
The wind in this season chills you to the bone, but I thought even that would be better than the gloom that would fill the car if the windows were shut.
Riku-chan, next to me in the back seat, sent a glance my way like she wanted to say something.
But as I continued to ignore her, she seemed to lose interest and began watching the scenery outside the car.
Eventually the car made its way through the wide city roads and pulled over on a smaller, unpopulated street.
Before he could say anything to me, I slid open the door and got out. My instincts pushed me to do so.
Yuuji: "Haruto!"
I tried to leave just after getting out of the car, but I was stopped by his voice. The feelings I couldn't quite sort out caused me to hesitate and halted me in my tracks.
Riku: "He's calling you."
Haruto: "...I have nothing to say to him."
Riku: "I can't say I don't understand your feelings, but it could be beneficial to you in a few different ways."
Haruto: "......"
Riku: "Hahh... Not that I really care either way."
I didn't turn around when he called me, but I heard more words from behind my back anyway.
Yuuji: "I'm sure you don't want to hear what I have to say. It's probably pointless, but just listen to this, alright?"
His tone was calm, and again nostalgic—that made me even angrier.
Yuuji: "What you're doing is just breaking the law. Quit being such idiots."
Riku: "Pardon me, but if you people weren't scheming such awful things, we wouldn't have to go around acting like terrorists either."
Yuuji: "Don't lump me in with them. I'm..."
Yuuji: "...No, I guess I'm the same as them from your perspective."
He swallowed his words with the deep drag he took on his cigarette. His eyes were directed at the cars passing by, as if he couldn't bear to look at us.
Riku: "Well, do you have any helpful information for us?"
Yuuji: "I don't know anything more than you guys. I'd like to know what you do, honestly."
Riku: "Then why did you let us go? You're still a BURST commander even now, aren't you?"
Yuuji: "...If they found out, I'd get worse than a dismissal, that's for sure. They'd throw me in a cell."
Yuuji: "I'd be sitting at the same dinner table as the guys I've arrested up 'til now. Not very funny, if you ask me."
Riku: "I asked what your reason for helping us was, not what risks you took."
Yuuji: "......"
Riku: "...Haahh. The apple doesn't fall far from the noncommittal tree, I suppose. Not that I'm really surprised."
Haruto: "We're not related. Clones don't have parents."
Riku: "Ah, that's right. You're a human clone the government created, aren't you, Haruto-san?"
Haruto: "......"
Yuuji: "......"
Riku: "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that."
Haruto: "It's fine. You can accept anything if you've got a whole year to do it. I guess it's true that time heals all wounds."
Riku: "That's good, then. It's hard enough work walking on these eggshells. At this rate I might die from exhaustion."
Riku: "It won't be any fun running into BURST again, so let's get out of here already."
Haruto: "Right."
Yuuji: "Haruto!"
At Riku-chan's urging, we began to leave the area. When I looked back at the man who'd tried to stop us, I saw a face more hesitant than any in my memories.
Yuuji: "Are you getting enough to eat? Are you healthy? If you need something—"
Haruto: "Haha..."
I'd thought that laughter was something that only emerged when you were happy or having fun.
But apparently that isn't actually true. After all, there's not a shred of happiness in me anymore.
Haruto: "...What is that supposed to mean? Cut that out..."
Haruto: "Whose fault do you think it is that we're in this mess?!"
When a dam bursts, it spews out all the energy it's been storing up. The more I tried to bottle up my feelings, the harsher the flood was when it all rushed out.
Haruto: "Don't act like you're my father! We don't need to play family anymore, do we?! I never really had a family in the first place!"
I somehow managed to push down the memories that would have made me dizzy and nauseous. My fists were clenched so hard I was afraid my nails might break the skin.
Haruto: "...You really were a detective though, weren't you? You should just arrest me, then."
Haruto: "I'm a criminal. It's a detective's job to arrest criminals, isn't it?"
Yuuji: "...People aren't that simple. Sometimes I wish everything was as neatly divided into fair and foul as in baseball."
Haruto: "Well, I can't understand that, can I? I'm not even a real person."
Yuuji: "......"
I don't think I can say anything positive right now. I'm completely sick of myself and everyone else too.
Haruto: "Let's go."
There's no point at all in staying here. I can say that with certainty no matter how confused my thoughts are becoming.
We set out again into the quiet night streets.
I never heard the car starting up behind us.
Haruto: "...If there's something you want to say, feel free."
I could feel Riku-chan's eyes on me the whole way home, so I finally cracked and brought it up first.
Riku: "But you'll get angry, won't you, Haruto-san? Oh, I suppose those are the wrong words."
Riku: "You'll curl up in the corner of the room and sulk like a displeased cat, won't you?"
Riku: "There's something that {you} want to say, that you want to {scream}, but you just keep it bottled up inside."
Haruto: "...If it's bothering you, then I'll apologize. I think it's better than ranting and raving, though."
Riku: "It's easier to deal with your emotions when you can be straightforward with them. That leads to a different sort of trouble for me, of course."
Haruto: "Easier, huh. That's just like you, Riku-chan."
It's been a few months since I decided to work together with her.
If I were to use one word to describe the Atori Riku I've seen during that time, I'd call her a bird. She's always overlooking the situation, calmly making objective judgments.
She can stay so collected and unaffected because she's always flying high above everyone else, where no one can reach her. She looks completely unruffled right now too, so I'm sure that's true.
That was really how I felt, at any rate.
Riku: "Was that really alright?"
She must have been referring to that chance encounter we'd just had. I felt an ache in my chest as I thought back to it.
Riku: "You were alone with him—well, I was there too, but who knows if you'll get another chance like that in the future."
Haruto: "I have nothing to say to him. There's nothing about him for me to miss."
Riku: "Well, if that's really how you feel, then there's nothing I can say about it."
Riku: "But if you really have no regrets, why are you making a face like that?"
Haruto: "......"
Riku: "I'm not criticizing you. And I'm not trying to be cruel. If I've crossed a line, please let me know."
Haruto: "You don't need to worry about me. I'm fine. I can deal with my own feelings."
Riku: "Well, that's good, then."
Haruto: "We wouldn't want you dying of exhaustion, after all."
Riku: "Just what I was thinking. It's not as if I'll get workers' comp injuring myself on the job, so you need to have it together."
I always have trouble trying to figure out when Riku-chan's joking or being serious. Of course, I'm not sure if I'd even be alive today if not for her.
Even after something like that happened, I still longed for companionship somewhere deep inside my heart.
Riku: "Well, I'm sure some amount of brooding is unavoidable in your circumstances."
Riku: "You can find pity and sympathy anywhere, but no one can really understand someone else's pain if they haven't experienced the same thing themselves."
Haruto: "I don't think I'll ever find anyone else who found out that they were actually a clone and that their family were complete strangers."
Riku: "That's right. That's why there's no point in stressing about it."
Haruto: "Why do you say that?"
Riku: "There's no one who can understand your feelings, Haruto-san. No one's been in the same situation, after all."
Riku: "Then shouldn't you just do whatever you want? No matter what anyone says, no one's facing your situation more seriously than you."
Riku: "There isn't anyone who can claim to know what to do in your place better than you do."
Haruto: "That's a strange way to think about it, but I sort of feel like you're right. That might make me feel a little better."
Riku: "Well, they're not my words, but if they helped at all, I'm glad."
Riku: "Really what I'm trying to say, I suppose, is that it isn't very cool to put too much of a burden on your juniors."
Haruto: "Right, I'll keep that in mind."
Riku-chan was as blunt as ever, but I felt like my steps had grown a little lighter even so.
We passed through some side streets in the entertainment district and headed up the stairs to the deserted building where we were living now. Two pairs of footsteps creaked on the steps.
Opening up the cold metal door, we stepped into an apartment that was entirely too dreary to really seem all that lived-in.
Riku: "Wait, did we leave the lights on?"
Haruto: "No, I'm pretty sure I turned them off..."
We've been eating and sleeping in this apartment for a few months. We really should have been used to the space by now, but something just seemed off about it today.
—Then I realized that it was a sweet scent that was causing that feeling.
And—
A sound that neither of us had made came from the bathroom.
When the door opened, steam and a person toweling off her hair appeared, the latter ceasing her action when she noticed us.
Ageha: "Oh... sorry to intrude...?"
Ageha: "No, that's not right#♪ This is {my} little castle here! You guys are the ones intruding!"
Ageha: "What? What's goin' on here? You thieves? A couple? If you're gonna go at it, could you take it somewhere else? This ain't no love hotel, y'know."
Riku: "I'm not sure which assertion is the more damaging to my honor."
Riku-chan and I were forced to kneel in front of the woman who was in our apartment.
Apparently she was the owner of this building, and she was drilling us for the reason why we were living there.
Strictly speaking, from a legal perspective, we didn't have a shred of justification for our use of this apartment, and we couldn't really oppose this woman who'd named herself Ageha.
Ageha: "What the heck, if you don't want me making up my own backstories for you, why don't you explain what's going on here, huh?"
Riku: "How should I put this... There are some very complicated circumstances here, you see..."
Ageha: "I don't see! I'm asking you what you're doing here! Are you friends with Sen-chan or something?"
Riku: "Sen-chan? Oh, him."
Ageha: "Him? Hm... Come to think of it, I've seen you somewhere before..."
Riku: "Seems he was a quite accomplished tea-brewer, wasn't he? If only he hadn't angered Hideyoshi and been commanded to cut his stomach open for it."
Ageha: "You think I'm getting wet for Sen no Rikyu's little willie? It's Sen-chan's baby I want to have!"
Riku: "There's no point in speaking any more words. I give up on communicating with you."
Ageha: "Huh?! C'mon now, pretty girl, you wanna die? You wanna drop dead?"
Riku: "I've heard that twice now. Your memory's not too good, is it?"
Ageha: "Ah, whatever, right, right. We're not gonna get along, so you, pretty boy!"
Haruto: "Pr... e-err, yes?"
Ageha: "You're getting a little lecture now, so how about you face forward when I'm talking, okay, sweetie?"
Haruto: "Erm... if you bend forward like that... no, never mind..."
Ageha-san sat on the couch with her legs crossed, leaning down and looking at my face.
Her clothes were already pretty open in the front, so if she leaned forward, the effect was only emphasized. I was ashamed to be trespassing as well, and could only look down at my knees.
Ageha-san gave an exasperated sigh.
Ageha: "So if you're not Sen-chan's friends, what are you doing here?"
Haruto: "Well, umm, we had nowhere to go for... reasons, so we were using this place, since it seemed abandoned."
Haruto: "There are a lot of empty buildings around here after all the OutCast arrests."
Ageha: "How long have you been here?"
Haruto: "Like, half a year?"
Ageha: "...Huh. Then Sen-chan found somewhere else right after I left, I guess..."
A shadow fell over her face for a second—but she must not have wanted us to see it, because she got her energy back right away.
Ageha: "But that's that and this is this!"
Ageha: "So what are these reasons anyway? From the looks of it, you two are like a suckling babe and a barely potty-trained brat."
Ageha: "If it's some dumbass reason like 'it's our rebellious phase and we ran away from home,' I'm gonna send you right back where you came from."
Haruto: "...I don't have any parents."
Ageha: "I'm not gonna believe any old lie you make up on the spot. Look me in the eye and say it. Then we'll talk."
Haruto: "No, really, I..."
Ageha: "Ooh, is your little heart going pitter-patter? Do you wanna get into my pants, is that it?"
Haruto: "That's not... If you're dressed like that, it's only natural—"
Ageha: "Boingy boingy."
Haruto: "?!"
Ageha-san pushed her breasts together. They were already practically spilling out of her top, but the situation had become even more precarious.
Ageha: "Your face is beet red! Ohmigod, what a rare specimen! How long has it been since I've had a chance to pop a cherry like this..."
Haruto: "What are you thinking?! Are you crazy...?!"
Ageha: "Oh, who cares? I got some limitless resources here! And you should be getting some experience, kiddo! I don't mind# You wanna just go at it from behind?"
Riku: "True, if they got smaller each time, I shudder to think what size they originally could have been."
Haruto: "Just please stop showing them to me...!"
Ageha: "Yeah, yeah, we can continue this later."
Riku: "......"
Haruto: "Wh-What...?"
Riku-chan gave me a look that wasn't criticizing or disdainful but was just very difficult to describe.
Riku: "So that's the sort of approach that's effective. I've learned something."
Haruto: "What do you mean?"
Riku: "Just talking to myself. Anyway, what are you planning to do with us? Are you going to hand us over to the police?"
Getting right back on topic, Riku-chan posed the question as if it had nothing to do with us.
Ageha: "Yeah, if I were a regular citizen I prob'ly would. But like, I'm an OutCast, right?"
Ageha: "You could say that I'm like, not super attuned to the difference between right and wrong, that I'm not really interested... I'm not super into following rules, y'know?"
Riku: "You'll let us go, then?"
Ageha: "Well, you wouldn't be living in a place like this if you didn't have a reason to..."
Ageha: "And if I kick somebody while I'm down it won't make me feel any better. Us outcasts gotta stick together, right?"
Ageha: "So like, feel free to use the place if you want."
Haruto: "...Is that alright?"
Ageha: "Not like the previous tenant's coming back anytime soon, and I've got other places."
Ageha: "I just stopped by 'cause I haven't been here in a while and figured it was getting covered in dust."
Haruto: "You're not asking anything about these intruders you know nothing about, and you'll even help us? Why?"
Ageha: "Just kinda hoping if you do good for someone else, it comes back to you one day, y'know?"
Ageha: "I'm fickle. And I expect a favor in return, y'hear?"
Haruto: "......"
My words were stuck deep down in my throat. If she meant what she said, then it really was unreasonable for us to be staying here.
Or is this {our} karma for what we've done? Either way, I'm not sure how I can just accept this.
Wrongs should be righted. This isn't playing fair.
Ageha: "Oh, but could you tell me one thing?"
Riku: "What?"
Ageha: "What do you mean, what?! You can tell me your names, can't you?! I'll rape you!"
Ageha-san bent forward to look down on us.
Those pale, soft mounds pressed forward again.
Ageha: "Well, I'm gonna head home. Don't forget to lock up at night, 'kay? It's dangerous around here after dark."
Ageha: "Oh, that's right. Harucchi."
Haruto: "Are you talking to me?"
That's pretty far from the name I gave her earlier. Ageha-san slid up to me, unconcerned about that.
Ageha: "I dunno what happened, but buck up, 'kay? You just look too much like a zombie, I don't even wanna give you my non-virginity like this."
Haruto: "A zombie...? You mean, I look dead?"
Ageha: "More like you're living like you're dead."
Haruto: "...It might be easier to die, since then you don't have to feel anything."
Ageha: "Long as you're alive, you can try again, but once you're dead, there's no going back, y'know."
Ageha: "It may be hard down in the pits, but they call 'em that 'cause you can't fall any further, right? So don't worry."
Ageha: "Not that I should really be talking. But think of it as advice from someone who had a face like that until just recently."
Ageha-san gave me a pat on the back and a knowing wink, then left the apartment.
Riku: "What were you talking about?"
Haruto: "...How to live a carefree life."
Riku: "So nothing to do with you right now."
I haven't seen myself in a mirror lately, but it looks like something in my face has gotten bad enough that a person I just met is worrying about me.
In other words, I should stop wearing my heart on my sleeve.
Riku: "Mind if I watch some TV?"
Haruto: "Nah. Maybe they're reporting on our last attack."
Riku: "Well, they're a popular topic lately. The Collector and the Blue Blaze."
Haruto: "I dunno about 'the Collector,' but I kinda doubt the naming ability of whoever came up with 'the Blue Blaze.'"
On the TV screen, I saw a familiar facility surrounded by fire engines.
Riku: "Pretty big commotion. Must be a huge pain for all the people called out there to work."
Haruto: "Why do you say it like it has nothing to do with you?"
Riku: "Sorry to say, but it doesn't. Oh, the newscaster just said our names. They're so quick at their jobs, huh?"
They hadn't said our real names, but the names society knew the perpetrators of these serial attacks as—the "Collector" and the "Blue Blaze."
I don't know who came up with them, but they started on the net and now even the mainstream news people are using them.
I'm not sure that our activities could really be said to be causing "terror." Those with anti-establishment sentiments in the anti-magic faction even seem to support us some.
The fact that people using violence as a means to an end like us are receiving support is proof that there's something very wrong with society right now.
All the dissent has become even more apparent recently with things like all the OutCasts being rounded up after December 12th last year.
Riku: "Oh, it looks like they're going to re-air the press conference they did to commemorate the establishment of the Ministry of Magic. Want to watch?"
Haruto: "Yeah, let's see it, since we didn't get to the first time."
Of course, there have always been many problems with magic, but the Ministry of Magic was just recently established as a centralized effort to tackle them all—and the newly-appointed Minister had just held a press conference to mark its inauguration.
Everyone on screen was someone I was familiar with.
Inui: "Today, I assume the post of the first ever Minister of Magic."
Inui: "It's been a year since December 12th... and the great tragedy that occurred as a result of a lack of magic regulation."
Inui: "I would like to take this opportunity to express my condolences to the families of those sacrificed in the attacks."
The former headmaster of the Academy stood and spoke calmly before the press.
Inui: "We are working toward the revitalization of trust in magic and prioritizing quick results, so we've appointed accomplished individuals regardless of their age or gender."
Inui: "We are fully aware that the Ministry of Magic's mission is proper magic regulation, and we will strive to work in unison with the people to promote the growth of our society."
Inui: "That will be all from me..."
I picked up the remote and turned off the TV as the footage of the press conference ended.
Riku: "Oh."
Haruto: "I'd heard about it, but it's just weird to actually see it."
Riku: "I was going to watch TV..."
I ignored Riku-chan's grumbling and went on:
Haruto: "I get the headmaster becoming the Minister, since he had a certain position already, you know?"
Haruto: "But of all those people up there, I knew at least three of their faces."
Riku: "I only recognized one aside from the headmaster, myself. And honestly, I'd forgotten the headmaster's face until you mentioned it."
The former headmaster, now the Minister—and the three people behind him.
Haruto: "One was Akeno-san. For the official reason that Atori is now incorporated under the Ministry of Magic."
Riku: "Akeno-san had already seized much of Atori's power behind the scenes, using all sorts of methods."
Riku: "I don't imagine she'd put the company under government control if she didn't have some reason to."
Riku: "I wouldn't be surprised if she's trying to get her fingers into the Ministry or even the government next. That's the sort of person she is."
Haruto: "You haven't heard from her since then, have you?"
Riku: "This is the first I've seen of her since that day last year. She still looks just as crooked, huh?"
Haruto: "She knew that I was a clone. And about the truth of the Rings, too."
Riku: "There's no question that she's involved somehow."
Haruto: "Do you think we could talk to her somehow? She'd meet with you, wouldn't she, Riku-chan?"
Riku: "That's not happening. She wouldn't tell me anything significant last year. 'If you wanna know, figure it out on your own,' she said. It was just that with her."
Riku: "That's why I've cut ties with her and why I'm here with you, Haruto-san. If I strolled up to Atori, they'd just grab me and it'd be all over right there."
Riku: "Though if you don't need my help anymore, I guess things are different."
Haruto: "Let's not try and contact Akeno-san, then. I need you, Riku-chan."
Riku: "That might sound like a proposal if we weren't in a situation like this."
If she's joking, she could smile a little, couldn't she? She says everything with such a completely straight face that it's really difficult for me to tell...
Riku: "So what about the other two?"
Haruto: "One was a sister at the church. But—"
Riku: "She stabbed you from behind, was it? She pierced your heart with no hesitation, even though she belonged to the church."
Haruto: "Normally you wouldn't stab someone even if you didn't belong to the church."
Why did she stab me—I've always wondered, but now that I put it together with the sight of her at that press conference, it's pretty clear that she's involved with the conspiracy somehow.
Riku: "So the angel becomes a devil. That, or the devil was only pretending to be an angel in the first place."
Haruto: "It doesn't matter either way. What matters is the truth in front of us."
If we keep following the information we have, we might come face-to-face with her someday. All I can do is put what I've learned to good use—and what I've learned is not to turn my back to her.
Riku: "And the other one?"
Haruto: "There was a girl who looked really out of place, right? It's her."
Riku: "Well, I had an idea you'd say that. She's not really the type to show up at an official government press conference."
Riku: "So, who is she?"
Haruto: "I don't know anything about her either. I've just run into her a few times."
Haruto: "She called herself 'Ruu.' You came to the mall to collect a Ring once, right, Riku-chan? That's where I first met her."
Riku: "Goodness. It doesn't get much more suspicious than that, does it?"
What she looked like and how she acted weren't really normal, so they left quite an impression on me. I didn't think I'd see her again at a press conference for the establishment of the Ministry of Magic, though.
Riku: "When you look at it that way then, it seems almost everyone around you was involved in this scheme."
Haruto: "......"
I lost my family, my friends, and even the track I'd been on in life.
All that I was left with was myself. And there's not much I can do. All I can really try to do is find a new path I can be satisfied with.
Riku: "Oh, you're not suspecting me now, are you?"
Haruto: "Huh...?"
Riku: "Please trust me. I swear that I, at least, am really on your side, Haruto-san. I would definitely never betray you."
Haruto: "......"
Now that I've been betrayed by those I trusted above all else, the people I never even knew I could doubt—my family... is there really anything I can believe in from the bottom of my heart?
I wondered that as I met with Riku-chan's direct gaze.
Before I had my answer, Riku-chan spoke again:
Riku: "How was that?"
Haruto: "Was what?"
Riku: "You thought I was more suspicious than anyone just now, didn't you?"
Riku: "I have to say, if you took my words seriously, you might have to rethink things."
Haruto: "......"
Riku: "You were betrayed by the people you believed in. In this case, it's not entirely wrong to say that the fault lies with the betrayers."
Riku: "However, I'm not entirely satisfied in saying that the betrayed was completely without fault either."
Riku: "Perhaps the victim found the concept of 'believing' to be so pleasant that he gave up on thinking."
Riku: "When you're betrayed, if you think you weren't in the wrong, and that all the blame lies with the person who betrayed your trust, isn't that a little irresponsible?"
Haruto: "...I guess you might be right."
Riku: "I'm sorry, this isn't something I should be bringing up with you right now."
Haruto: "It's fine, don't worry about it. I've learned in these last few months that you're not trying to be mean, Riku-chan."
Haruto: "Lately I've even begun to think that your apologies really are sincere, even if you don't look repentant at all."
Riku: "I like to think I'm aware of how twisted I am."
Riku: "Please don't hesitate to let me know if I've gotten on your nerves, Haruto-san. 'You think you can talk to your elders like that, you fucking snot-nosed little bitch' or some such."
Haruto: "I'll hold off. I'm scared of what would happen after that."
Riku: "That's wise."
I can sense how considerate she is even in these casual exchanges.
I must look really precarious to her right now...
Haruto: "...I really do think it's important to have people you can trust from the bottom of your heart, though."
Haruto: "That's only natural, and it has value because of that."
Haruto: "It might be impossible for me now, though."
It would be hard for me to feel that way, at least.
The room had fallen silent—and I stared up at the ceiling meaninglessly, instead of closing my eyes.
Darn, I don't think I'm getting to sleep like this. I came to that conclusion about an hour after I'd turned out the lights and wrapped myself up in my blanket.
A curtain divided the room in half—Riku-chan slept on the other side of it, and I left quietly so that I didn't wake her.
In the middle of the night like this, it's silent even out here where during the day there would be cars passing back and forth noisily.
I could faintly hear the river running underneath the road. I felt a kinship with that sound, which continued as purposelessly as my wanderings.
I didn't want to go anywhere in particular. Still, I ended up walking my usual path for whatever reason.
I knew where my feet would take me, but I had no reason to stop them. It wasn't as if I had somewhere else I wanted to go, and nothing would change no matter where I went anyway.
How many times have I been here now? At the wind power station that supplies Agartha with energy.
A vast plain far-separated from the center of the city. There's nothing to obstruct it, so here I can feel the salty breeze from the ocean blow across my whole body.
Countless windmills towered here—I stood at the base of one of them.
Haruto: "......"
I looked up and found the windmill above me spinning slowly but steadily.
Haruto: "Why do you keep spinning?"
As long as the wind keeps blowing, all it has to do is spin without a care in the world. That's all it takes to fulfill its purpose.
That used to be how it was for me, too. I never once complained about the environment I'd been given. I was happy just continuing to spin. Yet—
The tower didn't budge from a fist filled with my meager envy.
All I was left with was a sense of inferiority, like the windmill was looking down on me from above, and a dull ache in the bones of my right hand.
Haruto: "That hurts."
Sometimes the discomfort from physical pain can overwhelm my emotional aching. I felt bad for the windmill since I was just taking my frustrations out on it, but as it didn't seem to mind it in the slightest, I doubted that I needed to apologize.
Haruto: "...You think you can just show up {now}?"
I'd thrown away all of that fake past of mine. My life, my relationships, there was no truth to any of them.
Haruto: "I'll get them back for this. If I don't, we're not playing fair."
The windmills spun. They spun on and on regardless of anyone's urging, because it was their sole reason for existence.
But if the wind stopped—I'm sure they'd stop moving just like I have. And I have to wonder what the windmills would think then.
====================E103.TXT====================
The next day—after I woke up, I went to the kitchen and made breakfast. Though it was a little late to be calling it that, since I'd woken up past noon.
When I picked up some eggs to fry, I heard the sound of the curtain opening behind me.
Riku: "...Good... morning."
Haruto: "Morning. It'll be ready soon."
Riku: "...Uh huh."
Riku-chan dragged herself into the bathroom.
Riku: "Ouch—"
Haruto: "You okay?"
Riku: "Yes... Yes, I'm okay..."
She wasn't persuasive in the least as she staggered around. She'd previously told me that she had low blood pressure and wasn't great with mornings.
Not that it was even before noon, but since we ended up going out at night a lot, waking up past noon had become part of our daily routine.
I heard the splashing of water, which was then cut off with the twisting of a faucet. It took just a few seconds.
Riku-chan entered the kitchen with a towel in one hand.
Maybe I just had the wrong idea about things, but I'd thought that girls would spend a little more time on their appearance in the morning. That preconception of mine was dispelled when I started living with Riku-chan.
Riku: "You're very good at that."
Riku-chan's cheeks were wet like they'd been blessed with a rain to end a drought—not that they were dry and withered before or anything.
Riku: "What is it?"
Haruto: "N-No, it's nothing."
Riku: "? You didn't want to cook at all in the beginning, though, and now you're volunteering all by yourself like this."
Haruto: "Well, we'd be eating nothing but convenience store lunches if I didn't..."
Riku: "So you've finally realized that I won't be any help at all in the kitchen. That's good."
Haruto: "I think you could be a little more apologetic about it..."
Riku: "Did it not come off that way? I realize I should probably be doing this rather than you, Haruto-san."
Haruto: "Well, I have to if you can't do it."
Frankly, I don't really want to cook either, but not because it's too much work. Basically, I guess it brings back bad memories.
Cooking is one of the skills I learned back in that birdcage, and I'd rather throw all that away. That's how I really feel.
So it's a little annoying that it's not really working out that way.
Haruto: "...Could it be that you actually {can} cook, Riku-chan?"
Riku: "Why would you think that?"
Haruto: "Just a feeling."
Riku-chan's sharp, so she's probably picked up on the fact that thinking about anything from before a year ago makes me uncomfortable.
So I can't help but think that maybe she's making me face those feelings like this. It's not to be mean or anything though, I'm sure.
Riku: "Even I can crush an egg and let it drop onto a frying pan."
Haruto: "No, that's okay, I have a pretty good idea about how it'd go from the way you said that."
Riku: "That's good."
Looks like I really do have to do this.
Haruto: "......"
This isn't cooking. It's just the simple task of dropping an egg and applying heat to it.
Riku: "Umm, Haruto-san."
Haruto: "Yeah?"
Riku: "Perhaps this isn't something I should weigh in on, but..."
Riku: "Isn't this burning?"
Haruto: "Ack!"
I panicked and tried to flip it, but it was already too late. The egg was stubbornly stuck to the frying pan and I had to pry it off with a spatula.
The other side was burnt black.
Haruto: "...I'll dispose of this one. Since we only have one egg left."
Riku: "I appreciate it."
The time it takes an egg to burn is a little too short to do any thinking in.
I pulled myself together and set about frying up the second egg.
This time I don't have the excuse that I'll be the one eating it. I have to be careful not to get distracted.
Riku: "Come to think of it, where did you go last night and what were you doing?"
Haruto: "Where did I go? I was with you, wasn't I?"
Riku: "Not that. I mean after we came back here, turned out the lights, and got in bed."
Haruto: "Oh, so you were awake. Or did I wake you up? I'm sorry..."
I'm not sure what to say to the question. It didn't really have any meaning, and was just something like talking to myself. But I suppose there's a fitting expression...
Haruto: "I went on a walk. I couldn't sleep, so I just went out and walked around a bit."
Riku: "Was this bout of insomnia caused by us running into your father?"
Haruto: "Well, could be, or it could not be. There are plenty of reasons why people can't get to sleep sometimes."
Riku: "When you can't sleep, it's because something is wrong."
Riku: "When you get into bed and close your eyes, you normally go to sleep, regardless of your own will. That's how people are made."
Haruto: "But weren't you awake too?"
Riku: "I was sleeping. I only woke up because I heard someone leaving the room in the middle of the night."
Riku: "And then you didn't come back right away like I thought you would, which is why I'm so miserably tired right now."
Haruto: "Huh? Were you up waiting the whole time until I came back?"
Riku: "Well, who knows. More importantly—"
Haruto: "More importantly?"
Riku: "...Is it just my imagination, or do I smell something burning?"
Haruto: "......"
I gazed down at the egg on the frying pan with a feeling close to resignation in my heart.
It should be removed from the frying pan as soon as possible, but there are times when you're just too late to do things.
After those moments pass, nothing you do can erase your mistakes. Basically even if I flip it over now, it won't salvage this egg.
Haruto: "Maybe they're still... almost okay..."
Haruto: "I'll at least let you choose, Riku-chan. Go ahead and pick which one you want."
Riku: "Abuse dressed up as kindness, eh?"
Haruto: "I'm sorry."
I put the burnt eggs and some rolls we'd bought earlier onto plates and brought them to the table.
Riku: "What are our plans for today?"
Haruto: "Well, we can't do much until we have our next lead. Oh, but I have one idea, so I think I'll check it out. What about you, Riku-chan?"
Riku: "I think I'll do a little research on the Ministry of Magic online, so I'll have to stay inside all day. It's cold out, after all."
Haruto: "Is it just me, or did you stress that last point an awful lot?"
As I nibbled on my bread, I watched Riku-chan give up on trying to cut through the hard egg and just stab her fork into the center and chew on the edge.
Riku: "......"
She suddenly made an indescribable expression, and I wondered if it was supposed to mean something to me, but when I brought my egg to my mouth in the same way, I imagine I made the same face she did.
A quiet residential area a little ways away from the entertainment district.
I found a well-built priest outside the church that stood inside the area. He was gathering up the fallen leaves on the ground with a broom and a dustpan.
Haruto: "Hello."
Father Gaimon: "...Yes, hello."
His serene smile had a dignity to it like a wise old tree. I felt like I'd be at peace just talking to the man.
Haruto: "I'm sorry for interrupting your work."
Father Gaimon: "There's no reason for a young person to be so humble. If you have the time, why not come and warm yourself inside the church?"
Haruto: "Pardon me, then."
At Mr. Gaimon's invitation, I entered the church grounds.
Two people entered the empty church hall. The peculiar air in here didn't change at all with our presence.
Father Gaimon: "It's hot, so please be careful."
Haruto: "Thank you."
I accepted the steaming cup. I felt vitality returning to my frozen fingers one by one.
Father Gaimon: "What brings you here today?"
Haruto: "Do I need a reason to come to the church?"
Father Gaimon: "The church accepts all. It is not that you need a reason, but that when you have one, you feel like coming."
Father Gaimon: "Of course, lately I've had more and more opportunities to chat with the songbirds lately..."
Haruto: "Songbirds?"
Father Gaimon: "Disregarding our most passionate visitors, I don't hear as many voices seeking out the Lord's blessing anymore."
Father Gaimon: "As time goes by, I wonder if faith will fade as well. I hear the internet is a more trustworthy source of advice these days than a priest."
Haruto: "Sometimes it's easier to talk to someone when you can't see their face, after all."
Father Gaimon: "Maybe I should put a computer in the church hall and sing some hymns for BGM."
Haruto: "I think you probably shouldn't, for a couple different reasons."
Mr. Gaimon laughed and said he was joking, then set his cup down on the table.
Father Gaimon: "If you're alright with an old priest who can't compare to the internet... I'll listen to whatever you have to say."
Haruto: "You've completely seen through me, huh... I'm sorry for worrying you. Something a little unpleasant happened... but I'm alright."
Father Gaimon: "Is that so?"
He probably noticed the odd pause in my words, but he didn't prompt me to elaborate. Maybe it's not something particularly noteworthy, but I was grateful for his consideration.
Haruto: "You saw the Ministry of Magic's press conference, right?"
Father Gaimon: "...Did you want to ask about Sister Fiona?"
Haruto: "Yeah. I was wondering if you knew anything about that."
I first came to this church a year ago—I'd visited to ask about her actions at the hospital a little while after the incident.
Why had she stabbed me? I thought that maybe I shouldn't be talking to someone who'd intended to murder me, but I just couldn't leave it alone.
I'd lost consciousness because of her, and considering where I'd woken up, it was hard for me to think the two incidents were unrelated. She could have been involved with the plan in some way.
I'd kept my guard up enough when I visited the church, but—
Father Gaimon: "I was quite surprised. I never imagined I'd see her face in a place like that after she left the church."
Haruto: "And she hasn't contacted you since then?"
Father Gaimon: "I haven't heard a thing from her since she left. She must have her reasons."
Haruto: "Reasons?"
Father Gaimon: "Either there's some reason she can't show her face to me, or... maybe there's just no reason for her to come anymore."
Haruto: "......"
Father Gaimon: "You don't need to be in a church to praise the Lord. It just means Sister Fiona is someone who can flourish anywhere."
Haruto: "It doesn't bother you?"
Father Gaimon: "The sister is an adult."
Haruto: "...So in other words, you're the only one who can make yourself happy."
It was a lot better than hearing that everything in the world happens in the palm of God's hand.
If what had happened to me was all in God's plan, then the one I want revenge against is somewhere I can't reach and I won't be able to slug Him.
I won't tell Him to save me. All I want from God, if He doesn't feel like granting me salvation, is to stay out of things. That's it.
The time I have left is a little like a punishment game, and God can just watch me play—I'm gonna break the nose of the mastermind at the top of this evil organization.
The sun was lower in the western sky than I thought it'd be by the time I left the church.
The streets of the town were bustling, and I passed by some students whose school day had ended. People not feeling a shred of anxiety or unease about the future, just enjoying each day with their friends.
When I thought about how a little while ago, I would have been among them, I felt an indescribable emotion welling up in me.
You first realize the worth of something when you lose it—that's the sort of thing you hear a lot, but there's no real meaning in that worth you realize. All that really happens is an annoying feeling of regret.
Haruto: "Phew..."
I can't go back to those days when I didn't know anything. What I can do now is right the wrongs of the people who put me in this place. That's all.
Haruto: "......"
My gaze had naturally directed itself toward the ground. That gaze had been at the same height as everyone around me at first, but I must have felt guilty for some reason... and that's why I noticed the disorder a little ways ahead of me on the ground.
I wasn't curious about it or anything, but I had no reason to avert my eyes, so I identified the mess as I walked past it.
There were notebooks and such scattered on the ground in front of an unzipped bag. Probably belonging to a student. I was about to walk past without paying them any particular attention.
But there was a book among the mess—and when I recognized the cat perched on its cover, my feet stopped all on their own.
I couldn't understand the situation right away. I'd stopped breathing unconsciously—and in order to make sure I wasn't making some mistake, I reached out to the diary to pick it up.
I was sure. This diary was—
???: "Stop struggling! I'm trying to save you!"
The voice that unearthed memories I'd buried came from beyond the guardrail. I hurriedly bent over it and peered down to the river flowing below me.
Haruto: "—?!"
I didn't wait for my panicked thoughts to guide me and just let my body move as it wanted. It picked up the bag and diary and ran down toward the river's shore.
At the same moment I reached the shore, the person in the river dragged her waterlogged self up out of the stream.
The cat in her arms leapt from them as soon as they reached land again and disappeared into some bushes.
After watching it go, Asahi and I both turned—and our eyes met for the first time in a year.
Asahi: "Ah...?"
Haruto: "......"
No different than they'd been when we met, those clear, straightforward eyes pierced my own.
When my right foot was about to step forward by itself, my brain finally came back online and took back control of my body.
Asahi: "Haruto...?"
Haruto: "—?!"
I faltered when she said my name.
I can't be here—my heart screamed at me and I spun on my heel to get away.
Asahi: "Wait!!"
Asahi's words had the power to control me. If they didn't, I would already have fled.
Asahi: "I've been looking for you this whole time, ever since that day."
Looking...? For me...? Why...?
The questions became an invisible force that pushed me into turning back around to face her.
But I felt like if I yielded to that force, everything I'd built up until now would crumble, and I resisted it as best as I could.
Asahi: "Why did you disappear without telling me anything? Where are you now?"
Haruto: "......"
Asahi: "Answer me. Please, Haruto—"
Haruto: "...I can't tell you right now."
Asahi: "Huh...?"
Haruto: "There's someone who's lost, and I'm the only one who can help them."
Haruto: "So when I've done that, I'll come back. Could you wait for me until then?"
Asahi: "......"
Asahi: "...I understand. I'll wait right here."
Haruto: "...I'm sorry."
I set down the bag and diary I was holding and headed for the steps up the bed of the river.
I couldn't turn back. Because I didn't have the confidence to look at Asahi's face.
I'd come all this way from the shore as if fleeing from something.
Now if I just went back to our apartment and acted as if nothing had happened, everything would be fine. That would be best for my peace of mind.
If I don't come back no matter how long she waits, I'm sure even Asahi will give up.
She was wet from head to toe after jumping into that river. She won't withstand the cold of this season if she doesn't dry herself soon. I'm sure she'll give up quickly and head home.
Asahi: "I believed! I knew you'd come back!"
The scene from that day flashed through my mind like radio interference.
Though I tried to put a spin that was convenient for me on everything, the Asahi in my memory alone wouldn't cooperate.
Passerby: "Hey, watch where you're—"
My eyes met those of the man whose shoulder I'd just bumped into. The rage went out of him just like that.
Passerby: "Ah, it's nothing."
The man scurried away as if he wanted nothing to do with me.
Haruto: "...Damn it."
It was all fake. That's why I'd thrown it all away.
So—why would she show up in front of me {now}?
Haruto: "Ahh, dammit!!"
I tore at my hair. All the annoyance I couldn't hold down spilled out and I took off running.
The violence with which I'd thrown open the door prompted Riku-chan to give me a bewildered look from in front of the fridge, which she'd been rummaging through.
Riku: "Welcome back. Perfect timing, there's nothing to eat in this place—"
I passed by Riku-chan, holding mayonnaise she must have taken out of the fridge, and headed straight for the bathroom.
Haruto: "I'm sorry, I'll be back soon—"
With a towel in hand, I flew back outside again.
Riku: "Huh? Err—"
Riku: "......"
Riku: "...Food..."
Haruto: "Haah— Haah— Haah—"
I ran into the wind. Paying no mind to the odd looks I was getting—
What on earth am I getting so worked up for?
Didn't I decide? That I would throw away that false world that rejected me and live with the truth, as dark as the bottom of the pits of hell—
My past haunts me. It abandoned me, yet as soon as I let go of it, it whispers sweetly like this to me.
How much must it toy with me to be satisfied? And what did I do to deserve all this?
Will it keep at this until I'm left sobbing on the ground? What does it want from me—
Haruto: "Haahh, haahh..."
Asahi: "Ah, Haru—"
Haruto: "Why...?!!"
Asahi: "Huh...?"
Haruto: "Why are you waiting here?! Wasn't it obvious I was lying to you?!"
Asahi: "Haruto...?"
Once my emotions had reached their breaking point, they wouldn't calm again until they'd run their course, regardless of what they trampled in the process. That was what happened when emotions overpowered reason.
Haruto: "Waiting here all wet until I come back is just weird! It's not normal!"
Haruto: "Why... Stop this! I was trying to forget!"
Asahi: "......"
Asahi's face was pale, perhaps because of the cold. But her eyes hadn't lost that strength.
Haruto: "...It was all a sham. And I thought I could be a hero? Haha, it's not even pathetic anymore! It just makes me laugh."
Haruto: "I wasn't the one with the zipper on my back, it was everyone around me. They were all wearing costumes that hid their true faces inside."
Haruto: "They were all laughing inside those costumes. Smirking at me while I was being used."
Asahi remained silent. Before she could cut me off, I put the brakes on my out-of-control impulses.
The words pouring out with my violent emotions weren't meant to obtain understanding from her. I just wanted to say them. Wanted to shout. I knew I was only troubling her.
That's why I couldn't hide my confusion when she listened to me so intently.
Asahi: "...Check."
Haruto: "Huh...?"
After she'd heard everything I had to say, Asahi slowly peeled her top off and threw it to the ground.
Haruto: "What are—"
Asahi: "Look at me. Don't look away."
She scolded me for reflexively averting my eyes, and I pulled my gaze back to her.
Asahi: "If you think there's a zipper on me too, then check and make sure."
Her pale skin was exposed to the air, its pure whiteness seeming to attest to her innocence.
Rikudou Asahi will never yield—no matter how anyone else looks at her, she'll follow the path she believes in. That's at her very core.
As soon as I reaffirmed that fact, I found that I was also accepting the attachment I felt to her.
And the moment I realized that, I'd lost.
Haruto: "...I got it. That's enough. It's cold, isn't it?"
I wrapped the towel I'd been grasping around Asahi's shoulders.
Haruto: "You probably shouldn't put your clothes back on. I think this'll be warmer than those, since they're wet."
Asahi: "Haruto...?"
When I saw her looking up at me worriedly, all the guilt I'd felt a year ago came back to me.
Haruto: "...I was scared. Of not throwing it all away... of holding onto even a little attachment to any of it."
Haruto: "If I hadn't thrown it all away, I wouldn't have been able to bear the pain of losing the things that were important to me."
Asahi: "Tell me everything that happened. I'm sure I can help you."
Asahi: "After all, we're partners on our way to the Land of Dreams."
Haruto: "The Land of Dreams, huh? That brings me back..."
The nostalgia didn't bring me pain like it had before, but quietly melted into my heart.
I felt warm even with the winter winds blowing around me.
Haruto: "I'll tell you everything."
When someone shows you sincerity, you have to show them the same consideration.
Where should I even start—
Asahi: "Achoo!"
Haruto: "We have to get you dry first. Let's go."
If we stay out here in the chilly air while she's all wet, she'll catch a cold.
Asahi works so hard for other people's sake. To put her through any more pain would be wrong.
—It wouldn't be playing fair.
I opened the door and headed inside. What leapt into my eyes first was the sight of Riku-chan sprawled languidly on the couch.
Haruto: "Huh? What's going on...?"
On the table in front of the couch was the mayonnaise.
Riku: "I tried sucking on it a little, but that went about as well as you might expect."
Riku: "Please take responsibility. It's your fault I've lost my plain mayonnaise virginity—"
Riku-chan remained sprawled on the couch, only turning her head toward me, at which point she froze.
Asahi: "Haruto, can I come in?"
Haruto: "Oh, yeah. The bath is back there. Go get in right away, alright?"
Asahi: "Alright."
The two of us watched her head into the bathroom.
I hadn't seen Riku-chan look so surprised in a while.
Riku: "Is this consensual, or..."
Haruto: "Th-That's not what's going on. There are reasons for this."
Riku: "This is no time to lie on the couch. And it's certainly no time to be eating mayonnaise."
Haruto: "I'll explain everything when Asahi's done with her bath. I have to dry her clothes first."
I headed for the bathroom as if trying to escape from Riku-chan's interrogative gaze.
Riku: "Swimming in a river? In this season?"
Haruto: "She wasn't swimming. I think she jumped in to save a cat that was drowning."
Riku: "Even with just cause, there are things you simply don't do."
Riku: "Do you know what month it is? It's December. If she were unlucky, she might have died."
Haruto: "She probably just did it without thinking. I can kind of understand why she would."
We heard the bathroom door opening.
Haruto: "I dried your clothes for you. They're in there."
Asahi: "Thanks."
I called out to Asahi from the couch without turning back to her.
Riku: "It was quite a shock when you brought home a half-naked woman."
Riku: "I thought for sure the desires you'd been suppressing had spurred you to some unspeakable act."
Haruto: "I-I would never do something like that!"
Riku: "True, you've never made a move on me despite the fact that we live together. I doubt you have the nerve."
Haruto: "...Like you wouldn't half-kill me if I did."
Riku: "Oh? That's not necessarily true. You'll never know if you don't try."
Haruto: "Please let me off the hook."
The only time Riku-chan actually seems like she's having fun with something is when she's teasing me. Of course, it's almost impossible to pick up on such a small change in her mood anyway...
Riku: "You're the closet pervert type though, Haruto-san, so maybe you did actually have untoward intentions."
Haruto: "I'm telling you I don't have any untoward intentions!"
Asahi: "Haruto's a pervert?"
When she'd changed back into her clothes after her bath, Asahi came over to the two of us. At the worst possible moment.
Riku: "That's right. I'm sure he was quite excited seeing you so immodestly dressed."
Asahi: "####!!!"
Haruto: "Riku-chan, Asahi will take you seriously, so please don't do that!"
Asahi hung her head, her shoulders shaking slightly, and I'm sure the redness of her face wasn't just because of the bath she'd just had.
Riku: "I'm just joking. Please don't worry. Haruto-san's degree of closet pervertedness is largely the same as any other male."
Haruto: "I'm not sure that's really helping..."
Asahi's even more innocent than I am, so I was expecting her to fall prey to Riku-chan like this.
Haruto: "I-I'll make some tea."
Realizing that I'd only open these wounds wider if this conversation went on, I retreated into the kitchen.
While I was filling the kettle to boil some water, Riku-chan came over and whispered in my ear.
Riku: "Since you've brought her here, you're not going to let her leave in one piece, are you?"
Haruto: "That's an awfully violent thing to say... I'm going to tell Asahi everything, I think."
Riku: "Can we trust her?"
Haruto: "What's a single person betraying us at this point? And anyway..."
Riku: "Anyway?"
Haruto: "Asahi would never betray us. That I can guarantee."
Haruto: "The sky is blue. The ocean is vast. Asahi won't betray us. Those three statements don't sound at all out of place when you say them together."
Riku: "Can't say I expected trust on such a global scale."
Asahi: "You..."
Asahi's voice reached us from the couch.
Riku: "Me? Yes?"
Asahi: "Let me make sure."
Riku: "Of what?"
Asahi: "That you don't have a zipper."
Riku: "Zipper...?"
Asahi: "There are zippers on the backs of the people who were deceiving Haruto."
Asahi: "So take off your clothes and show me your back. Otherwise I won't be able to trust you."
Riku-chan gave me a telling look, like she was prompting me for an explanation of the bizarre phenomenon that had just occurred before her eyes.
It'll probably be faster to convince Asahi than to explain to Riku-chan.
Haruto: "It's okay. Riku-chan doesn't have one."
Riku: "When did you check? I feel violated."
Haruto: "What..."
Asahi: "If you say so, Haruto, I'll believe you."
Asahi: "What's your name?"
Riku: "I was under the impression that it was courteous to give your own name before you asked the same of others."
Asahi: "I guess you're right about that. I'm Rikudou Asahi."
Riku: "Is that so."
Asahi: "......"
Riku: "......"
Asahi: "Why aren't you saying anything?"
Riku: "Well, you may have named yourself, but I'm free to do as I like in return, aren't I?"
Haruto: "Don't be so mean to her, Riku-chan. Asahi's not like me."
Riku: "My, you're awfully kind to her. And you left me all alone with an empty stomach."
Haruto: "So you were holding a grudge over that... I'll make something as soon as we're done talking."
Asahi: "Haruto, is she really your partner?"
Haruto: "That's right. She's Atori Riku. A partner I work with. She's always saving my skin."
Riku: "I really am. I've taken care of Haruto-san so much I'm confident I could easily qualify as a caregiver."
Asahi: "I see, then you're one of my partners as well. It's nice to meet you, Atori Riku."
Riku: "Could you not call me by my full name? I don't like it when people call me by my surname."
Asahi: "Alright, Atorin."
Riku: "Uh, what did you just...?"
Asahi: "Atorin. Your name. Rather than continuing to not like something, you'll be happier if you work toward liking it instead."
Riku: "Uh, it's not that I don't like the name itself, I just don't want people to find out that I'm tied to Atori."
Asahi: "And it's cute too. Isn't that great?"
Haruto: "Yeah, it is cute. Maybe I should start calling you that too—"
Riku: "......"
Haruto: "Okay."
My proposal was quickly rejected by her forceful silence.
Riku: "Quit fooling around and get to the point already."
Riku: "Though if you tell me 'why don't you just suck on some mayonnaise,' I'll do it."
Haruto: "I'll make something as soon as we're done talking."
It looks like Riku-chan's in a worse state than I thought.
Riku: "It'll be better for her to get this over with sooner rather than later as well."
I followed her eyes to Asahi's right wrist.
Haruto: "You're right. Asahi, I'd like you to take off the Ring you're wearing."
Asahi: "My Ring? Why? Isn't this something we always need to wear?"
There was confusion on Asahi's face. It's no wonder. We're forced to live in an environment where we can't even doubt the rules we're given.
There's no way common sense could be wrong. Common sense is precisely that because everyone believes in it.
But there's no guarantee that common sense is correct. We just believe in it without any evidence.
Haruto: "What we're up against is that very thinking itself."
It's safe inside the enclosure. But unless you jump out of it, you'll never learn anything about your surroundings.
Haruto: "These Rings have a flaw that can cause serious damage to their wearers."
I explained to Asahi all the information we'd learned from the beginning. Doing so would organize the information once more inside me.
Haruto: "The Rings have a function that aids magic use. It works by making it easier for the body to absorb the Elements in the air."
Haruto: "The flaw is that this function can go out of control and force the body to take in an abnormal amount of Elements."
Asahi: "What happens then?"
Haruto: "In that situation, one of two things occurs. One is that you lose control of your magic and it goes wild against your will."
Haruto: "I've seen this happen. There was a student who went wild during an exam. And—"
I almost got stuck there, but I tried to play it off and continued.
Haruto: "I'm just guessing, but I think it happened to Akatsuki too. There was something strange about him at the mall no matter how I think about it."
It didn't feel right to blame it all on the Ring, but I couldn't explain his actions if I didn't assume that.
Haruto: "But the people that happens to aren't beyond help. If their frenzies can be contained, there's no further danger to their lives."
Haruto: "What's really tragic is the fate of the people whose bodies can't withstand this. Their bodies are destroyed before they can expel the Elements they've taken in."
Asahi: "Their bodies are destroyed?"
Haruto: "...It's better just to think of it as them dying."
As for what actually happens to them—in the data we'd stolen from a government facility we once snuck into, we found pictures of their remains.
Their whole bodies turned to liquid and there were no traces left that they'd once been human. It actually felt less real, since they ended up in forms so far removed from human beings.
But thoughts like those were blown away when we saw pictures of bodies in the middle of the liquefaction process. The shock was like taking a hammer to the head.
Asahi: "But I've never heard anything like that. Wouldn't that be on the news?"
Haruto: "The government's hiding it. They're hiding the liquefactions and the out-of-control mages. It's only a small percentage of the whole that these cases happen to, after all."
Haruto: "Riku-chan bore the duty of defeating out-of-control mages. You've heard of the Collector, right?"
Riku: "Hello. That'd be me. Though people just started calling me that on their own."
Haruto: "Riku-chan's job was to defeat the mages and collect the Rings they wore."
Haruto: "The Rings stored the data from when these abnormalities occurred. But their transmission functions break at the same time."
Haruto: "So the Rings had to be collected manually. The government entrusted that role to Atori."
Riku: "Though I imagine that little project was less managed by Atori and more by Akeno-san."
Riku: "I'd guess that was her official role, but she probably already controlled most of Atori at that point."
Haruto: "She was at that press conference with the Ministry of Magic. Their relationship is probably still the same now."
We don't know how much of what's going on behind the scenes she's aware of. But I'm guessing what she told us that day a year ago wasn't all she knew.
Asahi: "But you're part of Atori, aren't you, Atorin? Can't you just ask her, then?"
Riku: "I've cut all my ties with Atori at this point."
Riku: "And even if I could get in contact with her, she's not the sort of person that would just come clean about everything."
Although, now that we've exhausted all our leads, I think we're going to have to consider attempting to contact her.
Haruto: "Let's go back to the Rings. Inside the Rings she was collecting, there was data needed for a certain research project."
Asahi: "Research?"
Haruto: "...Research about artificially creating Elements."
I hesitated for a moment about whether or not to continue from that point.
But I quickly regained my resolve. I've had a whole year to come to terms with this. And I can prove that I have by calmly explaining it right now.
I can show myself that I can handle this easily.
Haruto: "The government learned that we're going to run out of Elements in the near future. So they decided to artificially create more."
Haruto: "And their research was centered around a person who can produce Elements."
Asahi: "Elements can come from people? We learned in class that they exist in the atmosphere..."
Haruto: "We don't know all the details either. We just know that there is a person like that, apparently."
Haruto: "All we know for sure is... that I'm a clone made from his DNA."
Asahi: "A clone?!"
Asahi opened her eyes wide.
It's no wonder. I'd thought of human clones as beings that only existed in fiction too.
Haruto: "Clones don't have family. So the people you met weren't my family, they were just acting in those roles."
Haruto: "...It's kind of funny that I'd end up like this when I pitied you, Asahi."
Asahi: "Haruto...?"
Asahi looked up at me worriedly.
Even if they could predict that I would be hit by a car, it wouldn't change the damage the impact would do to my body... and of course, that would be a problem.
Haruto: "I can come back to life if I die. Or to be more precise, if this body's heart stops, my consciousness can be moved from it to a new one."
Haruto: "They've been doing that and observing me all this time as part of their research, hoping I'll awaken to the same power as my original."
When Fiona-san stabbed me in the hospital—
And that first night I saw Riku-chan (though I only confirmed this later when I heard about it from her), I was fatally wounded in a car accident.
But the day after that, I went to school like nothing had happened, because they had transferred my consciousness into an unharmed body.
Haruto: "But I won't let things go as they've planned any longer. If this body... if I die as I am now, I won't come back to life again."
Haruto: "If I die, I've asked Riku-chan to dispose of my body by burning it or something, so that I can't be used by them again."
Haruto: "It seems like they can't transfer my consciousness if they don't have the original body, after all."
I needed a guarantee like this in order to maintain a normal sense of self. I didn't think I could keep myself sane if I knew other people had control over my life and death.
Riku: "Haruto-san's requested that I dirty my hands for him, in other words."
Riku: "If you make it so that someone can't come back to life, I'm not sure it's really any different from killing them."
Haruto: "...I'm sorry."
Riku: "Oh, I don't mind. It's your own decision, Haruto-san, and I'll abide by it."
Riku: "You're the only one who can make that decision, after all."
That day that Riku-chan promised me she'd agree to my selfish request, I decided I'd start believing in other people again. That's how much it meant to me.
Haruto: "That's about all we know. And we're putting ourselves in danger to gather more information now."
Haruto: "If after hearing all this, you think what we're doing is wrong, then I won't blame you no matter what you do."
Asahi: "If you decided that you need to do this, Haruto, then you should do it."
Asahi: "It must be the trial that's been given to you."
Haruto: "My trial, huh... Seems a little harsh to me, really."
Asahi: "I'm sure when you overcome it, you'll make it to the Land of Dreams. And I think I can help. Let's work together."
Riku: "Help? What can you do?"
Riku: "And what exactly is this Land of Dreams? Though I sort of get the feeling I shouldn't ask."
Asahi: "It's a beautiful land where there are no impurities or grief. Everyone can be happy there."
Asahi: "Only special people who have overcome trials can make it there."
Riku: "Haahh, I'm sorry, please just pretend I didn't ask."
Asahi: "???"
Haruto: "W-Well, let's get back to the helping?"
Asahi looked as if she still wanted to say something, but she opened her mouth as if she'd remembered what our real priorities right now should be.
Asahi: "That day when you were stabbed at the hospital. I saw them take you away."
Haruto: "Huh? You were there?"
Asahi and I got separated on our way to the hospital that day, but I guess she made it there after I did.
Asahi: "The person who was your father and someone wearing a church uniform carried you into a car while you were bleeding."
Haruto: "...It's faint, but I remember that."
It was because I had that memory that I could identify Mutsumi Yuuji as one of them. He'd obviously be involved, of course, given how close he was to me at the time.
Asahi: "I followed that car. I lost sight of it partway through, though."
Of course. Human legs can't compare to a vehicle's speed.
Asahi: "But I didn't give up, and I finally found the car again. And I went inside the building where it was parked."
Haruto: "Huh?! You were at Symbol Tower then?"
They'd brought me to Symbol Tower, in the center of the island. To the facility underneath it.
Asahi: "I found some people wearing strange clothes when I was inside looking for you."
Haruto: "Strange clothes?"
Asahi: "It felt like something I shouldn't tell anyone about. But I need to tell you, I think."
Asahi spoke slowly as if choosing her words carefully.
Asahi: "A little after I entered the building, I could hear a song. A song I'd never heard before."
Asahi: "There was some kind of machine in the middle of the people singing. And when the machine started up, light appeared somewhere where there was nothing before."
Asahi: "Then a girl was born in the middle of that light. She was beautiful, with silver hair."
Haruto: "A girl...?"
Akeno: "To catch an angel."
The things that happened that day didn't just affect us, of course. They affected many regular citizens, too.
Many people reported seeing a mysterious girl around Symbol Tower.
There are stories of a ring of light appearing around the tower while the ground quaked, too.
Asahi: "The strangely dressed people took away that girl in the end..."
Asahi: "I wondered if maybe I should go after them, but I had to find you, and they looked very cautious, so..."
Haruto: "I see. That must be what Akeno-san was talking about."
All the details are still a mystery, like always, but it's reassuring knowing we've got a few more hints as to the truth.
Asahi: "After that, I spent a long time searching for you. I thought maybe you'd died."
Haruto: "You wouldn't normally come out of it alright after being stabbed like that, yeah..."
Asahi: "But a little while ago, I found out that you were still alive. I was walking all around town today hoping I might run into you."
Haruto: "Huh? How did you find out?"
Asahi: "With this."
Asahi rummaged through her bag. And—
Asahi: "I have a new trial. It says danger is approaching you, Haruto, and I knew that if you were in danger, you were alive."
A familiar cat looked at me with a carefree smile on its face.
Asahi: "I'll help you, Haruto. It's my trial, after all."
Asahi: "Huh, so this is where you live now..."
Asahi looked around the room curiously.
Asahi: "Hey, how come there's a curtain up inside like this?"
Haruto: "It's Riku-chan's space inside there. She gets mad if I go in without asking."
Asahi: "Can I look in there, Atorin?"
Riku: "Feel free."
Asahi disappeared behind the curtain, grinning happily.
When I asked her what she was in such a good mood for, she answered that she was happy she'd reunited with me.
I couldn't bear to put a damper on her good spirits if that was all it took to raise them. It was only right that I let her look around the apartment when she asked.
Riku: "Just earlier..."
Haruto: "Hm?"
Riku-chan muttered to me, looking over at Asahi, now out of sight.
Riku: "That diary... with the prophecies of the future or whatever in it."
Haruto: "Oh, that."
Riku: "You're not going to tell me you believe in that stuff, are you?"
Haruto: "...So you're a non-believer then, Riku-chan?"
Riku: "Please don't respond to me like we're talking about horoscopes or something."
Riku: "I've never heard of anything like prophecy magic. Magic is something that produces tangible phenomena."
Riku: "What she's talking about is the sort of magic in fantasy."
Riku: "She's free to fantasize, but I don't want the field of flowers her mind's filled with spilling over into our own."
It's no wonder Riku-chan's being so critical of her. Anyone would have a hard time accepting something like prophecies of the future.
The advent of magic changed how people think about things to some degree, but not enough to easily accept Asahi's assertions.
Riku: "Are you really taking her seriously, Haruto-san?"
Haruto: "Well, it's {hard} to believe... but I don't think she's lying, either."
It's true that I was at least a little bewildered the first time Asahi told me about her diary.
But I can't imagine Asahi's lying to me or trying to trick me. That was all I could think when I heard what she had to say.
But it's different now. The prediction in Asahi's diary came true. My life really was in danger back then.
I may still be alive now, but that's probably because even the diary couldn't have predicted I'd be a clone.
Haruto: "What I've experienced leads me to believe in her prophecies. I don't know how it works, but I believe what Asahi says."
Riku: "Then you think what she said will happen?"
Haruto: "Probably. Not that I want it to."
Asahi had shown us her diary—and in it, her cute handwriting described the danger that was approaching me.
To be precise, it said that I'd be captured.
It didn't have any details about when or where.
Though it's a diary, it doesn't describe events in detail. Its focus is mainly Asahi's perspective and emotions.
Riku: "There's a chance her predictions could come true once or twice if only by coincidence."
Haruto: "That's true, but..."
Riku: "And there's an easier way to get people to believe in her predictions."
Haruto: "What's that?"
Riku: "She just has to make them happen. Of course, then they'd be warnings and not predictions."
Haruto: "What?! You think Asahi's involved in this?!"
Riku: "I was just presenting a possibility. I agree with you that she doesn't seem the type."
Riku: "I just think that in a mystery novel, I'd be inclined to suspect a character who others swear could never commit murder."
Riku: "And it seems to me that you're saying something like 'someone with superpowers probably did it' just because you can't figure out the trick."
Riku: "From the objective perspective of the reader, it seems obvious to me which is the more likely option."
Haruto: "......"
Riku: "Well, if you do get captured like her diary says, it'll raise her credibility."
Haruto: "Please don't say that even as a joke..."
If I'm captured by BURST, I won't be able to avoid falling under the government's control again.
That would be a fate worse than death.
Finally, I was practically driven out of the apartment to go buy food by Riku-chan, who was tormented by her hunger.
I walked alongside Asahi, who'd said she'd be going home.
Asahi: "I have a favor to ask, Haruto."
Haruto: "What is it?"
Asahi: "Can I live with you two in that apartment too?"
Haruto: "Huh? Why?"
Asahi: "For my trial. I wouldn't want anything happening to you."
Asahi refused to leave my house last year for the same reason. But the situation's different now.
Haruto: "We're wanted criminals. We break the law and do other terrible things. You'd be arrested too if you were with us, Asahi."
Asahi: "You're wanted criminals, but you're going to the grocery store?"
Haruto: "Yep. Even wanted criminals get hungry. They'll suck on mayonnaise sometimes if they can't bear the hunger."
I'm aware of the danger of showing my face in a public place, of course.
But since we're human beings, we'll get hungry even if we don't do anything.
To try to lower the risks even a little bit, we avoid large supermarkets and try to buy as much as we can at a time at little grocery stores.
Haruto: "As dangerous as it is here in the entertainment district, it's also easier to hide out. Though we'll get caught if it gets out that we're OutCasts, too."
Asahi: "Then I can do your shopping and stuff for you. There should be plenty of things I can do to help you two."
Our enemies should be aware that the Collector and the Blue Blaze the public is always talking about are Atori Riku and Mutsumi Haruto.
The fact that they haven't broadcast that fact or even put out wanted posters with our faces on them probably means that they don't want to make too big a deal out of it.
Still, they're sure to come after us if we're found, so Asahi's proposal would really help. But—
Haruto: "I want you to really think about this. If you help us, you could be arrested as an accomplice too."
Asahi: "I have thought about it. For like three seconds."
Haruto: "Not for three seconds! Weigh your options a little more!"
Asahi: "There's nothing to weigh."
Asahi declared, and it didn't even take three seconds.
Asahi: "You can get into accidents just driving a car. But everyone still drives."
Asahi: "There are risks in everything you do. So you should just walk the path you believe in."
I couldn't argue, and it wasn't just because she'd raised a good point.
It was because I was once again being faced with the person named Rikudou Asahi. I was realizing once again that there was nothing I could do to obstruct an unstoppable force.
Haruto: "...It's really alright?"
Asahi: "Why are you asking me? Isn't it your decision?"
I guess my concerns were so trifling to her that she wasn't even considering them. After all this, I had no strength to argue with her anymore.
Haruto: "I got it. Oh, but we'll have to ask Riku-chan too."
Asahi: "Since you agreed, I'm sure Atorin will too♪"
Haruto: "You think so...? I'm not really sure I have a lot of influence over her."
Asahi: "It'll be fine. I just get that feeling."
Asahi looked up at me, her eyes sparkling.
Asahi: "I'll bring back some changes of clothes, then. Let's meet up near the grocery store♪"
She smiled and waved her hand as she left, almost like a girlfriend who was saying "see you tomorrow."
Riku: "I believe I asked you to go food-shopping."
She pitched the exact question I was expecting as soon as we walked in the door.
Riku: "So why did you bring home an Asahi-san too?"
Haruto: "Uhh, 'cause there was a special...?"
Asahi: "I'm 50% off."
Riku: "Nobody asked you."
Picture this: two upperclassmen getting scolded by a younger girl. Riku-chan stared at us reproachfully. It's rare for her emotions to be so easy to read, actually.
Haruto: "Riku-chan, I have a request... I'd like for Asahi to stay here too."
Riku: "The two of you come back here acting like newlyweds with grocery bags in your arms and then you come out with that?"
Asahi: "Protecting Haruto is my trial. I need to be near him to do that."
Riku: "I don't think I want to discuss that matter. I doubt I'll win any arguments there."
Haruto: "So...?!"
Riku: "What's 'so' supposed to mean? What exact route did you take through this discussion to arrive at 'so'?"
Haruto: "So..."
Riku: "Ahh, honestly, 'so, so, so,' are you the spirit of a soda machine or something? Please don't express all your emotions using only 'so.'"
Asahi: "Soda wasn't 50% off, so we didn't buy any."
Riku: "Nobody asked you."
Riku-chan sighed a deep sigh, her arms crossed.
Riku: "If that's what you two want, then who am I to stop you?"
Riku: "But where is she going to sleep? All we have is one bed and the couch you sleep on."
Riku: "If you're fine with the floor, then you can help yourself, of course."
Asahi: "I can't sleep on the floor. It's hard and cold."
Riku: "Well, I don't think this is going to work out, then. I don't see why there's any reason for you to force yourself to live in a place like this."
Asahi: "There is a reason. And it seems like it'll be fun living here."
Asahi trotted over to the couch in the middle of the room.
Asahi: "I can sleep with Haruto. It looks like there's room for both of us here."
Riku: "Huh? What on earth are you saying?"
Asahi: "Is something wrong?"
Riku: "Wait, am I in the wrong here?"
Asahi had responded with such a straight face that Riku-chan was beginning to question her own sense of morals.
Asahi: "Haruto and I have slept in the same bed before. So it's fine."
Riku: "Before?"
Anger, sadness, disgust—there was a mix of emotions that sort of just ended up making Riku-chan expressionless as she stared at me.
Haruto: "It was just for a little! And we didn't do anything!"
Riku: "I see. Well, if you're alright with that, then I don't particularly care, Haruto-san."
The words by themselves sort of sounded sarcastic, but when Riku-chan says something, she never means more or less than exactly what she says. If she says she doesn't care, she really doesn't care.
Riku: "Though I wouldn't want you doing anything strange with only a single thin curtain in between us..."
Riku: "My bed is relatively large, so I suppose it could fit two."
Haruto: "Thank you, Riku-chan!"
Riku: "It's nothing I need to be thanked for."
Riku: "I haven't done anything. I just don't feel I can deny you two something you've decided together."
Riku: "Whatever happens, we all have to take responsibility for ourselves."
Haruto: "...Yeah, thanks."
Asahi: "Can I put what we bought in the fridge, Haruto?"
Haruto: "Ah, yeah. I'll help."
We took out the food we'd bought and lined up the perishables in the fridge.
Riku: "Please just make something good. That's my only wish."
She seemed much more invested in her next meal than our whole conversation about Asahi staying or not.
I got the feeling there was a little less mayonnaise in the fridge than when we'd left.
I'd made kind of a lot of sandwiches (thinking we'd be able to have the leftovers for breakfast tomorrow) but they'd all disappeared from the plate, contrary to my expectations.
Asahi: "Thanks, Haruto♪ Those were delicious."
Riku: "Thank you. I feel as if I've come back to life."
Haruto: "You two both ate way more than I thought you would."
Riku: "Well, I was on the brink of starvation."
Asahi: "They were just so good♪"
Haruto: "I just cut stuff and put it between slices of bread. This doesn't really count as cooking."
Asahi: "But it really was good. Maybe it was because I got to eat with the two of you."
Riku: "So you're a loner too, Asahi-san. What a coincidence. That's the first thing about you I think I can relate to."
Haruto: "Uh, maybe you should find something else to bond over..."
The two of them are pretty similar in that they have very unique values. As a result, they don't always see eye-to-eye with other people.
Asahi: "So you can sew {and} cook, Haruto. That's amazing."
Riku: "I do respect you for that. It's strange to me that you weren't born a woman."
Haruto: "Well... I am a clone. Since my original was male, it's only natural that I am too."
Riku: "You'll pull that out of anywhere, huh? At this rate it might be wiser not to say anything."
Asahi: "Hey, Haruto... I don't know much about clones. What's different about you than regular people?"
Haruto: "Huh? I'm not sure what to say..."
Regular people are born from their mothers' bodies. I never went through that process. I'm a being that goes against the natural order—and I think that's the root of my self-disgust.
As Asahi stared at me with her earnest eyes, I became unsure about whether that was the right answer or not.
Haruto: "When something only belongs to you, no matter how crummy it is, since it's the only one in the world, you end up attached to it, right?"
Haruto: "But if it wasn't yours, but an imitation of another person's, you wouldn't want to look at it anymore, right?"
Haruto: "I think it's probably like when parents find out that they don't actually share blood with their children, maybe."
Asahi: "But that doesn't make sense. Shared blood doesn't mean anything."
Asahi: "A family is a family when they're together and they treasure each other because of it. If they're not together, then it doesn't matter what they share."
Haruto: "Hmm... well, I get what you're saying too."
Riku: "'You're the same as him.'"
Haruto: "Riku-chan?"
Riku: "After all's said and done, that's what you really don't want to hear, isn't it?"
Haruto: "...Nobody likes hearing that they're the same as someone else."
Riku: "Indeed. So you do understand."
Haruto: "Huh?"
Riku: "Everyone wants to think that they're special. They don't want to hear that they're the same as someone else."
Riku: "Even though there really isn't much of a difference between people, everybody thinks that way."
Haruto: "Everyone thinks that way..."
Riku: "That's right. So it's not really some special problem of yours, Haruto-san. And there's no need for you to take it so seriously."
Haruto: "...Thanks. I feel like you're always cheering me up, Riku-chan."
Riku: "Seriously. I wish you'd think about what it's like to be your caregiver once in a while."
Riku: "But now that we've got a new recruit, maybe the burden on me will lessen some."
Asahi: "I'll do anything if it'll cheer Haruto up."
Riku: "I won't give up my position as chief caregiver anytime soon, of course."
Asahi: "I'll just be your assistant, then."
Haruto: "Come on... cut it out, you two."
Riku-chan's done nothing but help me until now.
It can't go on like this. Even I know that. But it's not something I can just get over.
Riku: "If you work me too hard and I have to be hospitalized again, it's going to be all your fault, Haruto-san."
Haruto: "I'll try to makes sure that doesn't happen."
Haruto: "Hm? Again? Were you hospitalized, Riku-chan?"
Riku: "Yes, though it was when I was little. I was pretty seriously ill, so I had to go to the hospital on the island here."
Haruto: "Huh? But you're okay now? You don't need to go in and get checkups or anything?"
Riku: "I have certain limitations, but it's nothing that interferes with my daily life."
Haruto: "Are you really alright...?"
Riku: "What are you trying to say? If I said I was actually pushing myself and needed medicine, would you break into the hospital for me?"
Haruto: "Yeah, of course I would."
Riku: "What do you mean of course you would? You'll get arrested. Don't do that. What are you thinking, really?"
Haruto: "...But..."
There would be no question if her life were in danger. No matter how troublesome it'd be for me, I'd do something to get that medicine.
Riku: "...What are you doing?"
Asahi had moved at some point and now had her hand on Riku-chan's back with a wide smile on her face.
Asahi: "I'm rubbing your back."
Riku: "Well, I can see that. What I'm asking is why."
Asahi: "If you're hurt or not feeling good, doing this makes it better. Didn't you know?"
Riku: "Saying that like it's something every child knows makes me seem like the weird one."
Asahi: "There, there."
Riku: "...What is going on here? Please do something about this, Haruto-san."
Haruto: "Oh, should I do it too?"
Riku: "These two are hopeless."
There wasn't anything in particular we needed to be doing, so we spent a little while relaxing like this.
Asahi and I sat on the couch watching TV. Riku-chan was sitting on her bed looking at a tablet.
Asahi: "Hey, Atorin, what are you reading?"
Riku: "A novel. Are you interested?"
Asahi: "I like books. They help soothe my mind and body when I'm exhausted from my trials."
Riku: "This isn't a hotel, you know."
Riku: "Do you read books at all, Haruto-san?"
Haruto: "Not really. I didn't hate reading them for school or anything, but I didn't really read them at home."
Riku: "Well, you were a normie. You wouldn't have had time to read books, huh."
Haruto: "I think it's more a matter of my personality, but... and hey, could you not open my wounds like that?"
Riku: "I hope you're not misunderstanding something here. I'm fundamentally not a nice person."
Kindness doesn't necessarily mean not touching on wounds. Lightly stimulating a wound to get someone used to the pain is one kind of consideration.
You might not be able to tell at a glance, but since I've spent so much time with her, even though I might be dense, I can tell. I think Riku-chan's a little too harsh, though...
Haruto: "You're nice, Riku-chan. If you weren't, you'd have given up on me a long time ago."
Riku: "Well, you're free to think that."
Riku: "More importantly, Asahi-san."
Asahi: "Yeah?"
Riku: "Why don't you come sit next to me?"
Asahi: "Can I?"
Riku: "Well it's hard to read from there, isn't it? If you'd rather stay like that, of course, I won't stop you."
Asahi: "I'll sit, then. Thanks."
The two of them sat on the bed together and looked down at Riku-chan's tablet.
Riku: "That's right, why don't I show you something interesting?"
Asahi: "Something interesting? Let me see, let me see♪"
As I watched them huddle together on the bed, I began to feel like I didn't need to be so nervous about the three of us living together like this.
Riku: "This is Entry 01 in the Sleeping Faces of Haruto-san series."
Haruto: "Umm, hey, what exactly are you two looking at?!"
Riku: "What on earth are you making such a fuss about all of a sudden? It's rather boorish of you to intrude on a conversation between girls, don't you think?"
Haruto: "Not when the rights to the usage of my likeness are being violated! And what's 'Entry 01' mean?! Is there more than one series?!"
Riku: "There are some excellent entries in the Haruto-san Remembering the Past and Feeling Blue series."
Riku: "My personal favorite is the profile shot of him staring wistfully down at clams as they purge themselves of sand."
Haruto: "You took pictures of stuff like that...?"
Riku: "Well, try not to let it bother you. I just took them for my own personal enjoyment."
Asahi: "Hey, can I see the other ones?"
The two of them ignored me and looked happily at the tablet.
No matter what shape it took, I felt like it was a mistake to destroy the peace of the current situation. If all it took to maintain this good atmosphere was my remaining tolerant, then that's what I should do.
Haruto: "...If they're having so much fun looking at pictures of me, then I guess I can't ask for more."
I swore not to let myself be so defenseless from now on.
TV: "We interrupt this program to bring you an urgent report."
Haruto: "Hm...?"
The picture on the TV changed to people frantically running around the news station.
TV: "Tonight at 9 PM, there was a large-scale explosion at a government-operated research facility on Agartha."
TV: "Fires from the explosion are still raging, though firefighters are on the scene."
I checked the time and found that it was 9:15. That meant this incident had just occurred.
The footage changed to a burning building.
TV: "In this footage, we can see a large cloud of black smoke rising from the building."
TV: "The source of the explosion has not yet been verified, but we have confirmed with staff on-site that it was not accidental."
TV: "...Yes, yes, understood."
The clear, brisk voice of the reporter suddenly changed to a whisper.
TV: "Pardon the interruption. We now have new information. A man was spotted leaving the scene just after the explosion."
TV: "Footage of this man has also been taken. Are we showing the clip...?"
The picture switched back to the news station.
The anchor was looking downward and there was a brief period of silence. But not long after...
Haruto: "Wha—?!"
I couldn't look away from the footage they then displayed—
Black smoke and the dark of the night—and the figure that emerged from inside them.
Someone who couldn't possibly have been there was staring back at me from the TV screen.
TV: "We captured this footage just after arriving on the scene."
TV: "The figure on camera disappeared shortly after this was shot."
TV: "The details are unclear at this time, but as his appearance resembles the rumored 'Blue Blaze' who has caused similar explosions, authorities are investigating possible relations between previous incidents and this one."
Haruto: "That's impossible—!!"
The image had been zoomed in on from far away, so it couldn't be called a clear picture by any means.
But there was no way I could mistake the person captured by that camera.
I was absolutely sure it was "me" who had been there. I couldn't see the face from the rough footage and the scarf covering most of his head, but I was absolutely sure nonetheless.
Haruto: "What's going on...?!"
The newscaster read off the information once more.
The location of the facility that had been attacked—I knew nothing about it. Of course I didn't, as I couldn't remember ever having been there.
This phenomenon couldn't be explained unless there was someone else who looked exactly like me—if this were a mystery novel, I wouldn't even have an alibi.
Of course, this wasn't a novel, and I knew for sure that I hadn't done it.
Riku: "Well, well, well. When did you find the time for this? I had no idea you were so passionate about our work."
Haruto: "It wasn't me! I've never even been there!"
Riku: "I know that. I can't imagine you've secretly mastered some ninja body double technique."
Riku: "In which case, there aren't too many possibilities here."
While I panicked, Riku-chan spoke with her usual calm.
Riku: "One is that someone else is dressed up like you, not that I know why someone would do that."
It was impossible to clearly identify the face of the individual caught on that camera. It's perfectly possible that someone could be disguising themselves as me.
But my instincts denied that possibility. It was nothing like that. That figure was more fundamentally—
Riku: "I don't think I really need to explain the second, but... there's also a chance that it could have been a clone of you."
Riku: "We can't deny the possibility, since they have the clones under their control."
Riku: "And I can't explain the reasons for this either."
A clone—someone exactly like me in every way, the same face, the same body, the same voice.
I've never seen another one moving with its own will besides me. But I'm sure they could make as many as they wanted.
They control the person called Mutsumi Haruto from his beginning to his end.
Haruto: "......"
What did the "me" on screen attack that government facility for...?
Riku: "......"
Is there another clone like me who's escaped from the government's control?
But would they make a mistake like that when there's already precedent for it...?
Riku: "Well, now that we've watched a little TV, I think it's time for bed."
Haruto: "Huh?!"
I made a sound that was so stupid it even surprised me. But I didn't think it was as out-of-place as Riku-chan's statement.
Riku: "Well, we'll brush our teeth first, of course. That's only natural."
Haruto: "That's not it! You were watching the news too, weren't you, Riku-chan?!"
Riku: "Yes, I was?"
Haruto: "Then—!"
Riku: "Then? What exactly are you saying you want to do?"
Riku: "I trust you're not going to propose going there ourselves?"
Haruto: "I'm going there."
Riku: "...You could try to betray my expectations a little bit."
Riku-chan let her emotions show on her face, which she didn't do often. To describe those emotions in one word, I'd call them "disgust."
She seemed to be sighing not in response to the pros or cons of my proposed action but in response to me as a human being.
Riku: "I'm fairly certain you're not actually moronic enough to not understand this situation, but let me confirm just in case."
Riku: "If you stroll over there right now, you'd just be a Haruto-san moth to a flame."
Haruto: "I wouldn't go right now. I'd wait until there were fewer people around... say, just before sunrise, and I'd finish up while it's still dark."
Riku: "Let's say that they get the situation under control and all go home. Everybody wants to get home and go to bed, right?"
Riku: "That still doesn't particularly reduce the risks."
Riku: "There's a good chance this is a trap."
Haruto: "A trap?"
Riku: "Think a little, would you? Let's say that was someone the government planted there. What do you think their goal would be?"
Haruto: "...I dunno."
Riku: "The government is searching for us, but they haven't managed to find us for a whole year."
Riku: "It wouldn't be strange if they started trying new approaches."
Haruto: "...So you think it's a trap to lure us there?"
Riku: "It could be and it could not be."
Riku: "But don't you think it's the perfect bait for us, lacking as we are in information?"
Riku: "When it's hungry, even a lion will put a little more effort into hunting a zebra."
Riku: "But that's when hunting is most dangerous. You see only what's to be gained, while ignoring all the risks."
Riku: "It's when you're doing things you normally never would that you're most likely to make a mistake."
Riku-chan's always so persuasive. I can't deny that her persuasions have kept me alive until today.
Riku: "If you consider that it may be a trap, there's all sorts of suspicious points that come up."
Haruto: "Suspicious points?"
Riku: "That footage of your fake. Don't you think it's unnatural that footage like that even made it onto TV?"
Riku: "If the TV station's camera crew was there, that means BURST and other police would have gotten there long before, right?"
Riku: "So he shouldn't even have had the opportunity to strike such a bold pose for every family across the country."
Riku: "They could have also planned beforehand to air that footage."
Haruto: "...But would they cause all that uproar just for that? They can't use that facility anymore now, I'm sure."
Riku: "Maybe it just means that's how valuable you are, Haruto-san. Isn't that nice? You're quite the popular guy."
Haruto: "......"
No matter what excuses I make, it's true that I'd lost my cool and wasn't making calm judgments of the situation. And Riku-chan's usually the more rational one anyway.
I feel a little pathetic having someone younger than me be so much more logical, but there's no use making a fuss over something that's true. Riku-chan looks at things objectively, and she's pretty much always right.
Riku: "After hearing all this, what do you want to do, Haruto-san? Please tell me."
If this were a trial, the victor would be obvious. I'm the one saying things that don't make sense.
Really I was just getting desperate. Somewhere in my heart I'd started thinking I didn't really care what happened to me.
Logic should have been able to curb that desire to take stupid risks. But I just wasn't able to think clearly at the moment.
Haruto: "I'm going. I'm aware of the danger. So I'll go alone. I can't get you caught up in this, Riku-chan."
That was the least I could do to justify my selfishness. I couldn't let Riku-chan go along with my reckless behavior.
Maybe she'll be disappointed in me. Maybe she'll be so disgusted she turns her back on me.
But I couldn't sit still. The curse placed on my body still controlled me after a year.
Riku: "I understand. Let's get prepared, then."
Haruto: "Huh? Were you listening to what I said...?"
Riku: "I'm not some old lady who's hard of hearing. I heard you."
Haruto: "Then why aren't you stopping me? I'm trying to ignore your warnings."
Riku: "When did I say I was stopping you? I was just speaking about the current situation."
Riku: "I just organized the information and prompted a decision from you. When did I ever say 'don't go'?"
Haruto: "...Aren't you against it, though?"
Riku: "I am against it. I think it's completely idiotic, you're right."
Riku: "But the thing I hate more than anything is wasted effort, you see."
Riku: "Say you wanted to go to Mars. You wouldn't try jumping to see if you could make it that way, would you?"
Riku: "That's what I mean, basically."
Haruto: "...Your heart must be bigger than the Milky Way if you can accept selfishness on a planetary level."
Riku: "You're only realizing this now? I would be perfectly fine with you referring to me as Atori Galactic Riku from now on."
Haruto: "I think we'd both get embarrassed after a little while, so I'll hold off."
Riku: "Good idea."
She never changes her expression even at times like these, so it's difficult to gauge her sincerity.
Haruto: "You could at least laugh when you tell a joke..."
Riku: "It would help if you laughed right now too, then."
Haruto: "...I... really do want to go. I'm sorry."
To Riku-chan, it was probably like I was telling her "This isn't a joke, you asshole!" I felt more sorry than anything... but couldn't say anything more than that.
Asahi: "Wait."
Asahi had been observing the conversation from outside the whole time, but now she stood in front of Riku-chan with both arms out.
Asahi: "Did you forget what it said in my diary?"
Riku: "Right, there was something like that too, wasn't there?"
The prophecy in Asahi's diary—it predicted a future where I was captured and lost my freedom.
Asahi: "...You don't believe in it?"
Let's say you believe in the existence of prophecies. If that entry in her diary is about tonight, then it only increases the possibility that it's a trap.
Haruto: "Asahi."
Haruto: "I believe you, Asahi. But I can't stay here, even knowing the danger."
Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "I can't just prolong my life by doing nothing. Even if there's danger in store for me, I can't sit still."
Asahi prioritizes her diary more than anything, and is trying to be prudent and stop us.
It hurts to do something that flies in the face of her feelings like that. That doesn't change even if we shelve the issue of whether her predictions are real or not for now.
The kindness to show consideration for others—something I used to have before my world changed.
It's not something I have now. I have no time to think about anyone other than myself.
Asahi: "So you won't yield on this."
Haruto: "Yeah. I feel bad about it, but—"
Asahi: "Then let's go. I'll come with you."
Haruto: "H-Huh? Huh?! Um, no, how does that follow...?!"
Asahi: "If it's necessary for your ideals, then it's something you should do."
Asahi: "Since there are risks in everything you do, you should just choose the path you believe in."
Haruto: "You don't need to come with us, Asahi. It's too dangerous if this really is a trap."
Asahi: "Just like you have things you won't budge on, so do I. That's why I'll work with you two."
Asahi: "I don't really want you to go, but we should go together if we're both going to make our wishes come true."
Haruto: "But...!"
Riku: "I didn't think I'd find someone else at Haruto-san's level of stubbornness."
Haruto: "Riku-chan..."
Riku: "You won't be able to stop her. It should be obvious when you look at her eyes, even to a thickheaded person like yourself."
Asahi: "......"
Ahh, she's right. There's nothing I can do now that it's come to this.
The symbol of Rikudou Asahi's true nature—those two eyes—were the same now as they had been a year ago.
Haruto: "...I got it. If something happens, I'll protect you, Asahi. Let's all come back here together."
With all they've said to me, I now need to steel myself.
It would be wrong not to. It wouldn't be playing fair—
====================E105.TXT====================
Four in the morning—
We headed for an industrial sector a little ways away from the center of Agartha.
There were barricades indicating no entry to the facility where the fire had been, but we couldn't see any people nearby.
The whole building had been burned down, so naturally there was no security to speak of and it was simple to sneak inside.
Most of the place had been turned to cinders, so we didn't really see anything that could be a lead.
The only thing we managed to salvage from the wreckage was a locked briefcase.
Haruto: "Everything was so scorched in there I couldn't find anything else. I didn't see that fake, either."
Riku: "I see. What a waste of time."
I reported to Riku-chan through the radio in my ear. It had been my job to break into the facility and Riku-chan was handling support.
I couldn't see her from where I was, but she was standing on one of the buildings nearby observing the area.
Riku: "If there's nothing to gain here then we should make tracks quick."
Haruto: "I know. We'll meet up where we planned."
For all the resolve it took to make our way here, one briefcase as our reward doesn't really feel like enough, honestly. We don't even know if we'll find any leads inside.
Unable to shake the feeling that I'd been ripped off, I glared ruefully at the burned facility.
Haruto: "Let's get out of here, Asahi. There's no reason to stay any longer."
Haruto: "Asahi...?"
Asahi had been clinging so stubbornly to my side up until now, but she didn't answer me, so I looked around for her.
She was just behind me. If she was right there, she could have answered, couldn't she...?
Asahi: "Hey, Haruto, let's hurry and go home."
Haruto: "That's the plan... What's up...?"
Asahi: "...I've got a bad feeling about this. It feels like someone's watching us."
I hurriedly turned to look in the direction Asahi was glaring in. Our surroundings were utterly still.
Haruto: "There's no one here—"
"It's probably just because you've never done something like this before—"
—Just when I was about to tell her that, it was made completely clear to me which one of us was being foolish.
Asahi's premonition was right on the money.
Haruto: "BURST?!"
By the time I noticed them, we were already surrounded with guns thrust out all around us.
An ambush—I came to that conclusion quickly enough, as it was the only way to explain how prepared they were for our presence.
BURST Member A: "Move and we'll shoot. Just stay where you are."
Haruto: "Kh—?!"
They won't even give us the opportunity to flee. That was how hopeless of a situation we were in.
Asahi: "Haruto..."
Should I just go for it and try to carve out an escape route? Maybe at the very least, I can let Asahi get away—
???/Akeno: "It'd be in your best interest not to do anythin' {stupid}."
A line of BURST officers stood before us and from behind them, I heard something completely out-of-place—the sound of high heels.
Akeno: "I know it's pointless to say anythin' to an idiot, but hey, I figured I'd warn ya."
Haruto: "Y-You're...?!"
Akeno: "'S been a while. And hey, you look better'n I thought you would."
Mikuriya Akeno said in the sloppy, pompous way she always spoke, her lips curled up in a flippant smile.
Akeno: "Hunh? This isn't quite what I was picturin'. Who's that chick? You throw out the other one already?"
Haruto: "...Why should I tell you?!"
Akeno: "Tch, well, I guess there's no way she'd walk into such an obvious trap, unlike you."
Akeno: "Eh, you're enough, tho'. Gotta have as many cards in my hand as possible if I wanna level the playin' field with {them}."
Haruto: "What do you know?! Answer me!"
Akeno: "'Scuse me? You're not gonna answer any a' my questions, but you're askin' your own? How cocky can one brat be?"
Akeno: "Hey, tell your commander to search the area. She could be hidin' around here somewhere."
Mikuriya Akeno ignored me and relayed an order to a BURST member nearby.
Haruto: "Commander... Da—"
I swallowed the word that had been about to spill from my lips.
Akeno: "Hm? Ah, lemme fill you in on just one thing. The guy playin' your dad quit his BURST job a long time ago."
Akeno: "Prob'ly couldn't juggle all that. Not that I care in the least."
Akeno: "Anyway, figure I might as well ask: you kids plan on comin' quietly?"
Akeno: "Doesn't matter whether {you} live or die, but you don't want {her} biting it, do you?"
Asahi: "......"
Asahi, standing beside me, wasn't afraid at all. She was looking right at Mikuriya Akeno and scowling.
They're after me and Riku-chan. Asahi has nothing to do with this. Even if they do catch us here, she should be a lot safer than we would be in their hands.
In this tense situation, I worked my brain as fast as I could, trying to find my way out of this conundrum.
Haruto: "...Very well. I'll do as you say."
Haruto: "In return, please promise not to lay a hand on Asahi. Those are my conditions."
Akeno: "Haha, he thinks he's in a position to be bargainin'. Not a bright kid, this one."
Haruto: "If you won't accept them, I'll go down fighting. And I'll take as many down with me as I can."
Akeno: "Hey now, there's no call for violence here."
Haruto: "I don't care if I die. That's not the worst thing I can imagine happening to me."
Akeno: "Don't talk like you know shit, kid."
Akeno: "Guess there's no point talkin' to a dumbass like this."
Akeno: "Okay, okay, I'll accept your terms. I promise. I swear to God."
Haruto: "There's no need to go that far. It only makes you sound more suspicious."
Akeno: "I get that a lot."
I walked over to Mikuriya Akeno's side.
Asahi: "Haruto! You can't!"
Haruto: "It's fine. Don't worry about me."
I won't let Asahi's prophecy come true. It would mean losing everything, after all.
Akeno: "Right, keep a lid on it and c'mere. The shrimp can go with BURST or somethin'."
I followed her when she turned around and started walking off.
I slowly but surely closed the distance between us, careful not to let her catch on to my intentions.
Four meters... three meters... two meters—
I was one bound from being able to pin her. When I decided I was close enough, I leapt at her back—
Haruto: "—?!"
I was planning on pinning her arms behind her back. I thought if I took her hostage, we'd find a way to escape.
But she'd turned around, wearing a vulgar smile as if she'd seen through my naive plans from the beginning.
Haruto: "Gah?!"
Light erupted in front of me.
I only realized it was because Mikuriya Akeno's knee had struck me in the jaw after I was already lying on the ground.
Akeno: "You really think I'm braindead enough to let some brat get the better a' me?"
Her perfectly composed voice came from above me as I watched the ground swim before me.
Asahi: "Haruto!!"
I could hear Asahi's voice from somewhere far away. There was a buzzing in my ears drowning it out.
Akeno: "You get hurt 'cause you're not cooperatin'."
Akeno: "Well, points for tryin'. It's important not to give up until the very end."
I need to get up, fast—but I was frozen on all fours, my body disobeying my mind. It was preoccupied with sorting out what had happened to my brain.
Akeno: "You, take him away. And tie 'im up real good so he doesn't struggle."
Asahi: "Stay back! Don't touch Haruto!"
Asahi had run over to me worriedly and her voice caused BURST to hesitate.
Akeno: "Oh, come on, you all got kids or somethin'? You're not really hesitating over a brat throwin' a tantrum, are you?"
They'd all stopped for a moment, but they pulled themselves together. The legs all around us started approaching again.
I need to do something—I was panicking on the inside, but I still couldn't even stand back up.
Do I really have to suffer such an absurd defeat here...? No way! What these people are doing is wrong. There's no way they're playing fair!!
I'm not losing to these assholes...!!
BURST Member A: "Just come quietly—"
A black-gloved hand reached out toward me.
Just nearby there was an explosion powerful enough to tear up the concrete, and all the BURST officers nearby went flying.
Being experts, they grasped the situation much quicker than I did.
BURST Member A: "We're under attack!! Everyone spread out!!"
They all kept low and took cover. As a result, I didn't end up restrained.
Akeno: "What, so she {is} here."
BURST Member A: "Where is she?! Where's she attacking from?!"
Akeno: "She's on top of a building. Birdbrains like bein' up high, after all."
Akeno: "Send some guys up there, but {don't} kill her. Take her {alive}, alright?"
More than half of the nearby BURST obeyed Mikuriya Akeno's orders and started rushing away.
Riku: "Haruto-san, are you alright?"
I heard Riku-chan's voice from the radio set deep in my ear.
Haruto: "I think so... My jaw might be dislocated, though."
Riku: "If you can speak, you're fine. Let's get out of here right away. I'll meet up with you now."
Haruto: "Some of the guys that were here are heading toward you."
Riku: "Yikes, I do see a bunch of them popping out of the woodwork."
Haruto: "Don't worry about us. Get to our meeting point by yourself, Riku-chan."
Riku: "Very well. I'll draw as many of them away as I can, so please do something about your own situation."
There was a moment of silence—and when I next heard her voice, there was a rare unease in it.
Riku: "...You'll really be okay, right? I'm not going to rescue you if you get captured."
Haruto: "If that happens, you can just succeed my will."
Would Riku-chan abandon me? The words came easily, but I wasn't so sure on the inside.
But I didn't want to become a burden. If we were both caught, there would be no one left to stop them. We have to avoid that happening, no matter what.
Haruto: "But I can't think about that right now. I can't be stumbling in a place like this!"
When I put it into words, I could feel my determination strengthening. I need to do as much as I can so that I'm not lying to myself.
My body rose as if in response to my will. My head still ached a little, but I stood firmly on my feet.
And now that I've done that, all that's left is to do what I have to—
BURST spread out around us. We won't get anywhere unless we break their formation somehow.
I thrust my fist down and flames erupted from the ground, racing toward BURST.
BURST Member A: "R-Retreat!!"
A wave of blue flames flew toward them—and no matter their stringent training, they were still flesh and blood human beings.
If they were caught in the wave, they'd burn to death. And no one stupid enough to miss that fact would make it into their special forces.
BURST chose their own safety over maintaining their formation. It was a wise decision.
Akeno: "The fuck are you guys doin'? Are those things for decoration?! Shoot 'em already!"
Haruto: "Asahi, this way!"
Asahi: "—!!"
I pulled Asahi into my arms.
Fire sprayed from the guns of the BURST officers who'd stayed in formation, as though to clear their names after being called decorations. Magi-made bullets shot toward us.
Haruto: "That won't stop me!!"
The power I'd obtained in order to cut a path to my future appeared out of thin air in my hand, displaying the true prowess of Magi technology.
I swung the sword as if to cut away everything in my path, and flames erupted in the arc after it.
The bullets flying toward us were swallowed up in those flames and erased from this world.
Asahi: "Haruto, what...!"
Haruto: "It's a Magi device made by Atori. One Riku-chan swiped."
Haruto: "Asahi, run!"
Understanding my intent immediately, Asahi took off through the flames without hesitating one bit. I followed her, keeping a lookout on our surroundings.
We can make it—the moment I was sure of that, I noticed an obstacle out of the corner of my eye I couldn't ignore.
In Mikuriya Akeno's hands was one of the Magi BURST was equipped with.
The gun barrel was pointed ominously at us.
Haruto: "—!!"
I stopped to face her attack. There was plenty of distance between us.
"I keep tellin' you you're an idiot, don't I?"—her smile spoke the thought so eloquently she didn't even need to use her words.
Her body was rigid, aiming the gun at me—but the barrel slid a tiny bit as if in ridicule.
Haruto: "Asahi, move!!"
My desperate scream echoed futilely as the bullet shot straight from the barrel towards her.
I won't make it—I abandoned my Magi, which was only weighing me down, and reached out my hand to Asahi.
I was panicking, but Asahi stared straight at the bullet flying her way without screaming, without even blinking.
Asahi: "Haruto!!"
Haruto: "Kh......!"
As a result of risking my own hide to protect Asahi, the Magi bullet hit me instead.
Had it been a regular bullet, it would have torn through my flesh and done grave damage to my body. Maybe I should be grateful that it was just a BURST bullet designed for capturing criminals.
Still, I was now in a lot of trouble. The ice that had erupted from the bullet had pinned me to a building.
Akeno: "Such a handful!"
The hunter approached the prey she'd caught in her trap, not concealing her confidence once bit.
Haruto: "Asahi, forget about me and get out of here!"
Akeno: "Ooh, it brings a tear to my eye! He lays his life on the line for his woman! A man among men, this one."
Akeno: "Well, that's about enough a' that, isn't it? I can't really play along with this forever, y'know. Sorry!"
Haruto: "Dammit...!"
I struggled as hard as I could, but the cold ice didn't budge at all. I couldn't even melt the ice with my flames, since my arms were pinned.
And even if I had the opportunity to do so, Mikuriya Akeno wouldn't miss it. She'd take the chance to shoot again, trapping me in even tighter ice.
Haruto: "I can't get caught here!"
Haruto: "There are things I still need to do!!"
I knew it was pointless, but I still had to struggle. Mikuriya Akeno scowled at me, perhaps thinking it pitiful.
Akeno: "What {is} it you wanna do?"
Haruto: "Huh...?"
Akeno: "What are you after, exactly? What are you fightin' for?"
Haruto: "Well—"
That's obvious. I'm righting their wrongs.
Haruto: "There are evil people preying on others. I have to stop them."
Akeno: "Evil, eh? So what is evil, anyway?"
Haruto: "Debating with you isn't going to change my views. I can't let this go on."
Akeno: "Hahh... D'you think the world's divided into good an' evil or somethin'?"
Akeno: "The opposite of good is evil. Everybody loves a simple premise like that. Know why?"
Akeno: "Because if you can call somethin' 'evil,' you can stop thinkin' about it. There's no need to even question it. You're freed from your anguish!"
Akeno: "Aren't you the same? You can't face reality unless you foist all the blame off on somebody else. Am I wrong?"
Haruto: "That's not—!!"
Akeno: "Your father was a stranger. Your sister wasn't human."
Akeno: "You weren't even yourself."
Haruto: "Kh...?!"
Akeno: "That's why you gotta justify your revenge as 'good' over 'evil.' You're dependent on that evil. Don'tcha think?"
Haruto: "Shut up! Those are just words! I—"
Akeno: "'Course you're gonna deny it. If you didn't, you'd lose your reason to live. It'd be the end of your psyche itself."
Akeno: "But there's not a shred of human worth in livin' like that, y'know."
Akeno: "Without that reason for bein', you're not a who, you're a what. Tools only gain worth when they're used by people."
Akeno: "So I'll find a good use for you. That's a better fit for you, wouldn't you say?"
I can't beat her. It hurts to admit it, but I'm completely cornered both physically and mentally, and my heart's starting to break from the pressure.
"What are you after? What are you fighting for?"—the words were stuck in my mind probably because she'd hit the mark.
"You're a tool." She might be right. There's nothing individual about me; I'm just a copy.
I can't ignore the words, probably because somewhere inside of me, I've almost accepted them—
Asahi: "You're wrong. Haruto isn't a tool."
Akeno: "Hmm? You're still here?"
Asahi stared Mikuriya Akeno down, taking an imposing stance.
Haruto: "What are you doing?! Get out of here!"
Asahi: "Haruto is special. He's on his way to the Land of Dreams. He has a noble heart."
Asahi: "I can tell."
Asahi took a stance like she was drawing a bow.
Akeno: "Hey now, what're you planning?"
Asahi: "Phew..."
She took a deep breath, ignoring Mikuriya Akeno's question.
When she opened her eyes, I saw a crystallization of that firm will of hers deep inside them.
Asahi: "Haruto, do you trust me?"
Asahi: "If you believe in me, I think I can do this."
Akeno: "Wait wait wait, you're joking, right...?"
The arrow was pointed my way.
I don't know Asahi's true intentions. But there's only one answer to her question.
The sky is blue. The ocean is vast—and Asahi won't betray me. It's easy to believe in her, then.
Haruto: "I trust you, Asahi. I'd never doubt you."
I would have a hard time explaining why if someone asked me.
But I won't sweat the small stuff. After all, there's some force in her eyes that makes doing so easy...
Asahi: "Good. I hoped you'd say that, Haruto."
Akeno: "Take it easy. You're gonna be in trouble if you do that."
Sounds like she's figured out what Asahi's planning on doing too.
It's a natural reaction for a normal person. The things Asahi does sometimes tend to make people anxious.
But no matter how anxious I may be, I of all people have to believe in her. Because I'm sure that's what's right—
Haruto: "Do it, Asahi!!"
The light that shot from Asahi's hands spread out, eroding at the darkness. And the source of that light, the arrow, blew away the building behind me.
Haruto: "Cough, cough—"
Dust filled the air, coating the inside of my mouth. But I could move again now that the wall I was stuck to was gone.
Akeno: "Fuckin' crazy kids!"
The moment Asahi had released her magic, Mikuriya Akeno had leapt back. She was on her knees, but she didn't look injured.
Asahi: "Haruto!!"
Haruto: "I know! Run!!"
The situation was so unexpected that not only BURST but even Mikuriya Akeno had been taken by surprise. If we let this opportunity slip by, we'd probably get captured again.
I took Asahi's hand and we ran through a break in their formation into an alley.
Akeno: "Tch, they totally got away."
BURST Member A: "Should we go after them?"
Akeno: "No way, no way. Your guys' strong points are your resources and leadership, right? Goin' after them in a situation like this, I can just see them turnin' the tables on you."
Akeno: "'Course if you still want to, I won't stop you. More importantly..."
BURST Member A: "Huh?"
Akeno: "They've got somebody real troublesome with 'em now. She's gonna be a pain in the ass..."
BURST Member A: "You mean the Collector?"
Akeno: "I doubt you'll ever know what I mean."
BURST Member A: "Uh huh..."
Haruto: "Haahh, haahh... I think we got away. You're not hurt, are you, Asahi?"
Asahi: "I'm fine. What about you, Haruto?"
Haruto: "I'm alright thanks to you. You might have shaved a few years off my life, though..."
We shook off our pursuers and finally caught our breath in one of the drains that run under the city.
Haruto: "That magic really surprised me, though. You figured out how to use it, huh?"
Asahi: "It's thanks to your advice, Haruto. You said it was important to visualize, right?"
Haruto: "So that's why you took that pose. Why a bow, though?"
Asahi: "I tried out a lot of things, but that felt the best."
Asahi: "I thought it'd feel good to imagine a target and hit the very center of it with an arrow."
Haruto: "If you think so, you're probably right. It's basically a matter of your feelings, after all."
Asahi: "Still, there are a lot of times when it doesn't work out. It's really hard."
Haruto: "R-Really...? I'll pretend I didn't hear that..."
A chill ran down my spine as the worst case scenario flashed by in my head.
That magic wasn't on the level of burning or destroying.
It would be more accurate to say she'd caused matter to disappear without a trace. Her light, compressed down to its limit, instantaneously consumed the building.
I put my hand to my cheek. I should be thankful for the good fortune I have.
Asahi: "Someone's coming."
Asahi suddenly turned around. Lighting was limited down here, so everything past a certain distance was darkness. We couldn't hear any footsteps either.
"Was it just your imagination?"—just when I was about to ask that, I heard faint footsteps approaching.
We both put our guards up, but what emerged from the darkness was the familiar sour face of Riku-chan's.
Riku: "So the two of you managed to get away."
Haruto: "Riku-chan, thank goodness. You're safe too."
Riku: "Only after being chased to hell and back by those guys. That's what you picked up?"
Riku-chan was looking at the briefcase I was holding.
Riku: "If all it's got inside is some businessman's stuff I don't know what I'll do."
Haruto: "If that happens, we'll have to go return it. He'd probably be in trouble without it."
Riku: "You can go yourself if that happens. And I won't help you if you get caught."
Haruto: "I'll pray that won't happen."
When we got back to our place, we put off taking a breather and set about investigating the briefcase we'd acquired.
Haruto: "It's locked. Guess we'll have to break it."
Asahi: "Are you that strong, Haruto? Wow!"
Haruto: "No, I don't think I can do it with just my bare hands... I'll need some kind of tool."
Riku: "Should we just blast it with a Magi instead of taking all that time?"
Haruto: "W-We can't do that. If there's some sort of mechanism inside, it'll break."
Riku: "Then here, use this."
There was a metal rod in Riku-chan's hand.
Riku: "Well, it's something like a crowbar. Perfect for hitting and prying, a convenient device that proudly protects its place as number one on the crime tool ranking."
Haruto: "Why do you have something like this, Riku-chan? You weren't planning anything bad, were you...?"
Riku: "We're heinous criminals, you know. It would be stranger not to have one of these."
Riku: "But all joking aside, it was just in this apartment before we were. I'm sure whoever lived here before wasn't the greatest person either."
Haruto: "It kind of helps if you smile when you're joking..."
I accepted the "something like a crowbar" from the expressionless Riku-chan.
Haruto: "Stand back, you two. I'm gonna force it open."
I stuck the tip of the "something like a crowbar" in the seam of the briefcase and pulled down on it as if to leverage it up.
Haruto: "Hmph!!"
The gap widened a little when I put some strength into it. I pushed it deeper in and pulled with all my might once more.
Haruto: "Fiiiiight!!"
Asahi: "One shot♪"
Riku: "Re:D Elephant—so powerful it can turn off the sun!"
Haruto: "Whoa?!"
I put everything I had into it until, with a dull metal sound, I lost my balance and fell backward.
Asahi: "Aah?!"
The momentum sent me flying into Asahi and we both went down together. Thankfully the impact was softened by the couch behind us.
Haruto: "Ouch... Sorry, Asahi. You okay?"
Asahi: "I'm fine."
Sitting back up, I looked around.
Riku: "Looking for something?"
Haruto: "Well, I thought I felt some manju when I fell... Were you snacking on something, Riku-chan? There were two of them..."
Asahi: "—?!"
Riku: "Manju, you say? Not melons?"
Haruto: "No, they weren't melons. They weren't that big. And they were softer."
Asahi: "—?!?!"
Haruto: "Huh? Asahi, what's your face all red for?"
Riku: "She's probably upset since they weren't melons."
Haruto: "Ah. Should we go buy some tomorrow?"
Asahi: "I hope you meet with divine punishment, Haruto!!"
Haruto: "Whaaat...?"
I don't know why, but she got mad... Did she want to eat melons that bad...?
Riku: "Well, Asahi-san's honor is important as well, but maybe we should be prioritizing that right now."
At Riku-chan's suggestion, I took a look at the briefcase. It was lying on the floor, its lock broken.
Now exposed, the case's contents included several documents and something like a rectangular box.
Haruto: "A video tape?"
Riku: "Looks like. It's my first time seeing one in person, though."
I was in part surprised that we'd found such an ancient artifact, one that you hardly ever saw anymore.
But at the same time I couldn't hide my disappointment, since the only thing we learned when we opened the case was that we wouldn't learn anything for a while yet.
Haruto: "Where do they sell VCRs?"
Riku: "They had them at electronic stores, apparently. Twenty years ago, at least."
Haruto: "Right..."
There's no one using things like this these days. And if no one's using them, no one's selling them.
Riku: "Guess we'll be looking for VCRs tomorrow."
It's late tonight. Or rather, it'll be dawn in a few hours. There aren't any stores open at this time.
There's a clue right in front of our eyes, but we can't act on it—there's no point in getting impatient about it, but I can't help feeling frustrated.
Riku: "Well, let's head to bed for the night. We can't keep staying up this late, honestly."
We had no choice but to agree with Riku-chan as she stifled a quiet yawn.
====================E106.TXT====================
The room was dead silent—and my eyes were staring up at the ceiling, unwilling to accept sleep.
It wasn't like we didn't have plans tomorrow. What we needed to do was right in front of our eyes. But I was finding it hard to stop thinking about what had happened today.
—What are you after, exactly? What are you fightin' for?—
Mikuriya Akeno's words were stuck in my mind. I couldn't stop thinking about them.
What am I after? That's obvious. I'm gonna give the guys who put me through all this a kick in the pants.
They use such inhumane methods, and if left alone, I'm sure more people will be victimized by them.
That's right, that's why I'm fighting. I can't let them keep doing what they please.
—Without that reason for bein', you're not a who, you're a what.—
Haruto: "—?!"
Shut up! Stop it! What does it matter, anyway?
Even if I'm making a mistake, it isn't my fault, is it? It's the fault of the people who deceived me. It's too cruel to make me question myself on top of all this.
I don't want to tell any more lies. Are you saying it's wrong even to wish for that...?
I was pulled out of the pit of my own thoughts I was sinking into by a sound.
Asahi or Riku-chan—I felt one of them moving around the room.
I suddenly felt awkward and closed my eyes. I don't know why. But it's absolutely true that I held my breath to try to disguise the fact that I was awake.
Haruto: "......"
Did she go to the bathroom...? I kept holding my breath and paid attention to my surroundings, but I couldn't hear any footsteps or doors opening.
I slowly opened my eyes.
And my heart stopped—
Riku: "So you {were} awake."
Haruto: "—?!"
Riku: "Shh. You'll wake up Asahi-san."
Riku-chan put her finger to her small lips. Not only had she seen through my sleeping act, but she'd also caught on that I was about to raise my voice in surprise.
Haruto: "Wh- Wh-Wh-Wh- What—"
Riku: "I was just curious about something. What exactly did Akeno-san say to you?"
Haruto: "N-Nothing really."
Riku: "You sure seemed to be agonizing a lot about it, if it really was nothing."
Haruto: "......"
Riku: "I thought so. Excuse me..."
Haruto: "Riku-chan...?"
The face in front of me moved. Riku-chan was kneeling next to the couch.
Riku: "You told me you loved me, right?"
Haruto: "What?!"
Riku: "I believe I asked you to be quiet as well."
Haruto: "You said that earlier...! But I don't remember telling you anything like..."
Riku: "It was the day we met."
Haruto: "Huh?"
Riku: "Not the day you got into that accident in the city. The next day."
Back when I was just a student—it was any old afternoon. I recalled her sitting under the shade of a tree.
Riku: "Were the words you said then a lie?"
Haruto: "I remember that day, but I still don't remember saying that..."
Riku: "I'm not surprised. I was the only one who felt the sparks, then."
Haruto: "I keep telling you it's hard to laugh at your jokes when you say them with such a straight face..."
Riku: "Do you not love me?"
Her expressionless face stared down at me. There was a different sort of power than Asahi's in Riku-chan's eyes.
Riku: "......"
I felt something being drawn out by that power, about to spill from my lips. I turned over, unable to look at Riku-chan anymore.
Haruto: "...I don't have any time to think about that sort of thing. And I think it's a little different."
Riku: "Different?"
Haruto: "......"
Love is a privilege of only those who can afford to feel it. I think a year ago, I would have been able to fall in love with someone. But there's no room in my heart for something like that right now.
......
No, I'm not wrong, but I'm not right either. I've realized the true nature of the restraints binding me.
I wanted to avert my eyes from everything about my life until last year. If I started coming close to holding something from back then, it would remind me of all the things I could never get back.
And if there were things I couldn't get back, I'd have to seal away all those emotions I longed for. If I didn't, I...
Haruto: "I'm going to sleep. Leave me alone."
Riku: "I was leaving you alone earlier, and you weren't sleeping."
Haruto: "I can't hear you. I'm sleeping now. Zzz, zzz."
Riku: "Are you a child?"
Haruto: "......"
Riku: "Say, Haruto-san."
Riku-chan whispered by my ear. I was planning to ignore her no matter what she said.
—But that cheap stubbornness crumbled away into nothing.
Riku: "Shall I make you an adult?"
Haruto: "Huh...?"
I had turned back to her before I realized it. I couldn't see her face otherwise.
If this was a trap, I was easy prey, walking right into it. But I didn't care about that.
Riku: "......"
Haruto: "Riku...chan...?"
I couldn't find any more words than that. We stared at each other like time had stopped.
And it wasn't me who got it moving again.
Riku: "Do you mind if I check to see if I really was the only one feeling the sparks?"
Haruto: "Ch-Check? How...?!"
Riku: "Pardon me."
I saw Riku-chan's pale hand reach out unflinchingly to my waist, and—
Haruto: "Whoa?!"
I couldn't help crying out in surprise. And who could blame me? After all—
Riku: "Please be quiet. You're going to wake Asahi-san."
Haruto: "B-But...?!"
With her hand still between my legs, Riku-chan looked over to the bed where Asahi slept. I could hear the sheets sliding a little.
Haruto: "......"
I pricked up my ears timidly, the guilt of doing something we shouldn't weighing down on me.
Asahi: "I know you can do it, Haruto... I believe in you..."
What I heard was Asahi's adorable sleep-talking.
Riku: "She really trusts you a lot, huh? In real life and in her dreams."
Her slender fingers made their way around my thighs and abdomen.
Captive to the expectations those movements were filling me with, I nevertheless resisted, if only with words.
Haruto: "What if Asahi woke up? Hurry and move your hand away."
Riku: "It'll be fine if you just keep quiet, Haruto-san."
The tantalizing temptation sounded almost businesslike coming from Riku-chan, but looking at it another way, that also made the situation seem real, as though as soon as I said yes, I'd get the stimulation I desired.
Haruto: "Why are you doing this?"
Riku: "To put it simply, probably because I'm angry."
Haruto: "Did I do something to make you mad...?"
Riku: "Well, what does it matter? Why don't we just not worry about it?"
Haruto: "Of course I'm going to worry. I mean, this is..."
Riku: "If you truly mean what you say, then it shouldn't matter if we do something like this."
Riku: "You don't think anything in particular of me, do you? You said so earlier."
Haruto: "W-Well..."
Riku: "Never mind the old Haruto-san. Right now, you shouldn't feel anything, should you?"
Riku: "Isn't that why you keep making that face every day?"
Haruto: "......"
I was in an impossible situation and I felt like my brain was about to pop. I managed to get back some of my composure with Riku-chan's words.
Haruto: "...I'm not who I used to be. I'm a completely different person. And I'm not wrong to think that way."
I can't enjoy myself. I can't smile. If I remember that happiness, I won't be able to forget it again.
Riku: "Then you won't feel anything at all if I do this."
The fingers on my abdomen teased my groin. She caressed me like she was petting a beloved animal and I felt a rush of arousal.
Haruto: "I-I think that's a little beside the point...!"
Riku: "Do you give up? Go ahead and admit defeat and we'll say it's my win."
I had no idea what she was saying, but she'd already seized the initiative (and something else besides) and I had no room to make a logical argument with her.
The defeat she spoke of was totally vague and illogical, but I still didn't want to admit it. I have my reasons, and I feel like it's unfair for me to have to one-sidedly admit defeat.
Haruto: "I-I can totally handle this..."
Riku: "That's an awfully girly tone you're taking all of a sudden."
I've never had a girl touch me here before. I'm feeling so many different things it's making me go a bit weird.
Haruto: "—!"
Her slender fingers touched a sensitive area and my hips jumped a bit.
Riku: "......"
Riku-chan silently continued moving her hand. Her movements were awkward, but I wasn't in much of a position to be criticizing her.
Riku: "Umm..."
Haruto: "Wh-What...?"
Riku: "It sort of feels like it's gotten bigger."
Riku-chan and I both had our eyes focused on the same spot.
Haruto: "Y-You're just imagining it..."
Riku: "I see. I'll have to keep going to make sure, then."
It felt like the outline of my manhood was slowly growing more obvious—like all the blood in my body was rushing to that spot.
I could feel the sensations of her hand touching me more and more clearly.
Riku: "Umm, it's not just my suspicion anymore. I'm absolutely certain of it now."
Haruto: "......"
Riku: "Something very hot down here has completly swollen up... enough that I'm a little worried. Is this alright?"
Haruto: "I-It's just a biological phenomenon, and it happens a little when I wake up in the morning too, so this is safe...!"
Riku: "...Right. It's fine if I make sure then, right?"
Haruto: "M-Make sure...?"
She ignored me while I was struggling to keep up and slid her hand into my clothes.
She was so quick about it I didn't have any time to stop her.
Riku: "Wah...!"
Haruto: "Hyanh—?!"
The bundle of heat that had been held down by my clothes sprang up when its restraints were removed. I couldn't help covering my face with my hands.
Riku: "Umm, isn't this a little backwards? Don't you think I should be the one looking away?"
Haruto: "Help me... I'm going to be deflowered..."
Riku: "Why don't you be a bit more confident? You're a man, aren't you?"
Haruto: "It'd just be stupid if I were confident looking like this..."
Riku: "You may have a point there."
Riku-chan was keeping her cool in contrast with how flustered I was. Her eyes were fixed on my now exposed... you know.
Riku: "........."
Riku-chan's eyes were focused on one point. Though I was experiencing this indescribable humiliation, my erection nevertheless twitched under her gaze.
Riku: "It's my first time seeing the real thing, but it's a little grotesque, isn't it?"
Haruto: "Please don't stare so hard at it..."
Riku: "Umm, it's alright if I touch it, right?"
Haruto: "I mean, yeah... no, that's like, physically yes, but emotionally..."
Riku: "I don't mind stopping if you'll admit defeat, Haruto-san."
Riku: "If you'll admit that on that day a year ago, you fell in love with me at first sight and still feel the same way."
Haruto: "......"
I don't want to admit it. Not because I don't like Riku-chan or anything—
Riku: "I'll have to keep going, then. Pardon me."
All she'd done was confirm her intentions. She'd given me a yes/no question but hadn't even allowed me a seat in the discussion. When I wouldn't accept her terms, she continued her attack.
That pale hand of hers she'd pulled away made its way back to me, and—
Finally, she broke through all my defenses. My fate was literally in Riku-chan's hand.
Haruto: "###?!"
The shame, pleasure, and guilt—they all rushed at me at once and I covered my mouth with both hands to prevent them from spilling out of it.
This side of Riku-chan could be called impure, I think. She's younger than me, but she's always composed, she's beautiful, and she has a great figure, and right now, she's touching my penis.
Riku: "It's very... hot. And hard, and throbbing."
Plagued by these conflicting feelings, I still couldn't help feeling a tingling ache spreading through my body just from Riku-chan's cool fingers on my shaft.
Haruto: "You don't need to tell me your impressions..."
Nervous tension and arousal mixed within me and prevented me from moving a finger. With the initiative seized like this, all I could do was entrust myself to Riku-chan.
All my nerves were concentrated on my erect member. I was overcome with the feeling that my heated body might melt her cold hand.
Riku: "Umm, I don't have any experience with this either, so you'll say something if I hurt you or anything, right?"
Haruto: "Huh...?"
I was still having trouble even grasping what was happening, but Riku-chan left me behind, moving on to the next stage of the activity.
Riku: "Mm... mm... I just have to... stimulate it like this, right...?"
Haruto: "Ugh... ah...... aah..."
Rub, rub... Slide, slide... Her hand slowly moved up and down and I quickly lost all ability to resist.
Up until now I'd been so surprised I could hardly process the situation, but I was finally forced to realize exactly how good a girl's hand could feel on me.
The sweet, tingling ache almost made me feel like my hips had melted and I couldn't help letting out a weak moan.
Riku: "That's a different sound than you've been making until now... It didn't hurt, did it?"
Haruto: "I-It didn't hurt, no... actually—"
What little reason I had left stopped the words from escaping my mouth. Continuing any more would mean raising the white flag.
All I can do is keep my mouth shut and endure. I had no confidence in anything else.
Riku: "I have no idea how much strength I should be putting into this. Should I squeeze harder?"
Haruto: "That'd be okay, but..."
What would be okay? There wasn't even a stable link between my head and my body anymore.
With permission, Riku-chan put power into her pretty fingers as if to say she'd only been testing the waters until now.
Riku: "Ngh... nh... haahh... nh... it's still getting harder... and moving... tell me if I'm squeezing too hard..."
Her fingers made a ring around me and diligently moved up and down. Now that I'd irresponsibly encouraged her, the regular movement of her fingers sped up and overwhelmed me.
Haruto: "Gh...!"
Riku: "How's this, Haruto-san? Haruto-san, you don't look well...?"
Haruto: "Er...m... ngh..."
I couldn't even reply, and covered my face with my right arm as if to escape from reality, but she saw my face stiff with pleasure before I made it.
Riku: "I think I got the message. I'll keep going..."
Riku: "Ngh... nh... mh... it's twitching..."
Every time she stimulated the tip, pleasure filled my brain and made me anticipate more and more from Riku-chan.
Riku: "Nh... mh... something's coming from the tip now... is this semen?"
When I checked to make sure, I found a clear fluid leaking from my tip.
Haruto: "Th-That's different... It comes out when it feels good... The real stuff comes out with more of a spurt..."
Riku: "So this feels good?"
Haruto: "...Well..."
Riku: "What a relief. This would all be for nothing if I was only causing you pain."
I couldn't tell what she was thinking from looking at her face, like always. Was this not embarrassing for Riku-chan? Personally, I'm so ashamed right now I want to just disappear.
I tried to look past her stony exterior to see what she was feeling, but the pleasure assaulting me wouldn't let me do that.
—Rub, rub, rub rub rub rub rub, squelch, squelch squelch!!
Haruto: "...Ah...... Riku-chan...!"
Riku: "The dry sound has become a wet one... The fluid you've let out is all over my fingers now..."
Riku: "See...? You can hear it, right...? That wet squelching sound... I never knew something like this would happen."
The sticky precum coming from my urethra dirtied Riku-chan's dainty fingers. Heavy waves of pleasure really started lapping at me from my very core.
Squelch, squelch. An indecent sound. Completely unfazed by this unknown fluid, Riku-chan continued rhythmically stroking my rod.
Riku: "I can get... my palm around it... nh, mh... ahh, the round part on top is still soft."
Her soft, delicate hand surrounded me, producing infinite pleasure in my exposed penis.
Riku: "You look like you're in a lot of pain, Haruto-san... If it hurts, I don't mind stopping..."
Haruto: "No, umm, that's...!"
Riku: "You can hardly even speak. So men get teary-eyed when you touch them gently here."
My little guy was leaking precum as if in capitulation and Riku-chan looked down at it scoldingly, speeding up her hands as if taking a carrot-and-stick approach to educating it.
Riku: "It's really a disgusting sound though, isn't it? This might wake Asahi-san."
Haruto: "###!!"
Riku: "Doesn't seem much like you can even afford to worry about that. I'll try to hurry then too."
Just as she'd announced, she put even more effort into her service. With a flick of her wrist, she covered my sensitive areas with precum as if what she'd done until now wasn't enough.
I don't know if she was aiming for it, but the ticklish way her fingers touched my head felt amazing.
Riku: "Mh... haahh... mh, mh, mh... I wonder what will happen... if I keep this up..."
Riku-chan seemed to be having misgivings about continuing, but the door to paradise was just before us.
Haruto: "Riku-chan, if you do any more... it'll... get on your face..."
Riku: "There's no point in worrying about that... If we stop in the middle, I'm sure you'll just build up even more stress..."
Riku: "Mh... mh... it's alright. Just relax and let out everything you're feeling."
Squelch squelch, squelch squelch squelch...
I can't... Riku-chan's hand just... feels... too good...
Something was welling up from my balls and I was just waiting for the explosion.
Riku: "Mm...ph... we're almost there... right...? Just hang on... I'll do my best too..."
Two emotions were maintaining a precarious balance inside me: the desire to reach climax and the desire to let Riku-chan keep touching me forever.
Riku: "Nh, mh, hahh, hahh, Haruto-san, you're shaking... Let it out quietly inside my hand, okay...?"
Riku: "If you don't, Asahi-san will... find out that we're doing something we shouldn't be... Hahh, nh, nnh!"
Haruto: "Ah—ah, Riku-chan...!"
I could feel all the desire I'd held down for as long as I could rushing out. I let it all go and gave myself to the pleasure.
Riku: "Nh, go ahead and let it out. Nh, nnh, nnnh, do it—I want to see you cum."
Sp-Spuuu#rt! Spu#rt, sp-spuuu#rt, spuuu#rt!
Riku: "Nh?! It's so strong—ah, if I don't hold it down, it'll get everywhere..."
Haruto: "Ah... haahh... ahh...... ahh......"
My mind hazy, I watched the white fluid explode out all over Riku-chan.
A long, long ejaculation. Her pale hand, covered in semen, stopped still and my throbbing penis endlessly dirtied her.
Haruto: "...R-Riku-chan..."
Riku: "Y-Yes. Mh...... mh...... I'll keep it up until it's over, so... get all of it out, okay...?"
Sp-Sp-Spurt... spurt...... spurt......
Haruto: "Ah... haahh..."
Riku: "...You look like you enjoyed that..."
Her gentle, enchanting guidance had pushed my arousal to its climax, and I could still feel the afterglow.
Riku: "Does it still feel good? Should I do more?"
Haruto: "No... That's enough..."
Riku-chan finished her ministrations, squeezing out the last drops all the way from the base.
As the pleasure subsided, I began to feel more clearly what I'd lost in exchange.
Haruto: "I can't get married anymore..."
Riku: "It's fine, if that happens, I'll take you, Haruto-san. You seem like you'd make a good house-husband, after all."
Haruto: "Huh? You..."
Riku-chan pulled her hand back and gave me a faint smile.
—If you're joking, you should smile. It was like the words I'd previously said made the true meaning behind that smile ambiguous.
Riku: "It's all in my hair too. I'll have to take a shower, huh?"
Haruto: "S-Sorry..."
Riku: "You don't need to apologize. You should probably change too, Haruto-san."
Riku-chan went off to the bathroom, leaving me exposed and immobile on the couch.
Riku: "Ah, and..."
Riku-chan turned and looked at me with her usual composure, even after what we'd just done.
Riku: "You don't really need to act like none of it ever happened, do you?"
Haruto: "......"
Riku: "I'm sorry for being so rude. But I wouldn't say this much to someone I didn't care at all about."
With that, this time Riku-chan really did disappear into the bathroom.
Haruto: "......"
All this weirdness—I'd be lying if I said I had no clue what this had been about.
Haruto: "...I'm pathetic."
A girl who's younger than me has been holding my hand all this time—and still, I can barely even walk. It makes me want to cry.
I know—that there are things I need to face right in front of me. But I can't take the plunge because I'm scared of feeling that way again.
Haruto: "Well, first I have to do something about this..."
What would Asahi say if she woke up and saw me like this...? I'm scared just thinking about it. I stopped ruminating and set about cleaning myself up.
That night, there was no trace of Mikuriya Akeno in my dreams.
====================E107.TXT====================
Asahi: "Haruto! Are the omelets done?"
Unable to wait for me to finish making breakfast, Asahi peered down at my hands while I was cooking.
Asahi: "...Those aren't omelets."
Haruto: "Sorry, we don't have the right kind of frying pan."
I artlessly stirred around the eggs on the frying pan we did have.
Haruto: "You'll have to make do with scrambled eggs. They're close enough, right?"
Asahi: "I won't complain about the food you make, Haruto. But I can't let that comment slide."
Suddenly her soft expression hardened all at once.
Haruto: "D-Did I say something weird...?"
Asahi: "Omelets and scrambled eggs are similar. I'll give you that."
Asahi: "But they're completely different foods! As evidenced by the fact that right now, you can make scrambled eggs, but you can't make omelets."
Haruto: "Not with this frying pan, no."
Asahi: "That difference is by no means insignificant."
Asahi: "Omelets are a sacred food whose very existence is only made possible with the use of a special frying pan."
Haruto: "Uh huh..."
Riku: "I'm not going to eat burned eggs again, just so you know."
Haruto: "Whoa—"
I remembered what I was doing when I heard Riku-chan's voice from the couch. Thanks to her warning, we avoided having to eat burned eggs two days in a row.
Haruto: "...So we should go buy a new frying pan, then?"
Asahi: "Heheh, let's go together♪"
Apparently forgiving me, Asahi went over to the couch where Riku-chan was, smiling innocently.
Our breakfast complete, I assembled everything atop the table.
Haruto: "Well, let's eat."
We only had the one couch, so the three of us all sat facing the same direction.
I was just about to start eating, but Asahi grabbed my hand and looked at me as if she'd seen something unbelievable.
Asahi: "We haven't said grace yet."
Haruto: "Huh? Yeah, but... I mean, do we have to?"
Asahi: "We have to! Of course we do!"
Haruto: "Sorry... Thanks for th—"
Asahi: "Wait. There's no point if you just say it by yourself. We all have to say it together."
Haruto: "Why?"
Asahi: "{Because}."
Riku: "Why not just do as she says? It's not as if the food is going to taste worse for it."
Haruto: "......"
Riku: "What?"
Haruto: "No, I just thought it was a bit unusual for you to say something like that, Riku-chan."
Riku: "Well, it isn't my first time dealing with someone set in their ways, after all."
Haruto: "???"
Riku: "Now, let's eat. Thanks for the meal."
Haruto: "Thanks for the meal."
Asahi: "...Thanks for the meal."
Riku-chan and I both just said the words, but Asahi diligently held her hands together in front of her and said the words quietly as if savoring the moment.
Asahi: "We couldn't do this yesterday, so I'm glad we could today."
Haruto: "That's right. You've been living alone for a long time, so you don't get to eat with people very much, do you, Asahi?"
Asahi's family is far away, so she can't see them often—that's what she told me. It seems a little far from the truth, though.
But I don't really want to dwell too much on that. It's a sensitive issue, so it's not right to bring it up so crassly.
Asahi: "Atorin, is something wrong with your hand? You didn't hurt it yesterday, did you?"
Riku-chan had her right hand in front of her and was staring at it silently.
Riku: "No, I didn't hurt it, but I was doing something I'm not used to, so maybe it's a little sore."
Haruto: "Gfnph?!"
Asahi: "Haruto, are you okay?!"
Haruto: "Gweh... it went up my nose...! Oh my god, it went up my nose?!"
Riku: "That's disgusting. How can you say something like that when we're eating?"
Haruto: "I-It's your fault, Riku-chan...!"
Asahi: "Why is it Atorin's fault?"
Haruto: "W-Well, because... no, never mind, it was my fault."
I would need to explain what had happened last night in order to make it clear where the blame lay, but I couldn't do that, of course.
I gave up and accepted the blame. Not that I could really say it wasn't my fault anyway...
Haruto: "There's a grain of rice way in there and I can't get it..."
Asahi: "One sec."
Asahi pulled out a few tissues from atop the table.
Asahi: "Now blow."
Haruto: "It's okay, I can do it."
Asahi: "It's fine. Come on."
Haruto: "Okay..."
Haruto: "Hmph!"
I closed my mouth and blew out of my nose like she'd told me to.
Haruto: "Ah, got it."
Asahi: "You're right! Good."
Haruto: "It's gross, you don't have to look at it."
Asahi: "Why? It's not gross. It's just rice."
Asahi: "And it's not some random person's. You're not gross at all, Haruto."
Asahi: "Oh, your nose is dripping. Here, let me wipe it."
Riku: "......"
Riku: "Are you newlyweds?"
Asahi: "?!"
Her voice was as monotone as always, yet the jab was merciless. Asahi pulled her hand back and hung her head.
Haruto: "R-Riku-chan...!"
Riku: "Oh, I'm sorry, that's just what it looked like to me."
Riku: "......"
Riku: "I had a thought just now."
Haruto: "...Yes?"
Riku: "You know nails? Like on the ends of a person's fingers."
Haruto: "Yeah, I know..."
Riku: "There's nothing odd about nails attached to fingers. They're just a pretty part of the hand, right?"
Riku: "But when you look at nail clippings that people cut off, you're filled with this indescribable disgust, right?"
Haruto: "...Uh huh..."
Riku: "I was thinking, 'ah, maybe that's what I'm feeling' as I looked at you."
Haruto: "What...?"
Riku: "Please just forget I said anything. It's nothing but conjecture."
Haruto: "...Erm, I'd prefer if you kept thoughts like that to yourself."
No matter how good someone is at baseball, they probably can't catch two fly balls at once.
Maybe that's what I'm feeling, I thought.
After breakfast, we headed out to the entertainment district.
We weren't going out to tip one back, of course. It was to find something that could play the tape we'd found last night.
But we didn't really have any ideas, so we had to just try all the electronics stores and second hand shops we could find.
But it had been a few hours already, and we couldn't find one no matter where we went.
Haruto: "Maybe we'll have to go to a big store closer to the city center..."
Riku: "I can't imagine even a large store would have space on its shelves for an item that's not in demand anymore, though."
We were stuck, standing in the street in the middle of the day. I wouldn't be surprised if someone yelled at us for blocking traffic.
???/Ageha: "Fuck are you doing blocking traffic here? It's killin' me how inconsiderate you jerks are, so maybe I should actually kill myself just to give you somethin' to worry about!"
See? I hurried over to the side of the road to make way, but the person who'd yelled at us didn't move.
Ageha: "Huh? Oh, it's just Harucchi."
Haruto: "Ageha-san?"
Ageha: "Whatcha up to? Oh, there's more of 'em! Ah, so you {are} makin' progress on that harem plan a' yours."
Haruto: "N-No! It's nothing like that...!"
Ageha: "Hmm? Well, I don't mind. No matter what indecency you get up to in that room, since I'm lending it to you, it's yours. And there aren't any hidden cameras in there, don't worry."
Haruto: "Please choose your words more carefully... We're out in broad daylight..."
I was reminded that the arrogant impression I'd had of her wasn't wrong.
Ageha: "So? Afternoon on a weekday and you're out on a carefree date? Nice, nice, that's the privilege of the youth."
Asahi: "...Haruto, who is this? Do you know her?"
Come to think of it, Asahi hasn't met Ageha-san. "She owns the place we live in"—I was about to tell her, but I swallowed my words.
Asahi was glaring daggers at Ageha-san from beside me.
Haruto: "What's wrong? Have you met before?"
Asahi: "No. But she's a liar."
Ageha: "That's not true! I never lie! 'Lying's the one thing you must never do'... that's what it said in my late mother's will, rest her soul..."
Asahi: "Well, it looks that way to me. Her face is coated with lies too. That's a foolish thing to do, creating a false self like that."
Haruto: "Her face? You mean her makeup?"
Ageha: "Oh, you're plenty welcome to stick to your principles, little miss honesty."
Asahi: "I won't deceive anyone. Now or in the future. If I did, I wouldn't be able to make it to the Land of Dreams."
Ageha: "Ah, it's a shame what drugs can do to a young mind..."
Haruto: "Please don't worry about it. It's like an inside joke... Anyway, can I ask you something?"
Ageha: "My measurements? They're 92-62-89. Shall I crush you with my self-absorbed body?"
Haruto: "No, that's not—wait, 92?! You really are self-absorbed!"
Ageha: "Just kiddiiing. I'm like a machine that just spews fibs whenever I open my mouth. But I know my curves are at least more impressive than those twooo!"
Riku: "Asahi-san, she's telling us to die, you know?"
Asahi: "Haruto, she's the worst. She's a degenerate!"
Ageha: "Maybe that was a little too intense for a pure boy like you. If you want another good look, just hit me up all quiet-like, 'kay♪"
Haruto: "That's alright. Actually, what we're looking for is a machine that plays video tapes."
The conversation had gotten so off-course I was worried there'd be an accident, but I tried to steer it back on track.
Ageha: "Video tapes? Tapes... what year do you think it is? You're talking about the things where you accidentally record over porn and regret it, right?"
Haruto: "Right. Well, you're not right, but you're talking about the right thing."
Ageha: "Isn't there more convenient stuff nowadays? What, you into the retro thing?"
Haruto: "We can't share the details, but that's what we need right now."
Ageha: "Hmm. Well, I won't pry..."
As we couldn't tell her we'd acquired the video by attacking a government facility, I was relieved that Ageha-san didn't press me for more info.
Ageha: "Oh, I might have one of those."
Haruto: "Really?!"
Ageha: "Yeah, one I used way back when. I sort of get the feeling I didn't want to go to the effort of throwing it away, so I just tossed it in storage with some other stuff..."
Haruto: "Umm, I don't suppose we could borrow it...?!"
Ageha: "Hell, I'll give it to you. But I dunno if I really still have it, or if it still works either..."
Haruto: "That's fine. Please lend it to us."
Ageha: "Well, if you say so, Harucchi. I'll go dig through my storage. Could be other usable stuff in there too."
Haruto: "Thank you so much!"
Ageha: "What time is it?"
Haruto: "One in the afternoon."
Ageha: "Then in three hours, I'll come see you guys at four. And if I don't show, just figure I tricked you and cry about it!"
Haruto: "Alright, we'll be waiting."
Ageha: "So serious. Yeah, I really gotta say pure boys like you aren't my type at all."
Waving her hand languidly at us, Ageha-san disappeared into the crowded streets.
Haruto: "Great, now we might have a shot at this."
Asahi: "It'll be fine. I'm sure she'll find it."
Haruto: "Where does all that confidence come from?"
Asahi: "The wishes of those who remember to do the right thing will always come true. So I'm sure your wish will come true too, Haruto."
Riku: "Well, good. If Asahi-san says so, there can be no doubt. I'm almost envious."
Haruto: "Not you too, Riku-chan..."
Asahi: "I'm sure your wishes will come true too, Atorin!"
Riku: "Why me too?"
Asahi: "Well, you're our partner too, aren't you? We wouldn't let you be left out."
Riku: "Wait, you're not trying to rope me into your weirdness, are you?"
Haruto: "We'd love to have you!"
Riku: "...I'm starting to get a headache."
Asahi: "Hey, what is your wish, Atorin?"
Riku: "My... wish...?"
Asahi: "Right. I'm going to the Land of Dreams. Haruto's going to beat the bad guys."
Haruto: "'Beat the bad guys'... Well, I guess that's not wrong..."
Asahi: "What about you, Atorin? Is it the same as Haruto's?"
Riku: "I—"
She seemed to be lost for words. That was rare for her, since Riku-chan's usually so quick to point out what's black and what's white.
After thinking for a while, she realized we were staring at her and quickly raised her head.
Riku: "World peace, perhaps?"
Asahi: "What a grand dream! That's amazing! I knew you were worthy of being our partner, Atorin."
Asahi: "You're a special person, with a noble heart."
Riku: "Let's say I asked her to explain to me what a 'noble heart' was. What would happen?"
Haruto: "I think she'd tell you. Not that I've asked or anything."
Riku: "That sounds wise."
Riku-chan and I shared a glance between us that spoke more than words.
Asahi: "So what'll we do now?"
Haruto: "Well, we don't have any other plans, so I guess we should just go back and kill time until Ageha-san shows up."
Asahi: "Let's go there, then!"
Riku: "There?"
Asahi: "The place our three fates first crossed."
Riku: "......?"
Riku-chan and I exchanged another glance.
Apparently we'd been tied together by fate at some point.
Asahi brought us to a familiar shopping mall.
Asahi: "This brings me back. I haven't been here since that day last year either."
Haruto: "......"
Asahi: "What is it, Haruto?"
Haruto: "Do you want to go somewhere else? There are too many people here."
Wanted as we were, I was always aware of the risks of appearing in public places like this.
Actually, we avoided leaving the entertainment district as much as possible outside of when we were attacking places. If we ever ran into BURST, things could get ugly fast.
Asahi: "Well, if you really don't want to be here, Haruto..."
Asahi's shoulders drooped like a child who'd just been scolded. Just the sight of it made me feel like I'd done wrong.
Riku: "I'm sure it's fine. You could also say that the more people there are around, the harder it would be to find us."
Haruto: "You think so?"
Riku: "Though if you can survive the pangs of your conscience, all you need to do is refuse Asahi-san's suggestion."
Haruto: "...It'll probably be fine if we're not here for too long."
It was like watching a wilted bud instantaneously bloom.
Asahi: "Let's go, then♪ Come on♪"
Haruto: "Wawah, you don't need to hurry so much—"
Asahi: "Heheh♪"
Asahi sidled up to my arm, her face a beautiful flower of a smile.
Haruto: "H-Hey, Asahi...?!"
Asahi: "Yeah?"
I smelled that sweet scent that seemed unique to girls. Meaning we were close enough for me to—
And as if to drive the final nail into the coffin, I felt somewhere near my elbow a softness even more pronounced than the rest of her, seemingly scheming to rob me of my last vestiges of calm.
Th-This must be Asahi's—
Haruto: "Wait, were those manju..."
Asahi: "You want to eat manju?"
Haruto: "N-Nothing! That's not it, I was just hoping you'd take a step or two back..."
Asahi: "...You don't like it when I'm close to you, Haruto?"
Another attack at my conscience. And this time, since she was so close to me, she had to look up at me, making the effect that much worse.
Haruto: "Riku-chan, please, do something..."
Riku: "Sufferin' succotash..."
Haruto: "Huh? That's kind of out of the blue..."
Riku: "No, please don't worry about it. I just thought it sounded appropriate for the circumstances, so I couldn't help but say that."
Riku: "If you don't like it, then just shake her off. Though that's probably a cruel thing to ask of you, of course."
Riku: "I bet if you got married you'd be the type who couldn't say no to your wife."
Haruto: "I think dealing with my current peril is probably more important than worrying about any future trouble I could get into..."
Riku: "You know, wishy-washy people like you are only that way because they're trying to be nice."
Riku: "If you think about it that way, it's not necessarily terrible, is it? The world's quite severely lacking in niceness, after all."
Haruto: "Thanks for the validation. But you're saying that fully aware that it does nothing to help me, right?"
Riku: "What does it matter, really? You look like the perfect couple from any angle right now."
Riku: "And I think that's more convenient if we want to avoid our pursuers' eyes."
Asahi: "Atorin."
Riku: "Yes?"
Asahi: "You're on this side, Atorin. C'mere."
Riku: "...Is that open hand of yours supposed to be my spot?"
Asahi: "You're our partner! The three of us have to stick together."
Riku: "I'm sorry, Haruto-san. Please do something."
Haruto: "I'm too nice to make Asahi cry."
Riku: "That's what people call 'wishy-washy,' you know."
Asahi pulled Riku-chan to her as she glared spitefully at me.
Asahi: "Now, let's hurry♪ Our destination is right there."
Haruto: "Haha, we're more like family than a couple now."
Riku: "I think I now understand the feelings of a parent taking their child out on a day off."
Haruto: "Asahi's actually older than you though, just so you know."
Asahi: "Jingle bells#, jingle bells#, jingle all the way#♪"
Asahi sung along to the music playing from the outdoor speakers.
Come to think of it, it's that season again, isn't it—
Asahi led us to a familiar location. The arcade was the same as it had been last year, with the same cabinet sitting outside it.
It was the photo booth where the three of us had ended up getting a picture together for whatever reason last year. The memory played back faintly in my mind.
The one thing that was different was—
Asahi: "Ah..."
On the part of the machine where you put in money, there was a piece of paper that said "out-of-order" on it.
Haruto: "Was this what you wanted to do, Asahi?"
Asahi: "......"
She didn't answer. But it was obvious that her hopes had been dashed from the look on her face.
I didn't want to see her like that, so I looked around. It didn't have to be the same cabinet. If we could find another machine, we could achieve her goal.
But they didn't have another photo booth either inside or outside the arcade.
Haruto: "Well, if it's broken, there's nothing we can do about it..."
Asahi: "You can't fix it, Haruto?"
Haruto: "Huh?! O-Of course not...!"
Asahi: "But you fixed my diary. You really don't think you can do anything about it?"
Haruto: "I mean... it's not something that can be fixed with just some thread and a needle... and we can't touch it without permission anyway."
Asahi: "That's right... I'm sorry for being unreasonable."
Asahi visibly deflated. While I was scrambling to think of something to fix this, I heard from behind...
Riku: "Umm, do we just want to take a picture?"
Haruto: "Have an idea?"
Riku: "There was some sign about photography in a crowd that we walked past earlier."
Riku: "I don't know exactly what's going on, but we should probably go back there if you want to take a picture."
Haruto: "What should we do, Asahi?"
If she just wants to take a picture, there are ways other than this machine. But if it's doing the same thing we did last year that has meaning, we don't really have an alternative.
What will her values dictate—this is all up to Asahi. I'd like for her to go with Riku-chan's suggestion so that she doesn't look so miserable, though.
Asahi: "You're right, let's go. There isn't just this one way."
Haruto: "One way? Well, if you're okay with it, Asahi..."
Yeah, I don't really understand the way Asahi thinks. But if she's okay with it, then it's probably fine.
As proof of that, her dejected expression from earlier was gone and that beautiful light was back in her eyes.
Staff: "We're holding a photography event for Christmastime! You can participate right now without having to wait!"
We followed Riku-chan back down the way we came and found people dressed up as Santa Claus on the side of the streets calling out to passersby.
Haruto: "Looks like an event the mall is sponsoring. You can take pictures dressed up as Santa."
I figured pretty much everything out looking at the sign sitting on the ground. You can borrow the costumes for free and take pictures in them.
Riku: "What? I didn't hear anything about that. Whose idea was it to come here, anyway?"
Haruto: "That would be you, Riku-chan."
Riku: "I didn't know this was what's going on here. Let's leave right away."
Haruto: "Why? It's a little weird, but it should fulfill Asahi's wish."
Riku: "Is there anything in that head of yours? We're wanted criminals. What good will it do going out of our way to stand out like this?"
Haruto: "Well, that's true..."
Riku: "Anyway, why should we have to do something as humiliating as dress up in costumes in front of other people?"
Staff: "Hey, you kids look like good friends! Why not take a picture?"
The lady in charge of the event came over to us. Seems she thought we were interested since we were nearby.
Haruto: "What do we do...?"
Riku: "Well I for one am not interested. If you absolutely must, the two of you are welcome to do it by yourselves."
Asahi: "You have to do it too, Atorin."
Riku: "Huh...?"
Asahi: "There's no point if it isn't the three of us. So please?"
Riku: "Even if you beg me..."
Asahi: "...You don't want to?"
Riku: "Ugh..."
When Asahi pleaded with her, Riku-chan wore an unusually troubled look on her face. And maybe because of the height difference between them, that upward look of Asahi's was having a profound effect on Riku-chan.
Riku: "......"
Riku-chan's eyes alone slid their way over to me.
I didn't really know what she was looking for, so I decided to reply with a wink.
Riku: "...Haahh, it was my mistake to expect anything from you."
She gave a deep, resigned sigh.
Riku: "Very well, do as you like. It's not going to be my fault if anything happens."
Haruto: "You don't mind? If you really don't want to, you shouldn't force yourself."
Riku: "If you can bear the guilt, then I'd love for you to turn her down, Haruto-san."
Asahi: "I don't want to force anyone to do something that isn't true to themselves. If you really can't accept something, you must make sure to reject it."
Riku: "If you had that much consideration, I'd appreciate you showing it sooner."
Riku-chan closed her eyes and combed a hand through her hair. She seemed to be resolving herself to do something.
Riku: "There aren't actually that many things I really can't abide. Most of them I just find a little disagreeable."
Riku: "I suppose I'd prefer this to the lasting annoyance of guilt, which feels like a little bone stuck in my throat."
Riku: "In other words, what I'm trying to say is that if you keep dilly-dallying, I'm liable to change my mind."
Asahi: "Thanks, Atorin♪"
Now that Riku-chan's agreed to it, I can't possibly object.
We informed the person in charge that we were interested and were led to dressing rooms set up nearby.
Staff: "Okaaay, we're gonna take a shot, so smiiile!"
After changing, we did as we were told and mounted a reindeer seat.
Asahi was in front, then Riku-chan, then me—three people was just about as many riders as the seat could take, and I was perched so precariously at the back that I was almost about to fall off.
Riku: "......"
Haruto: "What's wrong, Riku-chan?"
Riku: "I'm not sure what to say to that except 'look at me.' Do you need more of an explanation?"
Haruto: "It is a little embarrassing... But it's my first time dressing up like Santa, so it's a little new, you know? And you two look good."
Riku: "Don't you think I have a slightly different outfit than you two? Like mine's the only one that comes from some shady cosplay store?"
Haruto: "That's not true. Maybe it shows off a little more skin, but it's cute."
Riku: "......"
Haruto: "H-Huh? Are you angry...?"
Riku: "Not really. This is coming from you, so I'm sure there's no deep meaning behind it."
Asahi: "Dashing through the snow#, in a one-horse open sleigh#♪"
Staff: "That's a good smiiile! I'm gonna take a few mooore!"
We all sat on the reindeer and looked toward the camera.
I guess it wasn't meant for three adults to fit on it, so I barely had any room to sit in the back. I was so unstable back there it was all I could do not to fall off.
Haruto: "Wawah—?!"
Sure enough, I almost lost my balance and had to cling to Riku-chan as quick as I could.
Haruto: "S-Sorry, Riku-chan—"
Haruto: "Huh? Riku-chan, are you carrying some melons around?"
Riku: "...No."
Haruto: "Then what are these? There's some big things here?"
Riku: "I don't mind telling you, but I'm afraid I'll have no choice but to get angry at you once you find out."
Asahi: "What are you two talking about?"
Riku: "Oh, nothing at all. It's nothing the two of you need to concern yourselves over one bit."
Asahi: "Really? Well, alright then. Hey, don't you two feel like we could fly?"
Riku: "By 'fly,' you mean...?"
Asahi: "Get in a sled and fly around, delivering presents to all the kids of the world. Don't you think that would be amazing?"
Riku: "Unfortunately we don't have the funds to be able to hand out presents."
Asahi: "If we could fly, I'm sure we could find a magic white bag too. And with that, we could bring happiness to everyone."
Haruto: "A magic white bag?"
Asahi: "A magic bag that can produce one thing every child wants. And if I were Santa Claus, I would go straight to you, Haruto."
Asahi: "What would you want, Haruto?"
Haruto: "What I want..."
What I really wanted I could no longer obtain. Even Santa Claus couldn't grant my wish.
But if it were Asahi—the truly amazing thing about Asahi was that she could make you think she could, if only the tiniest bit.
Haruto: "Well then I'd want a better frying pan so I can make omelets, and then I'd make some for the Asahi Santa. As thanks for the present."
Asahi: "That'd be great♪ Then I wouldn't get hungry on my trip. Thanks, Haruto♪"
Riku: "......"
Asahi: "Something wrong, Atorin?"
Riku: "No. Just thinking that it's a little tough with this coming at me from both front and behind. It's hard enough just dealing with one of you; when there's two, I don't stand a chance."
Asahi: "It's okay, I'd go to you after Haruto, Atorin♪"
Riku: "I have no earthly idea how that statement is at all connected to my previous thoughts, but if you say so, I'm sure it is okay. Yes, okay, indeed."
Asahi: "Heheh♪ Dashing through the snow#, in a one-horse open sleigh#♪"
We had a few more pictures taken of us after that and Asahi was on cloud nine the whole time. Even if we didn't understand exactly why, her good cheer was infectious. I wasn't bored and I don't think Riku-chan was either.
Asahi: "Are you two hungry?"
After our photo shoot, Asahi's words made me realize just how hungry I was.
Riku: "Yes, I suppose it's around that time."
Asahi: "Let's eat something! There's a lot that looks good."
There was all sorts of food being sold on the open streets, and tables and chairs set up just right for some outdoor eating.
Haruto: "I'm fine with anything. Whatever you two want to eat."
Asahi: "That won't do. You have to choose properly too, Haruto."
Haruto: "Alright."
What won't do simply won't do. I'm used to Asahi enough to quickly acquiesce to something like this.
Asahi: "I know, let's all choose something and bring them back."
Asahi: "We'll all gather at that table when we've bought them. Does that sound okay?"
Riku: "I don't mind..."
Haruto: "If you two are okay with that. I wouldn't want anyone complaining after we've already bought stuff."
Following Asahi's proposal, we all split up for the time being.
Well, what should I get?
This is the biggest mall on Agartha. Its food court has plenty of different options.
If it were just me, it'd be easy enough to get some ramen or something, but I need to remember that there are three of us. Since Asahi and Riku-chan are each buying something too, I can't get something too filling.
Haruto: "What should I buy?"
???/Ruu: "Having some trouble deciding?"
While I stood before the stands, I heard a sweet voice from behind me.
Haruto: "Ah, you're—?!"
Ruu: "It's Ruu. You forgot? That's just awful!"
Her cheeks puffed up in just the sort of cute way you'd expect from a girl her age. It's just that her name didn't come to mind right away, not that I'd forgotten.
Ruu: "It's been a while, huh? How've you been?"
Haruto: "...Well, okay enough, I guess."
To tell the truth, my whole life had been turned upside down since back then, but I couldn't exactly tell this girl everything, so I settled on an ambiguous response.
Ruu: "Are you here alone? If so, would you like to go on a date with Ruu?"
Haruto: "Sorry, I'm here with friends. I do have something I want to ask you, though."
It's been a year since I've talked with her. But I've seen her face more recently than that.
Haruto: "You were there at the press conference for the Ministry of Magic, right? Do you work for them?"
Ruu: "Why would you ask something like that? You wouldn't happen to be curious about Ruu, would you?"
Haruto: "Yeah, I guess I am. I want to know the reason you were there."
Ruu: "Well alright, I don't mind telling you special, fella."
Ruu: "But I can't just tell you for free now, can I? I'll have to get something in return..."
Haruto: "In return...?"
Ruu: "Like..."
She beckoned me with her hand to bring my face closer, so I bent over a little to put my face level with hers.
I was expecting to hear a secret that no one else could find out about. But what I got was something completely different.
Ruu: "Smooch."
Haruto: "—?!"
Ruu: "Eheheh, I got your lips, fella♪"
Haruto: "Wh- Wh-Wh-Wh-Why would you—?!"
Ruu: "Kissing is just a way of showing one's love. Don't you know that?"
Haruto: "S-Still, doing it without someone's consent is wrong!"
Ruu: "...Did you not like it? Did it feel bad being kissed by Ruu...?"
Haruto: "Huh...? No, that's not—"
Ruu: "That's good, then♪ Ah, right, did you have something you wanted to ask Ruu?"
Haruto: "Huh? Something I wanted to ask...? Did I?"
Ruu: "Well, if you don't, that's fine. You don't need to know yet, after all. And Ruu has some work of her own to do right now, so she can't exactly dilly-dally here."
Haruto: "Oh, I'm sorry. I hope I haven't kept you."
Ruu: "Don't worry about it. I was happy to see you after such a long time too."
Ruu: "You shouldn't exactly be taking your time either though, should you, fella? You're here with your little friends, aren't you?"
Haruto: "That's right! I have to hurry and buy something—"
Ruu: "Well then, until we meet again. Hopefully next time we can have our date."
Haruto: "But we have no idea if we'll see each other again."
Ruu: "Oh, no, I'm sure we will. It's guaranteed, if Ruu says so."
Before I could object to that baseless confidence, she'd already mixed in with the crowd and drifted away.
Haruto: "She's a strange girl as always... Oh, I really need to hurry, though..."
I remembered the mission I'd been given. The two of them might be waiting for me.
Haruto: "I'll go there."
I looked around me and arrived at what I felt was the most correct decision.
More than anything, it'd be wrong to make those two wait. It wouldn't be playing fair.
Haruto: "Sorry, sorry. You weren't waiting for me, were you?"
Riku: "I'm not bothered. I had a feeling you'd be the slowest, Haruto-san."
Haruto: "Ugh... I want to protest, but I can't find the words..."
Asahi: "Haruto, siddown, siddown♪"
Haruto: "Mm."
The three of us sat at a round table. On the table were the various foods we'd each bought.
Riku: "Well, we've all made our purchases now."
Haruto: "......"
I don't think I've ever seen a more apt example of the phrase "different strokes for different folks." The individuality of each of our choices almost seemed to be representations of our very selves.
Haruto: "Riku-chan... that's yakitori, right?"
Riku: "It is. Are you not fond of it?"
Haruto: "I like it enough, but... it's very brown. It's not like we're at a bar..."
Riku: "Are you trying to tell me yakitori sold outside of bars is illegal?"
Haruto: "Well, no, but it's like, it's not very girly..."
Riku: "And what about you, Haruto-san? Aren't crepes things girls usually buy?"
Haruto: "I bought these because I was with you two... but I guess I wanted to eat them too."
Asahi: "There's nothing to worry about, you two. I think they both look good."
Asahi said, plucking out some of the cotton candy she was holding and bringing it to her mouth.
Asahi: "Here, Atorin, you have some too. Say, 'ahh.'"
Riku: "Mf, mf."
Asahi: "Well? It's good, right♪?"
Riku: "It's very sweet."
The two of them moved their mouths, unconcerned with me.
Haruto: "Well, uh... what should I start with...?"
Riku: "There's no use grieving over the current state of affairs. It's unfortunate, but you just have to accept it. This is who we are."
Asahi: "Here, Haruto. You say 'ahh' too."
It's just as Riku-chan says. There's no point lamenting it. And if you look at them all separately, they are all good.
Asahi: "Well? Is it good?"
Haruto: "Yeah. It's so sweet it'd probably hurt to eat it all yourself, but it's perfect split between the three of us."
Asahi: "Good. There's plenty left, so eat a lot, okay?"
I'm worried that if I keep eating the cotton candy, the crepe won't taste sweet to me at all.
But this is fine. If Asahi's happy, then this is the right thing to do.
Asahi: "I'll go get something to drink."
After we'd put away everything we'd gathered, I realized what had been lacking. Nobody had bought anything to parch our thirst. No wonder my throat was feeling dry.
Haruto: "Should I come with?"
Asahi: "I'll be fine. You wait here with Atorin, Haruto."
Before I could stop her, Asahi got out of her chair and walked off into the crowd.
Riku: "Is this alright?"
Haruto: "I'm sure she'll bring back enough for all of us. She said to leave it to her, so..."
Riku: "No, it's more that I'm feeling a little anxious about what she'll choose."
Haruto: "Ahh... no, you're just worrying too much. She's probably just going to the closest vending machine, and I doubt they're selling too much weird stuff."
Riku: "If you say so..."
Just because Asahi had left, our conversation died down quite a lot.
Riku-chan's just never been one to worry about silence, and I'm not the type to push needless conversations either. I think I'm like that, at least.
But because of the difference between now and how things had been a minute ago, I felt like I needed to find something to talk about.
Haruto: "You're getting along with Asahi better than I thought you would, Riku-chan."
Riku: "What are you trying to say? Do you think I have some communication disorder?"
Haruto: "No, I just thought you were the type to distance yourself a little more. It seemed that way when we first met, at least."
Riku: "Well, I can't say I'm completely ignorant of what you're talking about."
Riku-chan gave a little sigh, then started speaking in the way she usually does.
Riku: "Normal people stop trying to get close to you when you're not particularly inviting."
Riku: "But I'd never encountered someone as intense as her, so I was a little confused at first."
Haruto: "Yeah, Asahi's pretty intense, in all sorts of ways."
Riku: "It's pointless to tighten your defenses when someone decides they'll break right through them after you shut them out again and again."
Riku: "Plus it's not as if I dislike Asahi-san. I get the feeling this sort of thing isn't bad."
Riku: "It's just that I'm not really used to it."
Haruto: "Used to what?"
Riku: "All of this. I've never happily chatted over a meal with people my age before."
I thought back to how she was at school. I couldn't remember a single time I saw her interacting with someone else.
Riku: "She has things I don't. I respect her, and... it may be that I feel a bit timid around her, too."
Haruto: "Timid? You?"
Riku: "Is that surprising? I know I don't look it, but I am younger than you two."
Haruto: "I know that, but I can't really picture you looking nervous..."
Riku: "I just don't let it show on my face. You never know. Maybe on the inside, I'm completely overwhelmed by her radiance."
Haruto: "Maybe?"
Riku: "I'll leave it to your imagination. I hope you can remember even a little bit that I'm just your frail underclassman."
Haruto: "Frail underclassmen aren't usually so good at beating up BURST."
Riku-chan almost smiled at that.
Riku: "I can't believe you'd say that about me. I really did used to be frail, though. Physically, at least."
Haruto: "Come to think of it, you said something about being hospitalized?"
Riku: "Yes, and it was so grave the doctors all declared me a lost cause."
Haruto: "Huh? It was that bad...? I'm glad you recovered."
Riku: "What are you looking so relieved for? It's not like you were there at the time."
Haruto: "Yeah, but I really am glad you're okay. I mean, if you weren't, we wouldn't have even met."
Riku: "That's true. If you were on your own, I'm sure you would have been captured long ago and you'd be getting experimented on or whatnot right about now."
Haruto: "That hits home... Yeah, I really don't know what I'd be doing now if I didn't have you, Riku-chan."
I don't think I would have even gotten to the point where I could be captured by our enemies if I were on my own. My heart would be completely lost to its darkness; I wouldn't even be trying to expose this conspiracy.
I owe Riku-chan more than I can possibly repay her.
So if Riku-chan ever needs help, I'll repay my debt to her no matter what I have to sacrifice to do so. It would be wrong not to. It wouldn't be playing fair.
Haruto: "But if the doctors all gave up on you, how did you recover?"
Riku: "At the time, magic's existence had just come to light, and it was beginning to be incorporated into various technologies."
Riku: "With all the technological innovations due to magic, new paths opened up to people. I was one of them."
Haruto: "So you were cured with magic?"
Riku: "Well, with the new technology it led to. I suppose it doesn't much matter to me which it is, of course."
The emergence of magic sent society into a panic, and the ripples of that confusion are still causing problems today.
But there are people like Riku-chan whose lives have changed for the better because of magic. If it isn't used wrongly, magic has some wonderful possibilities hidden in it.
Riku: "After my narrow escape from death, I awoke to a certain power. Like when the protagonist of a manga gets stronger after almost dying."
Haruto: "A certain power?"
Riku: "My magic aptitude increased dramatically. Not only that, but while each mage should only be proficient with one attribute, I became proficient with several."
There are major limitations to the kind of magic each individual can use. I can use fire magic, for instance, but not water.
You can adjust your strengths and weaknesses somewhat with training, but the attributes you're born with won't change until you die.
Riku: "That's when I started doing Magi testing."
Riku: "They gathered data on somebody with aptitude in multiple magic attributes, and I was made to contribute to Atori's Magi development as well."
Riku: "'Was made to' is perhaps a harsh way to put it. I did consent to the testing, at least."
Riku: "Eventually my work outgrew mere Magi testing and people began referring to me as the 'Collector.'"
Riku: "You're familiar with that part of the story, Haruto-san."
Haruto: "You really left an impression on me, so I still remember it like it was yesterday."
A mysterious mask, the night sky at her back—that was how Riku-chan and I first met, and there's probably not a more dramatic way to meet someone.
Riku: "That's right. You've probably noticed, but the Magi we use are fundamentally different than regular ones."
Haruto: "Huh? Are they really?"
Riku: "...I'm sorry, that was a mistake on my part. I should have explained."
Haruto: "???"
She looked at me with a strange expression that was a mix of pity and pain. Had I said something strange?
Riku: "'Magi' is a general word that refers to all devices incorporating Magitronics."
Riku: "Meaning anything with that technology is a Magi, be it a rice cooker or a rifle. But I'll limit my explanation here to lethal weapons."
Riku: "Normally these Magi are made so that anyone can get results with them to a certain extent, regardless of their magical aptitude."
Riku: "Magic is produced when a mage takes Elements from the atmosphere and processes them in their body, but normally a Magi performs that process itself."
Riku: "BURST's equipment, for instance, is like that. Anyone can produce magic with one of them just by pulling the trigger."
Haruto: "Right. I remember learning that."
Riku: "Oh? I thought for sure you would have shirked those studies, Haruto-san."
Haruto: "...Well, I learned stuff about BURST no matter what I did, because of where I was living."
There were two people close to me involved with it, after all. Even if I'd plugged my ears, information like that would have found its way into them anyway.
Riku: "I suppose that's true. This will be quick, then. The Magi we're using double their efficacy by running the Elements through our bodies first."
Haruto: "So they work just like magic?"
Riku: "Yes. So they can't be used by anyone without a certain level of aptitude."
Riku: "They called these 'high-end devices' at Atori."
Haruto: "...'High-end devices'? I've never heard that before."
Riku: "I'm not surprised. Their development was top-secret."
Riku: "And that's only natural, as they had no possible use other than as weapons, unlike regular Magi."
Haruto: "But what were they planning on using them for?"
Riku: "I don't know that much myself. And almost all of the high-end devices that finished testing just went right into storage afterward."
Riku: "After all, the more efficiently they were made, the fewer the people who could actually use them."
Riku: "I wouldn't have been able to nab them otherwise."
Haruto: "...I had no idea they were so special."
Riku: "I think you'd realize after using them that they're not quite normal... The hands-free extraction is a feature that hasn't been publicly implemented yet either."
It's not as if we walk around with our Magi in combat mode all the time. When we don't need them, they're kept in a smaller form, like a keychain.
The way they transform when we need them is certainly not a feature of most Magi.
Riku: "This sort of thing is probably related in some way to the government's shady deals with Atori."
Atori is such a big corporation there's practically no one in the country who doesn't know the name—so no one would expect them to be working with the government and conducting unlawful research.
Haruto: "You're a part of Atori, but you're trying to disturb that foundation of theirs."
Haruto: "Is that because you don't like them misusing the magic that saved your life?"
Riku: "I'm not driven by such a dramatic sense of purpose, but... something like that, I suppose."
Riku: "I think it's natural to try to stop someone when you look at them objectively and see that they're doing something wrong. Especially if they're family."
Family—that should refer to all of Atori, but I had the feeling she meant one person in particular.
Haruto: "You were pretty close to Akeno-san, weren't you, Riku-chan? What do you think about her now...?"
Riku: "......"
The conversation had gone on without pause until now, but that suddenly changed... if only for just a second, as she regained her composure quickly.
Riku: "She's fully aware that I'm trying to expose their secrets. If she tells me now 'actually, maybe don't do that,' I'm not humoring her."
Haruto: "If we end up having to fight Akeno-san in the future.."
I'm not even considering the unlikely event of Riku-chan betraying us, but if we keep going like we are, we might have to face off against Mikuriya Akeno one of these days.
If that happens, will Riku-chan be able to act like she has until now? Will she be able to keep doing what she thinks is right—
The worry flitted through my mind because Riku-chan seemed a little different than usual when she spoke of her.
Riku: "Are you worried Akeno-san will talk me over to her side?"
Haruto: "...Well, isn't she special to you?"
Riku: "I'm not sure what you're implying by that, but it is true that I interacted with her more than other people."
Riku: "And I'm certain that Akeno-san is at least partially responsible for the way my personality has ended up this twisted."
Haruto: "Then—"
Riku: "You really do like to worry, don't you? Do I seem that unreliable?"
Haruto: "Not at all. There's no one more reliable than you, Riku-chan. I'm sure of that."
Riku: "...It actually makes me a little depressed when you're that over-the-top about it."
Haruto: "I believe in you, Riku-chan, but I feel like everyone has a weakness, you know?"
Everyone feels the same despair when someone they trust betrays them. I've experienced that pain for myself.
Riku-chan's much stronger than I am. But even diamonds will break if you put more strain on them than they can handle.
Haruto: "If we can't reach some agreement with Akeno-san no matter what we do, are you prepared to break things off with her forever...?"
Riku: "......"
Riku-chan fell silent again. It was less like she was struggling to make a decision and more like she was trying to look into my eyes and see inside me.
Riku: "I suppose you're right. If she's that stubborn, I guess I'll have to give up on her."
Riku: "If it comes to that, you'll support me, won't you, Haruto-san?"
Haruto: "Of course. It wouldn't be playing fair to just keep letting you help me all the time."
Riku: "Then there's no need to worry. I'm counting on you, Haruto-san."
Her expression was totally confident, like she didn't know the meaning of weakness—I had no idea if she'd really meant what she said.
Riku: "Don't you think Asahi-san's a little late?"
Haruto: "Now that you mention it... How far did she go...?"
Riku: "Maybe you should go see how she's doing."
Haruto: "Alright. Wait here, Riku-chan. Since she might come back."
Riku: "I won't go anywhere. Don't worry."
Maybe it's rude to assume this, but when I look at Riku-chan and see how calm she is, it makes my worries seem completely unfounded.
I headed for the closest vending machine, but Asahi wasn't there.
I looked for other vending machines and finally came across that familiar small silhouette.
Haruto: "What are you doing all the way over here, Asahi?"
Asahi: "Oh, Haruto."
Haruto: "There were vending machines near where we were sitting."
Asahi: "But they weren't selling red bean soup in those ones."
Haruto: "R-Red bean soup?!"
Asahi: "It's good, isn't it?"
Haruto: "I like it, but... I don't know if I want some right after eating cotton candy and crepes..."
Asahi looked up at me, her eyes completely devoid of ill will. She had three brown cans in her hands.
Asahi: "...But I went so far to find them."
Haruto: "No, I just remembered. Come to think of it, red bean soup is my favorite!"
Asahi: "Really?"
Haruto: "Yeah, you've gotta have red bean soup when it's cold like this."
That's not a lie. I don't really want any right now, but if it was between liking and not liking it, I was definitely in the former camp.
Haruto: "One can isn't enough for me, so let's buy Riku-chan some tea. I think she was saying she wanted tea."
Asahi: "Got it. Here♪"
I took the two hot cans from her. Oh stomach of mine, if you think your battle's over, you're very wrong.
Asahi: "I'm going to write in my diary that you like red bean soup too, Haruto."
Haruto: "It doesn't have to be now..."
Asahi: "No, it does. You have to give form to important things right away, so you can leave them behind."
Asahi: "You need to put what you're feeling into words right when you're feeling it."
If Asahi's got her own rules, it's not my place to say anything about them. She took out her diary from its holster on her waist.
Asahi: "Ah—"
Haruto: "Something wrong?"
She focused on her diary with a serious expression.
Asahi: "This is terrible! We have to get back, now!"
Haruto: "Wait, wait, what's going on all of a sudden?!"
Asahi: "Atorin's in danger! I have a new trial!"
I followed Asahi, who'd gone pale and taken off running, still not quite grasping the situation.
Ruu: "Hello. Is it alright if I sit here?"
Riku: "Uh, no, it isn't."
Ruu: "Yikes! Turned down in no time flat, no two ways about it!"
Riku: "Isn't that obvious? My companions are using those seats."
Riku: "And even if they weren't, I'm not so sociable that I'd share a table with a complete stranger."
Ruu: "That's too bad# I've been rejected."
Riku: "Do you have some business with me? I'm fairly certain I'm not acquainted with anyone who dresses as eccentrically as you do."
Ruu: "Aha, it's rare for people to come right out and say it like that. Most people don't have it in them to say so even if they're thinking it."
Ruu: "I suppose that means you haven't heard about me, though, hm?"
Riku: "From...?"
Ruu: "Oh, no, don't worry about it. It's quite alright. You'll find out soon enough, after all."
Riku: "What are you—"
Ruu: "Chp!"
Ruu: "Mmh..."
Riku: "Mh—?!"
Ruu: "Mmmm..."
Riku: "......"
Ruu: "Hm?"
Ruu: "Whoa! That was close♪"
Riku: "......"
Ruu: "I can't believe you'd throw a punch at me like that. So cruel#"
Riku: "I think it's much crueler to violate someone like that without their consent."
Ruu: "Oh? Did it not feel good? I'm told I'm actually a rather good kisser."
Riku: "Seems like fashion sense isn't the only thing you're lacking."
Ruu: "That's riiight! Ruu is special, after all♪"
Ruu: "Oh, it's almost time. I'm sorry, we'll have to continue this later."
Riku: "Do you think I'll just let you get away with this?"
Ruu: "So scary! You might not want to pursue this further, though. He'll be back soon, after all."
Ruu: "See? He's running this way, and looking awfully pale, too!"
Riku: "Wait a second, what on earth—"
Ruu: "Oh, there's no need to worry. I'm sure we'll be meeting again very soon."
Riku: "......"
Asahi: "Atorin!"
When Asahi and I returned to the table, we found Riku-chan standing in front of it, watching the people walk by.
Haruto: "Is something wrong? Did something happen...?"
Riku: "...No, it's nothing. You sure took your time, though. Where on earth did you two go?"
Asahi: "It's terrible! You're in danger, Atorin, and because of that, Haruto goes funny too!"
Riku: "I'm having trouble following... Isn't Haruto-san always rather funny?"
Paying no mind to the sarcasm Riku-chan directed at me, Asahi laid her diary out on the table.
Asahi: "Here. Both of you, read this."
We gazed down at the diary as she'd urged.
On it, cute letters probably written in Asahi's handwriting painted a rather uncute picture.
"Atorin lost her life
  Her shell will never move again
    Even if this was Atorin's wish..."
"I should have prevented this
  Assailed by deep grief, Haruto has been swallowed by his dark emotions
    And I finally remember my true mission"
"But we can't stop it now
  We've been separated"
Haruto: "This is..."
Asahi: "Danger's approaching you, Atorin. And you too, Haruto."
I couldn't help staring at Riku-chan's face. She looked up when she sensed both of our eyes on her.
Riku: "Er, if you're looking for a comment from me, I'm not sure what to say, exactly..."
Asahi: "You're life is in danger, Atorin! Do you have any idea why...?!"
Riku: "I'm not sure what to say to that either..."
She looked down at the words on the diary again and said, as if it didn't concern her at all:
Riku: "Let's organize whatever information we can learn from this text."
Riku: "Firstly, I die. This much is clear enough."
Riku: "And my cause of death is unclear, but it seems this was a death I desired."
Haruto: "But why...?! Is there some reason you'd need to die...?"
Riku: "I have no clue. I'm just summarizing what's here."
Riku: "I have no suicidal urges at this time."
Riku-chan went on unconcernedly. It hardly seemed like she herself was the subject of the discussion.
Riku: "And because of my death, Haruto-san is swallowed by dark emotions. Asahi-san remembers her true mission."
Riku: "I have no idea what that means, but that's roughly what these words say."
Haruto: "You really have no idea what it could mean?"
Riku: "Which do you believe more, my words or Asahi-san's diary?"
Haruto: "I..."
I can't imagine Riku-chan's lying. We've been together all this time, so that's clear enough to me without thinking too hard about it.
But I have no intention of claiming at this point that Asahi's diary is completely made-up either. I {was} almost captured by BURST, after all.
And most of all, I just believe in Asahi as a person. I don't believe it's possible that she's trying to fool me.
Haruto: "......"
Not possible, huh... Even though I've been betrayed by those I'd never have imagined doing so, I'm still able to trust people. I can hardly believe it. It's probably a miracle that was only possible because of these two.
Asahi: "You don't believe me, Atorin?"
Riku: "......"
She put her hand to her chin and thought.
Riku: "Frankly, I can't make a decision. To put it into numbers, I'd say it was 50/50. That's a whole 50%, mind you, so it's quite impressive."
Riku: "Is there any possibility someone snatched the diary and wrote in it?"
Asahi: "No way. I always keep it close to me, and this is without a doubt my handwriting."
Riku: "...If that's the case, this is a pretty big mystery. If we want to solve it, we have to answer two questions, but..."
Riku: "There are at least hypotheses we can raise for each of them."
Haruto: "Two questions?"
Riku: "The first is the question of who wrote the diary entry."
Riku: "And the second is whether its contents really portend the future."
Riku: "For the former question, we could raise the possibility that, for instance, Asahi-san writes them in her sleep, or that she has multiple personalities."
Riku: "Those are pretty cheap tricks, though, and they'd disgust a reader for sure."
Riku: "As for the latter, like I said before, it would all add up if they were warnings rather than prophecies."
Riku: "Though the mystery of 'who the hell would do something so roundabout' would still remain in that case."
Asahi: "I'm not sick, and it's the truth in my diary!"
Riku: "If I upset you, I'll apologize. It's not as if I think what I just said is true."
Riku: "But that's why it's half and half. And really, normally something like premonitions of the future are so absurd I'd never believe anything of the sort."
Riku: "You've actually made me half-believe in them, which is rather impressive, don't you think?"
Asahi: "...You blockhead, Atorin."
Riku: "Sorry, but I've always been like this."
Riku: "Oh, but if this prediction comes true, I think even I'll believe in them."
Riku: "I'll be the subject of the test myself, after all."
Asahi: "...My trial will doubtless come. But there's no need to fear."
Asahi: "I'm sure I'll save you. It's my trial, after all."
Riku: "That's a relief. I'm counting on you."
There was a clear difference in the enthusiasm they both put into their words. And I had no way of making up that difference, of course.
Riku: "Come to think of it, isn't it about time we should be getting back?"
Haruto: "You're right, we've gotta get back to the entertainment district."
I'm worried about the diary, but it's important that we investigate the video tape we obtained yesterday, too. And it would be bad if we asked someone else to do something and then were the ones late to our meeting.
We cleaned up what was left on the table and headed to where we'd agreed to meet.
====================E109.TXT====================
When we got back to our place, Ageha-san was already there, lounging on the couch.
Ageha: "You make me run an errand for you while you're out on a two-timing date? I'm sorry to say you're headed for hell, no question."
Haruto: "I'm sorry. I have no excuse."
Ageha: "C'mon, Mr. Serious. It's just my way a' sayin' hi. Relax!"
Riku: "Well, if we're done saying hi, could you show us what we asked you to find?"
Ageha: "Huh?"
Riku: "Hm?"
Ageha-san pointed at the floor, rolling her shoulders languidly.
In the cardboard box there was an unfamiliar black rectangle.
Ageha: "It was a lotta work draggin' that out from storage. Ahh, it was heavy. I am so not into exercising anywhere but a bed."
Asahi: "You can exercise in bed?"
Ageha: "Oh, you can have a whole sports day. Divide up into teams and go for it♪ Go for it♪ Might even bring you closer to the Land of Dreams, you know?"
Riku: "Unlike you, she's rather innocent, so could you please not put such things into her head?"
Ageha: "...You wanna take this outside? I haven't been this pissed in a while."
Haruto: "Th-Thank you so much for bringing us this! We'll handle the rest!"
Ageha: "Okay, but can you set it up, Harucchi? I used it way back when myself and I'm not even sure I could."
Haruto: "Ah... I probably can't."
Ageha: "'S what I thought. Here, I'll tell you how, so get it out of the box."
Ageha: "But just so you know, I'm only gonna tell you. You gotta do it yourself. I'm beat, after all."
Riku: "They've worn down with time, both the VCR and you."
Ageha: "Like I said... I'll take you on, hon. You're really gettin' on my nerves here."
Haruto: "I-I'll set it up, so please tell me how!"
I hurriedly followed Ageha-san's instructions to set up the VCR before she changed her mind about helping us.
Ageha: "Oh, I think we got it this time. There we go!"
After some trial and error, all the cables were finally connected where they were supposed to be.
The TV screen was black, having been switched to the VCR input instead of receiving broadcast signals.
Ageha: "Let's put the tape in, then! By the way, what's on this tape anyway?"
Haruto: "We don't know either. That's why we want to find out."
Ageha: "I see. Uncensored, eh? Comprende."
Haruto: "Please don't tease us. We're serious about this."
Ageha: "Hey, I'm very curious about porn. I'm always serious about it. You got a problem with that?"
Haruto: "No... You are helping us out, after all."
Ageha-san doesn't know our circumstances, so really, she shouldn't be here, but since we know almost nothing about video tapes, we need her here until we've actually got the thing playing for us.
Ageha: "Alright... Harucchi... we're puttin' it in, okay...? There goes your virginity..."
Haruto: "Please don't look at me while you do that..."
The tape was swallowed up by the device.
Ageha-san's pointer finger hit the play button and after a few seconds of static, the screen displayed the video we'd been waiting to see.
A few figures stood around a light source in the center of a dark room.
It was a special sort of light hanging from the ceiling—the kind that fully illuminates something so that no shadows form while doctors are performing surgery. So this is an operating room in a hospital...?
There was no sound to go with the video. All we saw were what must have been doctors silently moving their hands.
............
The camera's position is distant, so we can't see exactly what they're doing.
But there's a hole in the center of the sheet before them, and I can tell it's stained red. They must be in the middle of an operation.
The woman being operated on must have been under anesthesia, because she lay perfectly still, her eyes closed. I only assumed it was a woman because of the long hair hanging from her head, as I couldn't make out her face.
Haruto: "What was this doing in a government facility...?"
There was occasional noise in the picture, and the quality wasn't very stable. I squinted so that I didn't miss any clearer moments, trying to determine the meaning of the footage.
Eventually the picture started to stabilize and the images became a bit clearer.
The room was dead silent, no one speaking—then I heard a soft gasp beside me.
Riku: "Why..."
Haruto: "Riku-chan...?"
I turned to her and found Riku-chan making a grimmer face than I'd ever seen her make before.
Riku: "...Shall I tell you what this footage shows?"
Haruto: "You know...?!"
She twisted just her mouth into a sort of tortured fake smile.
And when I heard the reason why from her own lips, I was at a loss for words.
Riku: "The girl having this operation is me."
We inevitably had to stop the conversation there in order to make Ageha-san leave, since she wasn't aware of our circumstances.
The footage only continued for five minutes or so before cutting off. We didn't obtain more information from it than that one snippet from the beginning.
Asahi: "The water's boiled, Haruto. What should I do with it?"
Haruto: "Could you make me some tea?"
Asahi: "Got it. Atorin?"
Riku: "......"
Riku-chan sat unmoving on the couch, her elbows still on the table in front of her. It was like she hadn't even heard Asahi.
Asahi: "I'll make you the same. It'll be done in a minute."
She didn't press Riku-chan for an answer, sensing something abnormal from her.
Asahi: "Here you go. It's hot, so be careful."
She set three cups down on the table—
She'd gone to the trouble of making it for us, but not one of us brought a cup to our lips.
Haruto: "Riku-chan, you were saying earlier... Is it true that that was you...?"
There was something in the air that made it hard to ask, but considering the circumstances, I couldn't just pretend we hadn't seen that tape.
Normally she would have answered right away, but now, she kept quiet.
I thought maybe she'd ignored me, but I guess not. There was a period of silence, then Riku-chan slowly opened her mouth.
Riku: "I'm certain of it. That was me eight years ago, when I was hospitalized."
Haruto: "Sure you're not mistaken...?"
Riku: "I could never mistake my own face."
Riku: "Besides, while all the doctors on that tape were wearing masks, they were all familiar to me."
She said the words with confidence. There was no room for doubt anymore.
Haruto: "Then why would something like that have been in a government facility? Do you have any idea...?"
Riku: "...No, not at all."
Asahi: "You were sick, Atorin?"
Riku: "Yes. About eight years ago, I was in the hospital with a heart condition."
She'd said it was serious, but when I heard exactly where she'd been affected, it seemed all the more severe.
Riku: "With the medical technology of the time, it would have been difficult to cure me; the most they could probably have done was extend my life somewhat."
Riku: "I was told that the only way to fundamentally improve my condition was through a transplant."
Riku: "It was after laws regarding organ transplants had changed, so I would have been able to receive a transplant at my age at the time."
Riku: "Of course, it wasn't as if a donor just conveniently appeared."
Asahi: "But you're alive now, Atorin. Doesn't that mean you found a donor?"
Riku: "No, we never did."
Riku: "My doctors told me that the time I had left probably wasn't long enough to wait for one—"
Riku: "—And they suggested I undergo an operation that had not yet been approved at the time."
Haruto: "And that's where magic technology comes in...?"
Riku: "Yes. I was only a child at the time, so I didn't understand any of the details, of course..."
Riku: "But as all I could do was wait for death, my family and I decided to accept that ray of hope and agreed to the operation."
Riku: "In the end, the surgery was a success and I was able to leave the hospital only a few weeks later."
Riku: "This tape must be a recording of that operation."
Haruto: "...Well, if it had something to do with Magitronics, it wouldn't be weird for it to be in a government facility."
Haruto: "And if this was before the operation had been approved, it makes sense to keep it around as sample data."
Riku: "You might be right. It's not impossible."
But she saw the flaws in that logic right away.
Riku: "If your thinking is correct, Haruto-san, it would mean this video tape was the only thing to survive that fire, just by coincidence."
Riku: "And by coincidence, you happened to pick it up, and then by another coincidence, I happened to watch it."
Haruto: "...It's a little too convenient to just call it a coincidence, huh?"
Riku: "I think so too. It's more natural to assume that there's something behind this that we aren't aware of, that we can't just consider a coincidence."
Riku: "I can't help but think this is a message for us from someone."
Haruto: "Someone, meaning...?"
Riku: "I've been thinking about that and can't come to a conclusion."
Riku: "So I think I'll go ask."
Haruto: "Ask who?"
Riku: "My doctor at the time. If memory serves, he should still be employed at the general hospital on Agartha."
Haruto: "That hospital..."
Riku: "Does something bother you about it?"
Now that I know I'm not a normal human, if I think about it calmly, I've got suspicions about that hospital.
Haruto: "When I was in that accident, it was probably that hospital where my consciousness was transferred to another body."
Haruto: "And that's not all. Hina... who wasn't human, had to go to that hospital periodically too."
Riku: "It's very likely that they're connected to all this if there are facilities for such things there."
I can't imagine the whole hospital is connected to the conspiracy. The more people know something, the higher the risk that information can leak.
It's more likely only a small number of people there who are involved. We had no idea who, of course, so we'd put off approaching the hospital at all.
Haruto: "But he might know something."
It was five in the evening—at this time, there's a high possibility he's at the hospital.
Asahi: "Then let's go right away. This is really important to you two, right?"
Haruto: "Alright, everybody get ready, then."
Riku: "Wait a second. What are you going to do if you go there now?"
Haruto: "What do you mean?"
Riku: "Are you just going to capture him and interrogate him? I can't imagine he'll talk."
Asahi: "If he won't tell us, we just have to ask until he will."
Riku: "...I can't believe I didn't see it before."
Riku-chan's expression finally relaxed. She smiled as if half-disgusted and half-impressed.
Asahi: "If you don't act, you'll never achieve your goals. That can be said of everything."
Riku: "Very well. We'll do as you suggest, Asahi-san. I think most people would confess when questioned by you, after all."
Asahi has what we don't.
Rikudou Asahi will never yield—no matter how anyone else looks at her, she'll follow the path she believes in. That's at her very core.
When we arrived at the hospital, Riku-chan went to the reception desk to call the hospital director here.
They were much fewer than at peak times, but there were still outpatients around. It wouldn't be good to get aggressive and cause a scene.
Haruto: "How'd it go?"
Riku: "He is here, it seems. I asked for him to be called to the lobby, so..."
A few minutes after the call had been made—the man we were after appeared before us, a grim look on his face.
Director: "...You must be Atori-san."
Riku: "It's been a long while. Thank you for everything you did for me."
The doctor seemed to remember Riku-chan as well, and I thought at first that they'd have a touching reunion.
But he seemed to feel very differently about their meeting.
Director: "I had nothing to do with it...! I was just following orders! Please, believe me!"
He pleaded, his face desperate, unconcerned with what anyone around might think of him.
Director: "I didn't want to do it either...! But I had to...!"
Riku: "Please compose yourself. What on earth are you talking about...?"
Director: "...You don't know anything? Then why would you come here...?"
Riku: "I had the feeling there was something I needed to know. Something that you could tell me."
Director: "......"
The hospital director went silent, giving Riku-chan a suspicious glare. He hardly looked like a doctor meeting with his former patient.
Director: "...There's nothing I can tell you."
He said, taking out a piece of paper folded in half from his pocket.
Director: "I was instructed to give this to you if you came."
Riku: "To me? Instructed by whom?"
Director: "I had nothing to do with it! I was just following orders!"
He's clearly lost his composure. I don't think we could have a proper conversation like this.
Director: "That's enough, isn't it? Get out of here already. I want nothing more to do with you!"
Cutting off the conversation one-sidedly, the hospital director sped off down a hallway. Though he had spoken authoritatively, he seemed almost afraid of something.
Haruto: "He's hiding something."
Riku: "I'm sure you're right. But from the looks of it, I can't imagine he'd be so kind as to tell us what we want to know."
Riku: "I suppose this will decide what we do from here on."
Riku-chan opened up the paper she'd been handed.
On it was a map of the whole island.
Haruto: "Why a map...?"
Asahi: "Look, there's a mark here."
Asahi pointed to an area where a red X had been penned in.
Haruto: "This is... the harbor...?"
Past the industrial zone on Agartha, there's a harbor where goods come and go on ships.
Haruto: "I wonder what's there..."
Riku: "I have no idea, but it seems to me as though we have but one course of action now."
Haruto: "They'll know we're coming. There's a good chance it's a trap."
Riku: "That's an awfully calm judgment from you, Haruto-san. Then would you like to pretend this never happened?"
Haruto: "It's completely different going somewhere knowing nothing and knowing you're walking into a trap. We just have to be careful."
Riku: "So we're still going. Well, that is just like you, Haruto-san."
Riku: "Of course, I feel the same way, so it's not really my place to talk, is it?"
It's Riku-chan's job to hit the brakes, but since she wants to keep going too, we've got our foot glued to the accelerator, I guess.
Asahi: "I'll go too. It'll be alright. I'm sure if the three of us are all there, we'll make it through whatever happens."
Riku: "There's absolutely no evidence to back that up, but it does seem that way when Asahi-san says it, doesn't it? How frightening."
We all settled on the same decision without much dissent.
We're all too aware of the danger. But we're also prepared to face off against them.
There's nothing for me to lose anymore—
The pier at night, with the darkness of the sea before us—a briny smell permeated the area, reminding me that Agartha really was an island.
Containers were left around the harbor, creating pathways between them.
Haruto: "I don't see anything suspicious..."
Giving the fact that this could be a trap due consideration, we'd started by going around the harbor, checking for anything strange.
But not only did we not find anything strange, we barely even saw any other people around. There were just a few figures in work clothes, probably people who worked at the harbor.
Riku: "They went to the trouble of calling us here with a map. I can't imagine there's nothing around at all."
???: "'Course not! Who'd freeze their ass off out here for no fuckin' reason?"
I was caught completely unaware—my heart almost burst when a visitor I hadn't noticed called out to us.
Akeno: "Or d'you come here to look out at the sea and talk about love or somethin'? Hmm?"
Riku: "...Akeno-san."
The dim harbor lighting gave Mikuriya Akeno's smile a ghastly glimmer.
Akeno: "And you brought your little friends. Well, whatever, we should celebrate you finally getting some of those companions you've always longed for, eh?"
Haruto: "Was it you who gave the hospital director the map...?"
Akeno: "If I said it wasn't, would you believe that? 'Course you wouldn't. So do I really gotta answer?"
She always takes control of the conversation whenever you talk with her, so to avoid being taken in, I kept asking questions.
Haruto: "Why did you call us here?"
Akeno: "You and the little shrimp just tagged along on your own, didn't you?"
Akeno: "Tho' I kinda expected ya to."
Riku: "What is there supposed to be here?"
Akeno: "Well, look around! There's ships, shippin' containers, and the sea. You see anythin' else?"
Mikuriya Akeno looked out at the sea, unconcerned with us.
Akeno: "It's the perfect place to chat, wouldn't you say? Nowhere better'n deserted places for secret chats and counting money."
I took the opportunity to look around the area when her snakelike gaze left us, but she picked up on even that right away.
Akeno: "Don't be so nervous! I came alone today. I don't have guys lyin' in wait to capture you, so relax."
Asahi: "Then what is your goal? There's something you're trying to accomplish, isn't there?"
Akeno: "How can you tell?"
Asahi: "I can sense a firm conviction in your eyes."
Asahi: "But they have a very sad color. They're the eyes of someone captive to their dark desires."
Akeno: "Bad shit happens to everyone at some point in their lives."
Akeno: "And it's not even worth worryin' about for most, 'specially those dumbasses who go 'why me?' like they're the main character in some tragedy."
Akeno: "That shit should be left to immature brats, don'tcha think?"
I had a feeling her eyes had flicked to me, though they moved back to their original position without comment from her.
Akeno: "I had somethin' to discuss with that chick makin' the bored-lookin' face. So I had her kindly drag her royal butt over here."
Riku: "Well, what is it? You're not going to tell me to come back now after all this, are you?"
Akeno: "Hm? What, you don't think I'm still lookin' out for you or somethin', do you?"
Akeno: "You're only doing this little investigation of yours 'cause I allowed it in the first place. Maybe right now we're on different sides, but we're still connected underneath all that."
Akeno: "If that's what you're thinkin', you're hopeless. You're wrong on a fundamental level."
There was a chill in her words that seemed to freeze my spine.
Akeno: "People I got no use for anymore have no value to me."
Riku: "......"
Haruto: "You can't just judge people by whether you can use them or not...!"
I stepped forward without regard for Riku-chan, who'd gone quiet. I had to.
Akeno: "Is that wrong? Everyone seeks out people and places that are convenient to 'em."
Akeno: "Anything that isn't, you ignore and stay away from. What's wrong with that? Everybody lives that way."
Haruto: "I don't think that's all anyone thinks about. There are things that can't be divided so cleanly into losses or gains."
Akeno: "You talkin' about, uh... love and friendship, those sorta things that just have a nice ring to 'em and nothin' more?"
Akeno: "Don't make me laugh. You get to the root of all that, and in the end it's just stuff for your benefit."
Akeno: "You're just a kid bullshittin' about how the world works when you don't even understand it to begin with."
Asahi: "What you're saying isn't wrong."
The air around us changed. Asahi was staring Mikuriya Akeno right in the eyes.
Asahi: "But it isn't right either. There are noble hearts that don't get held down by any sort of bonds."
Akeno: "You just love to get in my way, don'tcha? You nearly killed me yesterday!"
Asahi: "......"
They stared at each other, neither of them budging an inch.
Akeno: "Uh huh, you're different from these two. You're gonna be the most trouble, like I thought."
Mikuriya Akeno was the first to yield.
Akeno: "Aw, whatever, shall we get to the point? I don't have time for a little debate with you brats."
Akeno: "I'll tell you the truth you kids are after."
Riku: "You'll tell us what we want to know, just like that? I'm shocked."
Akeno: "Well, I can't spend all my time scoldin' ya. Teachin' little brats what the real world's like is an adult's job too."
The smile disappeared from Mikuriya Akeno's face. She sighed a heavy, white sigh that faded into the cold air.
Akeno: "Lemme tell you a story about a kid."
Akeno: "It's a story from a long time ago. So damn long ago that it's practically all faded away at this point."
Akeno: "It's a sickening sort of story, where no one gets a happy ending."
That was how Mikuriya Akeno prefaced her tale.
There was once a girl in one room of a big hospital.
She was constantly in and out of that hospital, since she'd had a weak constitution ever since she was born. The girl's parents had already passed away, and the only one who ever came to visit her was her older sister.
The girl wasn't lonely, because her older sister looked after her enough to make up for their parents' absence.
The older sister set down a vase with fresh water in it and turned to her younger sister on the bed.
Girl/Hina: "Hey, Onee-chan#, where will you take me the next time I can leave the hospital#?"
Big Sister/Akeno: "We can go anywhere, just not too far. If you get sick again, you'll just have to come right back here."
Girl/Hina: "But then we could go somewhere again when I got out, right#?"
Big Sister/Akeno: "Stupid. The next time you come here, I'm not letting you out again. No more trips for the rest of your life."
Girl/Hina: "Okay# That'd be bad# I think I want to go to the zoo next, then#"
Big Sister/Akeno: "Are you listening to me? This is your health we're talking about here. Be more careful with it!"
Girl/Hina: "Sorry# But listen, I wanna go to the zoo 'cause I saw this elephant on TV that was really big#"
Big Sister/Akeno: "You listen!"
The easygoing younger sister and the responsible older sister. The family of two had their troubles, but they were getting on fine.
Until that day came—
Notified at her work, the older sister rushed, half out of her mind, to the hospital room.
What waited for her there was her younger sister, changed beyond belief.
Big Sister/Akeno: "No... Why...?"
The doctor in the room explained the situation to her, but his words didn't reach the older sister, unable as she was to accept the reality before her.
The doctor told her two things, choosing his words carefully—
That her sister was brain dead, and that she'd opted to donate her organs.
Big Sister/Akeno: "What...? When on earth did..."
The facts hitting her one after the other bewildered her, and another man entered the room then as if to strike the final blow.
Man/Touya: "I'd like to offer my condolences."
The man in the suit looked out of place in the hospital full of white robes. It was obvious that he wasn't a doctor.
The man introduced himself as an organ transplant coordinator.
Man/Touya: "This must be a terrible decision for you, but we'd like to ask for your cooperation as well, in order to honor the will of your sister."
He gave her a simple explanation of the organ donation process.
The situation kept moving forward, leaving her behind. She wasn't even given the time to accept the fact that she'd lost her sister.
Big Sister/Akeno: "Wait a second! You can't ask me that...! Isn't my sister still alive...?!"
Man/Touya: "I'm afraid her brain death has been confirmed by all of our tests."
The man explained that her sister's brain damage was irreversible. She had lost all function in her brain stem and cerebrum, permanently.
Big Sister/Akeno: "Still, you can't just cut into her...! Look, her hands are still warm...!"
Man/Touya: "I understand your feelings very well. It's not the organ donor themselves that this is hardest for; it's their family."
The man continued to speak with a clear intent despite the meek look on his face.
Man/Touya: "My profession being what it is, I have an organ donation card myself."
Man/Touya: "I don't mind my body being used if it could save someone else's life."
Man/Touya: "But if my daughter died, I'm not confident I could sign the form to donate her organs."
Man/Touya: "So... I understand what you're feeling better than anyone."
Man/Touya: "...Yet you're the only one who can honor the last wishes of the deceased."
Man/Touya: "I think you should do it for her sake, myself."
Big Sister/Akeno: "For her sake..."
When we're faced with abnormal situations like this, we lose the ability to process most information.
And so, still unable to process the situation, the older sister was moved forward only by those words, "for her sake," and had no choice but to sign the transplant forms.
After her younger sister's organs had been removed, the older sister wandered the hospital in a daze, attempting to digest the reality of her sister's death.
She wasn't a strong enough person to be able to immediately accept that she'd lost her only blood relation.
She wandered the hospital an empty shell, and before she knew it, she'd come to a floor she didn't usually visit.
Finally realizing that she was walking with no aim in mind, she decided to turn around.
But she stopped when she heard voices from beyond a half-open door.
Doctor/Director: "Will this really be alright...? You'll really make the arrangements...?"
Man/Touya: "Please compose yourself. Everything's fine. It's perfect."
Doctor/Director: "...If it gets out that I intentionally induced brain death in a patient to acquire their organs... if this lie gets out, it'll be over for me..."
Man/Touya: "There are no lies. There is only the truth we've created."
Man/Touya: "Oh, it was a lie that I have a daughter, I suppose. But that doesn't count either as long as you keep quiet about it."
Man/Touya: "This is government research, after all. We can get away with plenty. There's nothing to fear."
Doctor/Director: "But going this far..."
Man/Touya: "Guilty conscience? But look at the results! We saved more people than we lost."
Man/Touya: "The Atori girl probably would have died if not for our experiment, and the other organs will be put to good use too."
Doctor/Director: "But..."
Man/Touya: "Just think about it. If we hadn't acted, a young girl with great magical talent and a promising future would have died."
Man/Touya: "A person who would be perfectly healthy if she could only receive a heart transplant, and a person who's in and out of the hospital all year round, with some talent, true, but largely unable to use magic at all."
Man/Touya: "Which one would it be more advantageous to save? Which one will do more good in the future? It's an easy question to answer, isn't it?"
Man/Touya: "If our magical aptitude transferal experiment succeeds, it'll mean revolutionary advancement in the field of Magitronics."
Man/Touya: "Not to mention, Atori now owes you a favor. There's no more cost-effective way to do this, is there?"
Man/Touya: "And you'll be the director here eventually, of course. There's no loss here."
Rage struck the older sister, eating at her. She held in the screams of hatred threatening to escape, her nails practically digging into her cheeks.
Indignation, resentment, animosity—the emotions swirling in the older sister's breast could never be summarized with such words.
The older sister wanted to kill someone that day for the first time in her life. It was a purely biological impulse, instantly overpowering all the reason she'd built up throughout her life.
But it wouldn't be enough. Even if she took their lives here, it wouldn't make up for everything that she'd lost. It was hardly a fair trade.
All she could do at the time was hold onto that feeling—
But no matter how great your anger and sadness, it all fades with time.
So what was she to do—
She'd have to remake herself. Into someone completely different than who she'd been until then.
Big Sister: "...Never believe anything a politician or a doctor says."
The older sister threw away who she'd been.
The weak woman, on the side of those who are stolen from, wasn't needed anymore. The person there now was the new Mikuriya Akeno, prepared to stand on the side of those who do the stealing.
Akeno: "After a little while, the older sister joined Atori. Lookin' for all the world like nothing had happened, a'course."
Akeno: "She thought if she got involved in Magi research, she'd find info on what the doctor and that man had been up to, see."
Akeno: "'Course she wouldn't find anything if she stayed a grunt. She did whatever she had to to earn the company's trust."
Akeno: "She preyed on countless numbers of the weak, but she felt not a shred of guilt."
Akeno: "They say ignorance is a sin, and she finally understood that. 'I had no idea, so it's not my fault.' That's bullshit."
Akeno: "If you don't know how the world works, it's only natural for it to destroy you."
Akeno: "You gotta be aware. That's a strength you need in order to survive in this world."
Haruto: "W-Wait a second...!"
Akeno: "Hunh?"
I was getting a bad feeling about this. An inexplicable sort of anxiety. The truth coming together with Mikuriya Akeno's story—
Akeno: "You've got a bad imagination, huh? Read some books, why don'tcha. You should work harder to fix that stupidity of yours!"
After she gave me a pitying look, Mikuriya Akeno said this:
Akeno: "The girl's name was Mikuriya Hina. After all that, I think just about any idiot should be able to put it all together."
Haruto: "Mikuriya... and Hina...?!"
Akeno: "You should be familiar. You're thinkin' of the right one."
Haruto: "But Hina was...!"
Akeno: "You're right. That thing that was with you wasn't human. It was just a machine, made to resemble one."
Akeno: "I thought long and hard about what would satisfy me."
Akeno: "It was pretty hard to figure out! I found somebody who was in on the experiment and got some answers from him... even killed the guy."
Akeno: "And I took my time hurting him too, 'til he was crying and begging me to end his suffering."
Akeno: "But that wasn't enough. 'The human body's actually pretty sturdy, huh?' was about all I got outta that. It didn't fulfill anything."
Mikuriya Akeno said, calmly. She'd surpassed the bounds of what normal people could feel.
Akeno: "In the end, I just won't be satisfied until I take back what was taken from me."
Akeno: "But no matter what you do, people can't be brought back from the dead. No matter how far science advances, that'll always be outside of humankind's domain."
Akeno: "So then, what do I do?"
Akeno: "I obtain something as close to it as possible. That's the only answer I found."
Haruto: "As close as possible..."
For instance, a machine imitating humanity—
Akeno: "The one you had with you was a failure. For me and for the guys trying to create an angel."
Haruto: "Angel...?"
Akeno: "The guys at that place you woke up a year ago. They were seriously tryin' to create an angel."
Akeno: "I threw in my lot with them, and what we created was that fake."
Akeno: "We ended up reusing it, since it was convenient and all."
Haruto: "That's why it was with me..."
A fake sister, sent to monitor me—and to think she was a recreation of Mikuriya Akeno's little sister...
Haruto: "Why are you working with the government...?! Aren't they the very people who took your sister from you...?!"
Akeno: "For my goal, of course. It's more efficient to work with 'em than against 'em."
Akeno: "And I've gotten my compensation. The clonin' technology the government was workin' on in secret."
Haruto: "Cloning, you mean...?!"
Akeno: "Guess even a dumb-dumb like you figured it out. You've got the right idea."
Akeno: "This time I'll bring her back not as a machine, but as a human."
Akeno: "That's the only way to get back what was taken from me."
Mikuriya Akeno's plan... was to create a clone of her sister, who died. She's trying to make up for the tragedy she experienced in that way.
Haruto: "......"
I was overwhelmed by the truth she'd just confessed. Frankly, this might not be something I can weigh in on. It came across loud and clear that she's lived her life for that and only that until now.
But...
Haruto: "If that's what you want, then maybe we can't say anything, but... but even if you do that..."
Akeno: "That's right, it won't be the real thing. But what'd I say? If I can't have the real thing, I've gotta content myself with a substitute."
Akeno: "But it needs to be as close to the real thing as possible."
Akeno: "You know what I'm tryin' to say, right?"
Riku: "......"
Inhuman eyes, completely lacking emotion, focused just to my side.
Riku-chan's hands were over her heart. Like she was frantically trying to keep her soul from escaping—
I'd never seen her make a face like that.
Akeno: "Mikuriya Hina's organs all went to patients awaitin' transplants."
Akeno: "All the files back then have been disposed of, and now no one knows where they've gone."
Akeno: "But y'know, I'm at least sure of where this is—"
She indicated her own chest with her thumb. And the words she next spoke sounded like they'd come from the devil himself.
Akeno: "Give it back. That heart of yours."
Riku: "......?!"
Riku-chan's shoulders shook. She looked like someone out lost in a blizzard.
Akeno: "The clone itself is pretty much complete now. But at the moment, it's nothing other than a clone."
Akeno: "I get that heart back, and my dreams finally start to take shape."
Haruto: "W-Wait a second! If you do that, Riku-chan will...!"
Akeno: "Hm? She'll die, I'm sure. No doubt about it."
Haruto: "'You're sure'... But that's not right!"
Akeno: "Not right? Goes against your idea of justice? What a wonderful guy you are."
Akeno: "Then lemme ask, what's your definition of evil? Is it evil if you break the law? Then if you're not caught, is it not evil?"
Haruto: "Well..."
Akeno: "It's just somethin' vague that changes depending on where you're standing. That's why it pops up all over the place. There's user-friendly justice everywhere you look."
Akeno: "Well, I doubt I'd be a hero of justice no matter who you asked. What a fuckin' joke."
She spat out with a sneer.
Akeno: "This girl's livin' on borrowed time anyway. If she hadn't gotten that heart transplant, she'da died pretty soon after that."
Akeno: "Seems she thinks her life was saved 'cause a' magic or somethin' too."
Riku-chan had said her life had been saved thanks to innovations in magical technology. She had no idea something like this was behind that.
The shocking truth thrust before her, Riku-chan was unable to even make a sound. I had to do something for her—
That feeling was strong, but I couldn't find the words. She wasn't the only one who'd taken a shock.
Akeno: "Welp, I think I've said enough. Too much, in fact. My throat's dry!"
Haruto: "Wh-Where are you going?!"
Akeno: "I'm going home! Not gonna stick around in this fuckin' cold."
All we did here was exchange information. Nothing's come to any concrete solution.
Akeno: "I'm not askin' for it right now. I'm sure you've got shit to sort out."
Akeno: "You wanna do somethin', you make an appointment first. That's the way adults do things."
I suddenly realized the easy smile she usually wore had returned to her face.
Mikuriya Akeno turned to leave and said her final words to us without looking our way:
Akeno: "Magic ain't as convenient as you think it is, and it's not as clean or just either."
Akeno: "Of that, at least, I'm sure."
Even after she left, we couldn't move from that spot for a little while.
We didn't hold a single exchange about what we'd heard on our whole way back from the harbor. Maybe I should say we couldn't.
If you're not ready for it, you won't be able to catch the ball.
And even if you're prepared, if it comes at you so fast it tears through your glove, it's the same thing really.
Riku: "I'm sorry. I'm going to bed, if you don't mind."
When we got back to our place, I heard Riku-chan's voice for the first time in a while.
Haruto: "Oh, yeah, I got it."
I need to do something. But no matter how hard my heart urges me, I don't know what it is I should do.
In an almost silent room, only the sound of the curtains being drawn rang out.
Haruto: "......"
Even I'm still confused. It's not that strange for Riku-chan to not be acting like herself when all that we'd heard was more closely connected to her than us.
Asahi: "I'm sleeping here too tonight."
Asahi: "I think it'd be better to leave her alone for now."
Haruto: "...Yeah."
We were of the same opinion. But looking at Asahi's face, I got the impression we were thinking something slightly different.
Asahi's used her own judgment to decide to give her some alone time, but I just can't find anything else to do for her. Even if they result in the same outcome, there's a big difference in the process used to get there.
Haruto: "...I thought maybe you'd be able to say something to her even at a time like this."
Asahi: "There are things I'd like to say."
Haruto: "There are... That's pretty impressive. So how come you don't say them?"
Asahi: "When you have an important decision like this, it's best to come to a conclusion inside yourself, if you can."
Asahi: "If you let other people's opinions dictate your decision, you'll definitely regret it later."
Haruto: "...But there are times when there's just nothing you can do on your own."
Asahi: "Then that's when we should help. But it's better to wait before she goes down the wrong path."
Asahi: "When you're trying to figure out which way to go... you're not always going to pick the correct answer by agonizing over the decision."
Asahi: "Even if it's the wrong decision, if it's an answer you came to yourself, then you have to take responsibility for it, right?"
Asahi: "When you make decisions that you don't regret, they'll change into a strength that you can use to persevere until the very end. And sometimes, that leads to a new direction."
Haruto: "...You're so strong. You and Riku-chan both. Compared to you two, I'm..."
It's frustrating not being able to do anything for Riku-chan when she's helped me so much. Even though I know it's wrong of me to be like this...
Asahi: "It'll be alright. Don't worry."
Haruto: "Asahi...?"
Asahi: "After all, we're partners. If one of us is alone in the darkness, the rest of us just have to take their hand."
Haruto: "Partners, eh?"
Asahi: "If you ever stray, I'll help you, Haruto."
Asahi's smile was genuine, with not a speck of ill will to be found in it. It was so bright it made me want to narrow my eyes.
Right, I have to pull it together too. I have to help Riku-chan now to make up for all the times she's helped me.
It's not right to have someone constantly helping you. It's not playing fair.
Late at night—I heard a noise and woke up.
Footsteps on the other side of the door. They were getting farther away. Someone was going down the stairs.
I sat up from the blankets I'd laid out on the floor and looked around the room. On the couch I saw Asahi curled up in her own blanket, breathing quietly in her sleep.
Nothing was out of the ordinary—I tried to come to that conclusion, but then I saw that the curtains dividing the room were open.
Haruto: "Riku-chan...?"
I called through them quietly. But there was no response. Not only that, on the other side of the thin cloth, I didn't sense anyone at all.
I timidly peeked into the space beyond the curtains. There was no one on the exposed white sheets of the bed.
Haruto: "Then those footsteps were..."
There's one possibility I can come to from this situation I'm left with: those footsteps were Riku-chan. But where would she go at this time of night...?
............
Emotions difficult to describe pushed down on me. If I had to summarize them with a word, I'd say I was uneasy—
It wasn't anything in the realm of "it's dangerous for girls to go out alone at night." I knew that if anyone was stupid enough to lay a hand on Riku-chan, she wouldn't be the one getting hurt.
Then why am I so uneasy—it undoubtedly had something to do with our discussion with Mikuriya Akeno.
What if she just disappears and I never see her again—there's no way that could happen, but I couldn't get rid of the restlessness swirling around in my heart.
Haruto: "I have to go."
There's no way I'll be able to sleep like this. I don't care who laughs at me for worrying too much.
I got my jacket and silently left the room so that I didn't wake Asahi.
I had no idea where I was going, so I blindly searched the area.
The town was fast asleep, so empty that it was like the clamor of the daytime had all been a lie. I walked around aimlessly, checking each figure I ran across.
My feet sped up as time passed and eventually I was running. The breaths I was heaving out turned white in the air.
As I ran, my body sent me signals that it wanted to rest. Eventually, I could no longer go against those complaints, and my steps ground to a halt.
I'd been paying no attention to anything but my search for Riku-chan, so I only realized where I was a little while after I'd caught my breath.
Haruto: "Haahh... haahh..."
At some point I'd come all the way to the edge of the island. There was nothing beyond but the vastness of the sea.
I looked up at the sky and saw a sea bird spreading its wings. If she's taken off and flown somewhere far away, just like that bird...
Haruto: "...Yeah right..."
This is the perfect place for indulging in those fantasies, but I don't have time for that right now. I have to get back and keep up my search for Riku-chan.
But just ahead of me as I turned around—we noticed each other at almost the exact same moment.
Riku: "Haruto...san...?"
Haruto: "Riku-chan...!"
Riku-chan stood there with her eyes wide, holding her hair down as the wind blew around her.
Riku: "What are you doing here?"
Haruto: "I was looking for you, Riku-chan. Since you suddenly left."
Riku: "Were you looking for me because you were worried? I suppose I should be happy about that, if so."
Haruto: "Happy? Why?"
Riku: "Because it would mean you actually see me as a girl who's younger than you, wouldn't it?"
Riku-chan said with a smile. A sweet smile I usually never see, which made me anxious for some reason.
Like I'd just realized a huge tree I'd been leaning on all this time was really nothing but a sapling—
Riku: "...Would you like to walk a little with me?"
Haruto: "Oh, yeah. Sure."
The two of us walked through the grass as it swayed with the wind.
If she doesn't want to talk, I should stay silent with her—I knew it was only cheap consideration, but I couldn't find the words to say to her.
Riku: "Birds..."
I looked up at the sky in the same way Riku-chan did.
Riku: "Do you remember what Asahi-san asked me earlier?"
Riku: "She asked me what my wish was."
Haruto: "I remember. World peace, right?"
There was an awkward smile on Riku-chan's face.
Riku: "That question really threw me for a loop. No one had ever asked me something like that before."
Haruto: "Yeah, it's hard to even answer 'what do you want to be in the future,' but wishes..."
Riku: "But I was really forced to realize then that she had something I didn't."
Haruto: "Something you don't...?"
Riku: "It's something you and Asahi-san have, that I don't."
Riku: "For instance, let's see..."
Riku-chan's eyes flicked to the sky again.
Riku: "Say in exchange for one person's life, the world could be saved. What do you suppose you'd do in that situation, Haruto-san?"
Haruto: "What I would do? Hmm..."
Riku: "You don't need to tell me. I can figure it out. I'm sure you and Asahi-san would both raise your hands with no hesitation if your hearts were telling you it was right."
Riku: "But I'm different. I don't think it would go the same for me."
Riku: "If no one else raised their hand and it finally came around to me, I'd raise mine, having no other choice. But only then."
Haruto: "Still, we'd all be acting to save the world."
I couldn't tell what she was really trying to say, but I felt like in some way she wasn't valuing herself, and that made me refute what she'd said.
Haruto: "Are you suddenly talking like this because of what Akeno-san said...?"
I hadn't been able to bring up this subject until now because it felt like I was breaking a taboo, but I couldn't continue to pretend nothing had happened.
I steeled myself and broached the subject. That little bit of courage was nothing compared to what Riku-chan must be feeling at the heart of all this.
Riku: "What should I do, you think?"
For the severity of the actual question, her tone was unnaturally light.
Riku: "What do you think would be right? Could you tell me?"
It was the moment Riku-chan first relied on me.
I was always in the opposite position. This is a once in a lifetime chance for me. I need to be of help to her here.
Haruto: "......"
I had the determination, but I couldn't put those feelings into words at all. The frustration born of my immaturity just turned to anger at myself.
Haruto: "No matter the circumstances, I can't let you die no matter what, Riku-chan. That's all I'm sure of."
Even if the question is so difficult you'll never find an answer, you just need to concentrate on the things you do know. I'm sure that's how you find the right solution.
............
The right solution—but what does "right" even mean? Mikuriya Akeno's words echoed through my mind.
Riku: "Am I that important to you? You aren't trying to say you love me, are you?"
Haruto: "I do love you. That's why I want to help you, why I want to be there for you."
Riku: "Your 'love' and mine are a little different, of course..."
Haruto: "What do you mean?"
Riku: "Whoops. Just a slip of the tongue. Please don't let it bother you."
Haruto: "Of course it bothers me. If there's something you want to tell me, please, tell me..."
One of the sea birds that had come down to the grass took flight.
Riku: "I was a bird. Looking down on the world from up high, just like that one."
Riku: "I thought I was fine as long as I could fly gracefully through the sky, with no enemies."
Riku: "But when I stood on the ground and saw you running as hard as you could, I started feeling frustrated."
Riku: "I must have envied you. It was nothing but trouble on the ground, but I was attracted to how you struggled with it."
Riku: "But I was too scared to stop flying, too scared to touch down on the ground, so that view from the sky is really all there is to me in the end."
Riku: "I'm sorry, I'm not making any sense. We only need one character like Asahi-san, don't we?"
Haruto: "I'm not smart, so I can't think of anything considerate to say, but..."
Haruto: "The worlds you and I live in, Riku-chan, they're the same place. Even if you're in the air and I'm on the ground, if we call out, if we can hear each other, and if we wave, we can find each other."
Haruto: "We're partners. Momotarou had a pheasant for a partner, right? So I'm sure we can walk together, Riku-chan."
Riku: "You'll have to give me a kibi dango then. I don't recall receiving anything from you yet, Haruto-san."
Haruto: "Uhh... you think they sell kibi dango at the grocery store?"
Riku: "I don't mind if it's something else. For instance..."
Putting on a teasing smile, Riku-chan stepped up to me. The distance between us shortened almost to zero...
Our faces drew closer together. I was surprised, and I closed my eyes—
Riku: "......"
Riku: "...I'm just kidding. Did you think I was really going to do it?"
Haruto: "...That's why it's hard to think of you as younger than me, you know."
I bitterly opened my eyes and was greeted with a benign smile.
Riku: "I think you're just too immature, Haruto-san. Your face is bright red, you know."
Haruto: "That's because it's cold! It's normal for your face to be red in the cold. Mhm."
Riku: "Let's say that's what's going on. Well, should we be getting back? We'll catch colds if we stay out here too long."
Riku-chan seemed back to normal as she gathered her hair up.
I felt a little relieved and spent the time heading home with Riku-chan talking about meaningless things.
Now that I think about it, I was already wrong about what was going on here.
====================E110.TXT====================
Asahi: "Haruto, wake up—"
Haruto: "...Mmh... Asahi...?"
Something grabbed my chest and shook me, awakening me from my slumber.
The first thing that leapt into focus was Asahi's pale face.
Haruto: "What is it...?"
Asahi: "Atorin's gone!"
Haruto: "Huh?!"
Asahi: "The bed was empty when I woke up, and her clothes are gone too!"
I jumped up and checked the bed beyond the curtains.
Haruto: "What...?! But we came home together last night...!"
Not only that, but I even watched her get into bed. But I went to sleep after that, and...
Haruto: "She left again after that, on her own...?"
Asahi: "Do you know where Atorin went?"
Haruto: "Where...?"
She usually never leaves by herself.
Maybe she was thirsty, so she went to a nearby convenience store—I was having a hard time even conjuring up such wishful thinking.
Haruto: "...I'll go look!"
Asahi: "Haruto?!"
I couldn't stay put for any longer, and I flew out of the room.
Haruto: "Where did she go...?!"
Normally I wouldn't be so panicked, but I feel completely different after hearing what we did from Mikuriya Akeno last night.
The absolute worst possibility ran through my mind—what if Riku-chan went to see Mikuriya Akeno...?!
Haruto: "That wouldn't be right...!"
I ran as if to shake off the terrible premonitions haunting me. Betting on what faint hope I had—
Haruto: "Haahh, haahh..."
That windy field. I thought that, just maybe... but my fleeting hope was heartlessly betrayed.
Haruto: "Riku-chan... where did you go?"
All I could do was stand there, petrified.
Maybe I've made a terrible mistake.
Because of my ignorance, crushing anxiety is threatening to swallow me whole.
Asahi: "Haruto!"
After I returned to the entertainment district on unsteady legs, Asahi ran over to me, looking worried.
Asahi: "Did you find Atorin?"
Haruto: "......"
I shook my head, and saw despondency cross Asahi's face.
Asahi: "...Let's go back to the apartment for now. We need to really think about this."
It had been about an hour since we'd returned to the apartment.
Riku-chan showed no signs of returning. Somewhere in my heart, I knew that imagining her doing so was just a convenient fantasy.
Haruto: "...Riku-chan went to see Mikuriya Akeno. That's all I can think."
Asahi: "So she's at the Atori building?"
Haruto: "I dunno. It belongs to the Ministry of Magic now."
Ever since the establishment of the Ministry, the government's been using the Atori building.
Symbol Tower was destroyed in the attacks of 12/12 last year, after all.
The government offices that were there have been moved to the Atori building too.
Haruto: "There are a few more Atori facilities around Agartha. If Mikuriya Akeno's anywhere, it'd be in one of those."
Though combing through all those facilities isn't realistic, and we'll have to deal with BURST if we make a scene.
And in the first place, it's not like I'm familiar with every one of Atori's facilities on Agartha.
Haruto: "I know... the hospital!"
My heart raced at the epiphany I'd been struck with.
Haruto: "Maybe she's at the hospital. She has connections there, and it's equipped to realize her goals."
Asahi: "...But didn't she take on a deep sadness in that place?"
Haruto: "That's true... but what she's doing isn't within the bounds of common sense anyway, and if she's not there, maybe the director knows something."
Asahi: "You're right. It's only a slight chance, but if that's all we've got, we have to take it."
Asahi agreeing with me almost made me feel stronger.
We stood up together and flew outside to search for some sort of lead.
As soon as we reached the hospital, we ran to the reception desk and inquired as to the director's whereabouts.
Bewildered by our frantic state, the receptionist talked with someone over the phone.
The best she could do was tell us that he'd be back by evening, and I should have known that, but...
I couldn't think straight, and found myself about to take out my frustration and panic on her when Asahi stopped me.
Asahi: "Let's wait. There's no point in taking it out on her."
Haruto: "...I know. I'm sorry."
Asahi took my hand and led me to some chairs near the halls leading further into the building, where there were fewer people.
Asahi: "It'll be okay. We'll figure something out. So don't lose yourself."
Asahi kept holding my hand after we sat down. I wasn't in the least embarrassed.
It felt like my anxiety was all being sucked into Asahi through my hand, where it was purified into energy and sent back to me.
Haruto: "We won't let Riku-chan die."
We held each other tight, our determination made clear by the strength of our grip.
That frustrating interval, which felt like an eternity, finally came to an end.
When the director and a few other doctors walked in through the entrance, Asahi and I stood up wordlessly.
Even though we just quietly stood before him, he backed up a step, clearly dismayed.
Director: "Y-You two were here yesterday... What do you want with me now...?!"
Haruto: "We just want to talk. Alone, if possible. That would be better for you as well, I think."
The director, wearing an agitated expression, told the people with him that he had to excuse himself.
Haruto: "We want to ask about Atori. Do you know any facilities Mikuriya Akeno might be using for personal projects?"
Even if Mikuriya Akeno has seized the reigns of power inside Atori, it's hard to imagine she'd carry out her plans somewhere conspicuous.
She said Hina's... Mikuriya Hina's clone was already close to complete. It'd be real trouble if regular employees saw something like that, so it's more likely that she's carrying out her plan somewhere secret.
Director: "Wh-What do you mean? I don't know anyone by that name...!"
Asahi: "Liar. You can't fool my eyes. You do know her."
Director: "How would you know...?!"
Seeing how flustered he was, you didn't need to be Asahi to realize he was hiding something.
Haruto: "I know what you did eight years ago."
Director: "H-How do you two know about that?!"
Haruto: "You should atone for your sin. There isn't just one way to do that, either."
If we could expose the truth, this man would end up going to prison... but what we need right now isn't his indictment.
Haruto: "If you feel at all guilty about what you've done, now's the time to come clean!"
Director: "Gh—I-I can't breathe...!"
All the blood had rushed to my head, and before I knew it, I was grabbing the director by his lapels. A commotion began to form around us.
It'd be bad to cause a scene, but I can't forgive this man. My logic couldn't control my impulses, and I only gripped his collar harder.
Asahi: "Haruto, out of the way."
I regained my calm when I heard Asahi's voice from behind me. I turned around, thinking she was going to admonish me, but was instead surprised by what I saw.
Haruto: "...What's that?"
Asahi: "A tree. There's plenty of them over there."
Asahi was dragging a plant about as tall as she was under her arm.
I looked over at the wall, where there were pots with decorative plants in them, and found that only one of them had nothing growing in it, or rather, had its plant plucked out of it.
If they heard Asahi say "there's plenty of them over there," I'm sure all the plants in the world would tremble.
Director: "Ack! Wh-What are you doing?!"
Asahi held the tree by its roots and began whacking the director with it.
Asahi: "I'm purifying you. Plants cleanse things that are dirty."
Asahi: "I'll hit you as many times as it takes for you to tell the truth."
Director: "A-Are you crazy?! Knock it off!"
Haruto: "You're the one who's crazy, Director! Hurry up and tell us what you know!"
I noticed the hospital staff running over to us.
Just when I thought maybe it was hopeless and we should make our escape, the door that had been stubbornly shut all this time started to creak open.
Director: "I-I get it! I'll talk! Please just stop her!"
An Atori facility in the industrial district. Mikuriya Akeno seemed to be doing some sort of research there.
After getting that information out of the director, Asahi and I fled the hospital.
As we headed through the sewers to avoid being spotted, Asahi and I discussed what would probably be waiting for us.
Haruto: "They probably won't let us into the facility, even if we find it."
Haruto: "It's her we're talking about, after all. She'll probably be expecting us."
Asahi: "You might be right."
Haruto: "If that happens, there'll be a fight. We might be up against a lot of people, and it's just the two of us."
Haruto: "Let me ask one more time: you're really coming...? We have no idea what'll happen if they capture us."
Asahi: "Two people open up more paths than one. That's why you have a partner to begin with. Of course I'll go with you."
Haruto: "...I know you never change your mind after deciding something, but you really are stubborn. Not that I can talk, of course."
Asahi: "Heheh, we're two peas in a pod, aren't we?"
No matter what anyone says, Asahi will never yield. If so, all I need to do is protect her with everything I've got—and the two of us need to bring Riku-chan back home.
At the address we'd gotten out of the director, we did indeed find an Atori facility.
Across the street facing the building—from the shadows, we observed the entrance.
There was something like a gate at the entrance, restricting access to the facility. The lights were on in the small structure before us, so there was probably a security guard inside.
Asahi: "What do we do?"
Haruto: "We could look for another way in... but it's protected by walls all around, and even if we get inside, we don't know where Riku-chan is."
It isn't even guaranteed that she's here in this building.
Haruto: "If the two of them are here, the security guards at the entrance would probably know about it. We should probably make sure before we go inside."
Haruto: "You stay here, Asahi. Don't worry, I won't leave you behind."
Asahi: "Got it. Be careful, Haruto."
I left Asahi there watching me worriedly and calmly crossed the street. When I was all the way across, the man in the guard station noticed me.
I gave him a little smile so that he wouldn't be suspicious of my true motive.
Security Guard: "What are you doing here? This is no place for kids."
Haruto: "Sorry, I heard a friend of mine was staying around here."
Security Guard: "A friend of yours?"
Haruto: "Yes. A girl around my age with long hair."
Security Guard: "Ah, a girl did come here today. So you're her friend, are you?"
Haruto: "Yes. Actually, she told me to come see her here."
Security Guard: "Got it. Gimme a minute, I'll call inside and ask."
Riku-chan is here. Just learning that is a major step forward.
All we need to do now is get inside and search for her. And to do that... I feel bad, but this man's going to have to take a nap—I felt the guilt of raising a hand against someone who wasn't involved in this.
But I soon realized that I was wrong about something.
The security guard's hand wasn't going to the phone—it went to his waist, where he had a gun in a holster.
I quickly ducked below the window, then I took off across the street.
The gunshots ringing out behind me didn't allow me any time to think.
I hurriedly leapt into the shadows where Asahi was hiding. My heart was pounding in protest.
Haruto: "Haah, haah, that was close...!"
Asahi: "Are you okay?! You're not hurt?!"
Haruto: "I'm alright. I've seen those guns before. They're nonlethal Magi that BURST uses."
Haruto: "The bullets are rubber, but when they hit, they shock you and you can't move. Be careful."
I stuck half my head out from cover. There had just been one before, but now there were several armed guards by the entrance. They must be Atori security.
Haruto: "—?! We can't get close like this...!"
But staying back here won't solve anything.
Will we just have to make a break for it...? From the looks of them, the guards aren't Casters. None of them are wearing Rings, and they've all got Magi.
If I throw a fireball at them, we can rush them while they're distracted—while I was trying to decide whether to bet on that chance, the gunfire suddenly stopped.
I cautiously checked the gate once more. All the guards were looking in the same direction, and it looked like someone had come out of the building. I narrowed my eyes, trying to make sure of what was going on. When the figure came under the light, I was able to make it out more clearly.
It was someone we knew well.
Asahi: "It's Atorin...!"
Haruto: "Riku-chan!"
That face, attractive even when frowning—I was sure it was the Riku-chan we'd been searching for.
Riku-chan said something to the security guards at the gate. Upon hearing her orders, they retreated into the facility.
Asahi: "Let's go."
We showed ourselves and walked over to the entrance. Noticing us, Riku-chan looked our way.
Something was off about her—but she had on the same sort of sour face she always wore.
Maybe it was the Magi she held in her hand... but that didn't explain it either.
Riku: "It was just as Akeno-san said. I'm surprised you found me here."
Haruto: "We heard from the hospital director... but we can talk about that later! Come on, let's go home."
Asahi: "......"
We'd managed to confirm Riku-chan's safety with our own eyes, yet Asahi's face remained stony for some reason.
Haruto: "Riku...chan...?"
She looked at me silently, her eyes emotionless.
Riku: "I'm sorry to tell you this when you've come all this way, but I ask that the two of you return home on your own."
As if to make a show of her feelings, Riku-chan held up her Magi and pointed the tip of it at me.
Riku: "I can't go with you. There's a duty I have to fulfill."
Haruto: "Duty... what are you talking about, Riku-chan...?!"
Asahi: "...Atorin made her decision. She knows what path she's taking."
Asahi: "But that path won't lead anywhere. You won't get to the Land of Dreams like that."
Riku: "Well, you two are welcome to head there together. I have no intention of accompanying you."
She loaded her Magi—it made her rejection of us all too clear.
The two of us went flying through the air—I landed face-down and little bits of concrete rained down on my back.
Haruto: "Asahi, are you okay?!"
Asahi: "Yeah, I'm fine."
I turned around as I stood up and found that the ground where we were just standing had a large chunk gouged out of it.
If we'd taken even a little more time getting away—from the destroyed concrete, it was clear what would have happened to us.
Riku: "I think you know now how serious I am. If you don't want to die, please just leave."
Riku: "I'd rather not see any human bodies exploding into tiny pieces, myself."
Haruto: "What are you thinking, Riku-chan?! Why are you attacking us?!"
Riku: "Because you're trying to take me with you when I have something I need to do here."
Haruto: "Something you need to do? You're not accepting Akeno-san's demands, are you...?!"
Riku: "Can you think of anything else I'd be referring to?"
Haruto: "But you can't do that! If you give your heart to her, what's going to happen to you?!"
Riku: "Humans can't live without a heart, generally. I know you're not all that smart, Haruto-san, but I assumed even you would know that."
She said it bluntly, as if it had nothing whatsoever to do with her, as if she simply found it uninteresting.
Riku-chan intended to grant Mikuriya Akeno's wish.
But if she did that, Riku-chan's life would—
Riku: "I did agonize over the decision at least a little, of course. It's not as if my own life isn't dear to me."
Haruto: "Then—"
Riku: "But there was nothing else besides that. No matter how much of a distance I looked at everything from, that was all I found."
Riku: "I was the one who stole someone else's place in the world, so when I'm told to give it back, that's all I can do, isn't it?"
Haruto: "No! You didn't know anything! Doing things like this... it's not right!"
Riku: "There are many things in this world you can't get away with just because you didn't know any better."
Riku: "If you can't settle a clash of opinions with words, then I guess you have to rely on other methods, don't you?"
Haruto: "Riku-chan..."
I had no words that could heal her heart.
I had no solution that everyone could be satisfied with. If we were up against some monster plotting world domination, I wouldn't have to feel so frustrated...
But instead, we're up against a regular person. If both sides aren't wrong, then what exactly is right—
Riku: "Let's not make this too complicated. If you win, Haruto-san, you can do whatever you like. Simple, isn't it?"
Riku: "Of course, 'simple' and 'easy' are two completely different things—"
Riku: "And I won't go easy on you. Unfortunately, I'm not that confident in myself."
With a heavy sound, a cylindrical cartridge was ejected from her Magi and a new cartridge was loaded in.
—She's preparing to attack. That's proof that she's now ready to unleash a different kind of magic.
Riku: "So, let's begin negotiations."
A magic circle formed before the Magi—this was happening right in front of me, and I needed to be ready for it. I unsheathed my Magi as well, preparing to intercept her magic.
Haruto: "Gaah!!"
I held my materialized Magi in front of me to try to defend against the gust she'd summoned, but the swirling air pressure condensed and sent me flying easily.
Haruto: "Gh—"
I managed to soften the fall and regained my footing.
Riku: "Next time you won't get away with mere scrapes."
Haruto: "Dammit, Riku-chan, you blockhead!"
Riku: "I never thought I'd hear that from you, Haruto-san."
The way she handled her Magi, her face like a mask, was exactly like that Collector I'd seen last year.
I didn't have the option to just take the next gale she threw at me like I did the first one.
Riku-chan's Magi produces more power the more times its trigger is pulled.
That means it expends more energy, of course, but that's no issue as long as you have more cartridges.
Meaning if I defend against the magic she's shooting at me now the same way I did before, the result won't be the same.
I'll take lethal damage, in fact.
I succeeded in my desperate attempt to avoid the attack, and a dense wave of air sped past me.
In its path there was a straight fissure in the concrete that made its power all too clear.
I won't get anywhere just doing this.
Regardless of her reasons, Riku-chan has definitely resolved herself. If I don't respond to her with the same level of resolve, I'll just end up crushed.
Haruto: "If you won't understand with words...!"
I'll take Riku-chan away from here, even if I have to do it against her will.
Asahi: "Haruto, what are you going to do?"
Haruto: "All we can do is force her to come with us. I didn't want to do anything violent, but..."
Haruto: "We'll subdue her by force. And to do that, we'll first have to stop her from resisting, either by breaking or stealing her Magi."
Asahi: "I got it. I'll help."
Haruto: "I feel like if you hit her with your magic, you'll blow Riku-chan away along with her Magi, but..."
Asahi: "I can't do that! That would mean I haven't overcome my trial!"
Haruto: "Then look for an opportunity to back me up from behind. And don't you dare hit me or Riku-chan with your magic, okay?"
Asahi: "...I'll try."
Asahi's magic is definitely the strongest, power-wise. I felt its terrible might when she saved me with it the other day.
But we aren't up against a wall this time. In this instance, we can't rely on Asahi. I have to do something about this myself.
Riku: "I'm glad you've finally gotten in the mood to fight. It'll be easier for me now too."
I'm well aware that I'm not up against someone who's pulling their punches. But I still have to do this just the same.
And now that that's decided, I have to strike quickly. I'll win this in one instant—
I swung my fist down, and flames spread out in two directions along the ground. They traced a circle around Riku-chan.
But before the circle could be completed, one of the trails of flame was blown away.
Riku: "Naive. If you want to neutralize a foe without harming them, you need an overwhelming advantage in strength."
Riku: "You either don't understand that, or you seriously think you can do it."
Riku: "Either way, you're about the same amount of stupid."
In contrast to her relaxed tone, her actions were precise—she attacked me mercilessly, in a single instant.
The attack was an invisible burst of compressed air.
If I was watching the way her Magi faced when she released the magic, I could avoid her attacks.
Haruto: "Kh—!"
It's frustrating that she gets in the way every time I try to close the distance between us, but I'm not going to be able to make a difference unless I do.
I called up a wall of flames between Riku-chan and me. I couldn't see her anymore, but she couldn't see me either.
I can't see her Magi, so if she shoots through the wall, it could be over for me. But there isn't a very good chance she'll hit me by just blindly shooting through the wall.
Of course, the possibility's definitely there, even if it isn't high. It reminds me of a certain toy where you stick swords into a barrel...
The only thing that's different is that if she hits me, I won't be flying upward.
Just like I thought she would, Riku-chan let out her magic at the wall, trying to put out the flames. She didn't like not being able to see me either.
Her magic blew away about a third of the wall. Next, she went for the middle, and all that was left was the right side—where I was hiding.
If I remained here, I'd go flying just like that toy. But unlike the toy, I could change which spot I was in.
The second I heard her pull the trigger, I leapt out from behind the wall.
The rest of the wall blew away with the gust. When I looked back at where I'd just been, the concrete was smashed like it had been hit by a steel ball or something similar.
Riku: "What are you trying to do? Stay put, why don't you?"
Haruto: "You were unlucky, Riku-chan. And when you're unlucky, it means that God isn't on your side."
Riku: "Haahh, I see you've been infected by Asahi-san. You're starting to go strange, just like her."
Haruto: "It's the truth. Your attacks won't hit me, Riku-chan. If you think they will, then try it out."
Riku: "You're unusually confident, aren't you? Hard to believe you normally can't do anything without me helping you."
Riku: "But I do resent your words... so I think I will try."
Her tone was calm, but her attacks shot towards me like violence given physical form.
It took all I had to block them, and I couldn't manage to approach her again, but that was fine. I just waited for the chance I was sure I would eventually get.
If my experience has taught me anything, I think that chance will be coming soon.
I gripped my Magi tighter, ready for the opportunity.
A cartridge was ejected from Riku-chan's Magi, signalling that she'd reached the limits of a single cartridge.
If she wanted to shoot more magic, she'd have to load another cartridge. And Riku-chan took out a new one just like I expected her to.
—I didn't intend to let the chance I'd been waiting for pass by.
I poured Elements into my Magi. Flames spat out of all the emitters on the sword at the same time.
I thrust out my Magi, now exerting explosive propulsive force, and flew straight through the air toward Riku-chan.
The distance between us disappeared, and there was a metallic clang as our Magis clashed.
I couldn't stop her from reloading the cartridge, but with me this close, she couldn't make use of it anyway.
Haruto: "If I close the distance, it's my win."
Riku: "Taking advantage of me reloading? When on earth did you learn to use your head like that?"
Haruto: "I'm serious about this too. If there's an opportunity, I'll take it."
We looked at each other across our weapons, which were locked in combat.
Riku: "You should be this serious all the time."
If we're not relying on our Magi's functions, I should be able to hold my own in a pure contest of strength. If I can just knock Riku-chan's Magi away—
Riku: "I guess that no matter what happens, the true essence of a person never really changes."
Suddenly the pressure on my hands disappeared. Riku-chan quickly slid away, and I lost my balance.
Riku: "You can't close the gap between us like that."
A blow came from outside my awareness—under my chin—and fireworks burst in front of my eyes.
I thought I could recall experiencing the same thing sometime recently, but my addled brain couldn't dredge up the exact memory.
Riku: "You're still the same sweet Haruto-san who can't raise a hand against a girl, even at a time like this."
Riku: "But I'm not so weak as that. If someone's in my way, I'll do whatever it takes to get rid of them, whether it's a knee strike or anything else."
Haruto: "R-Riku-chan...?!"
Riku: "It's not over yet."
She sent a ruthless kick to my face while I lay stuck on the ground.
I'd thrown myself back to soften the blow, opening up space between us and leaving myself open to magic attack.
Riku: "Now it's over."
"Run"—no matter how hard my brain sent that message, the rest of me just wouldn't cooperate.
The point-blank explosion made short work of me.
I was easily sent flying, and finally stopped after rolling a few times.
My whole body was screaming, and I couldn't even assess the damage I'd taken. All I was sure of was that I was hurting all over.
Asahi: "Haruto!!"
Asahi: "Haruto, get a hold of yourself!"
Haruto: "Ugh..."
It felt like all my bones were creaking. I strained my muscles nervously and managed to move the fingers on both hands.
Haruto: "Asahi, get away... It's dangerous to stick around..."
Asahi: "No! I won't leave you, Haruto."
I needed to protect Asahi, but the damage I'd taken wasn't trivial enough that I could get over it with just willpower alone. It took all I had to stand up, and I wasn't particularly steady on my feet, either.
Asahi: "Don't push yourself. Just rest here, Haruto."
Haruto: "Rest...? What are you gonna do?"
Asahi: "I'm angry. So I'm going to go let off some steam."
Haruto: "Let off—Asahi?!"
I tried to stop her, but my hand closed around nothing. Asahi walked off in Riku-chan's direction, and I didn't have the strength to hold her back.
Riku: "I'd stay back if I were you. You don't want to end up like him too, do you?"
Asahi: "If you think you can do it, go ahead and try."
Riku: "......"
Their gazes met in the air between them, but even then, Asahi kept moving forward.
Riku: "That's right, you're not one to listen to reason either, are you?"
Riku: "...Well, don't say I didn't warn you."
The ice-cold tip of Riku-chan's weapon pointed at Asahi. She didn't hesitate at all.
Asahi: "......"
But even with that fearsome sight before her, Asahi literally didn't give an inch.
Riku: "...What a fool you are."
Haruto: "ASAHI!!"
There was a roar. Pieces of asphalt went flying—but amidst all that, Asahi remained on her own two feet.
The explosion must have missed her. Her feet had stopped, but now they began moving forward once more.
Riku-chan didn't stop her attack. She shot off more magic, and the area around Asahi erupted.
But this time Asahi didn't even stop like she had before. She appeared larger than life, and I could sense a conviction from her that made it clear she'd never yield.
Riku: "Stay back...!"
Riku-chan was scared now, nothing like how she'd been earlier.
Maybe that was why her magic couldn't hit Asahi—but it was more likely that she'd been overpowered by Asahi's strength when the latter refused to yield to her threats.
Asahi: "There are times when you come to the wrong answer, even if it's a question you've been agonizing about."
The distance between them was closing.
And it wasn't an act of God doing it.
There was no other reason than that Rikudou Asahi was making it happen.
Asahi: "So when you come up with those wrong answers, it's your partners' job to help correct you."
Riku: "Are you insane?! Are these trials or whatever so important to you...?!"
Asahi: "My trials are very important. But—"
And finally, the distance between them had completely vanished.
Asahi: "Even if they weren't, I'm sure I'd choose to do the same thing."
Asahi: "Because you're one of my precious partners too."
Riku: "......"
All it took was one look at them to realize that Riku-chan never had the determination to hurt Asahi.
But I can't imagine she was holding back with her threats. No one could have predicted that she'd continue on through those explosions.
Asahi: "I'm sure you thought really hard about this, Atorin. You thought, and made a decision you wouldn't regret. I'm sure of that."
Asahi: "But when you have to make a truly important decision, what you need is neither knowledge nor judgment."
She may have only been speaking based on hindsight, but I got the feeling that it was only natural that Asahi could do this.
Asahi: "What you need is courage. Courage to take that step into the darkness."
Asahi: "I don't think there was any courage in the answer you came to, Atorin. It seems to me like you're just running away."
Riku: "I'm giving up my life, the most anyone can give, so I don't think you have any right to tell me I'm running away."
Asahi: "We can give up our own lives more easily than you might think. The true fear of death isn't in our own, after all."
Riku: "...You're always the same, even at a time like this, huh? I've gone beyond surprise at this point. It's almost funny."
Asahi: "As long as they're alive, no one can experience death. So they can only understand that fear from witnessing the deaths of others."
Asahi: "We equate the fear of losing someone important to losing ourselves. We're not really scared of our own deaths."
There was weight to her words. I'm sure she thought this way because she'd lost her family.
Asahi: "If you want to laugh, then laugh. But I won't let you do this. I won't allow you to go down the wrong path, Atorin."
Riku: "...You could never understand how I feel. Stop being so conceited...!"
Asahi: "I don't understand. So tell me. Let's think this through together, me, Haruto, and you."
Asahi: "After all, we're partners."
The balance of power between them had flipped. The Riku-chan who'd had total control of the situation before was nowhere to be found now.
Asahi had completely overwhelmed her, and now she was confused. So much so that she had no time to spare worrying about me—
Riku: "......!"
Unable to take anymore, Riku-chan brought her Magi up, intending to swing it down on Asahi.
Asahi crouched down there without turning back, exactly as I'd told her to. How could she move so quickly when she couldn't even see what was going on behind her? It was because she trusted me—
And if that's true, not responding to her trust wouldn't be right. It wouldn't be playing fair.
I'd managed to get myself moving again before this chance arrived. I left myself to the propulsive force of my Magi and sped over to the two of them.
It wasn't hard to knock Riku-chan's Magi away after taking her by surprise.
The Magi, separated from Riku-chan's hands, flew through the air and finally hit the ground with a clang.
Haruto: "It's our win now. I'd like you to come quietly, since I don't have the courage to fight as dirty as you, Riku-chan."
Asahi: "You need more courage too, Haruto."
Asahi stood back up and faced Riku-chan alongside me.
Just like she'd said, we had to help when Riku-chan couldn't handle a problem by herself. She was the one who had supported me when I lost my way, after all.
Haruto: "This thing with Akeno-san... Well, honestly, I'm not sure what to do about it either, but I know that you dying is definitely not right, Riku-chan."
I lowered my Magi and held my hand out to her.
Riku: "......"
Haruto: "Well, let's get out of here first. Those guards might come back—"
Riku: "...I'm not like you two."
Haruto: "Riku-chan...?"
All the skin on my body started tingling. I felt a stinging sensation, and it had nothing to do with my mental state.
The air was trembling. And it was all coming from the girl in front of me.
Everything went white in front of me. After a moment, I could make out faint outlines, but everything was still tinged with that white.
I faced the direction the piercing roar had come from and found one of the trees growing by the side of the road had split in two. Sparks were smoldering in the division.
Riku: "It's not as if I can't fight without my Magi."
Haruto: "Th-This is your magic...?!"
Riku: "To be precise, it's the magic of Akeno-san's sister. 'Magic aptitude transferal.' Up until just recently, I'd thought it was my own..."
Riku: "It puts a burden on my heart when I use this. That's why I've avoided it as much as possible and Akeno-san has advised me to do so as well. Knowing what I do now, I understand why."
Riku: "Because it would inconvenience her for me to use my magic and drop dead because of it."
Riku-chan wore a self-deprecating smile.
She hardly ever smiles, and usually my heart pounds whenever it happens, but there was nothing charming about this one.
Riku: "...Yes? What is it? Yes, I'm taking care of them right now. I'll be right back."
Riku-chan put her hand to her ear, conversing with someone.
Riku: "I'm sorry, it looks like we're out of time. I'm not going to play along with you anymore either."
Asahi: "No! Just talk to us! Otherwise there will be no going back!"
Riku: "......"
Asahi: "—?!"
A light like a rift in space appeared between Riku-chan and Asahi, and the latter collapsed like a puppet with its strings cut.
Riku: "I'm sorry. But when I talk to you, I feel like I'm losing my mind."
Haruto: "Riku-chan...!!"
Riku: "Are you angry? I suppose that's only natural, since I've hurt your precious partner."
Riku: "But you should worry about yourself more, Haruto-san."
Riku-chan said, raising her hand like she was pointing at the sky.
I'm not so stupid I don't know what's going to happen to me. No matter how fast someone is, no human can dodge lightning.
Haruto: "...Even if this is the path you've chosen, Riku-chan, I won't accept it."
Riku: "I'm sure you won't. If you were someone who could be convinced with mere words, we wouldn't be doing this."
That was the most I could do to display my resolve. It was my final form of resistance, even if it was just pointless courage.
Riku: "Well, goodbye. I don't think we'll meet again."
I looked up to the sky and saw the flash of light.
Come to think of it, I think one time I heard you'd get struck by lightning if you went out in the rain with an umbrella, so I ended up running through a storm without one.
My consciousness was cut short before any more nostalgic memories could replay.
====================E111.TXT====================
When I opened my eyes, a world of nothing but white expanded before them.
Haruto: "Where am I...?"
I can't remember how I got here at all. Something's bothering me, but I can't figure out what that is either.
I feel like I'm forgetting something important. There was something I needed to do, wasn't there?
Yuuji: "What are you spacing out for? The match isn't over yet!"
Haruto: "D-Dad...?!"
Yuuji: "You gonna give up and run away when the game's not even called? I don't remember raising a coward like that."
Haruto: "I never said I was running away. I can still play."
Yuuji: "Oh yeah? Then get up and run. The grounder you hit's still rolling."
Yuuji: "Your opponent's out there trying to get that ball in their glove. This is no time to stand around watchin' 'em."
Haruto: "You don't have to tell me that. I know. I don't even have time to talk to you like this."
Yuuji: "That's right, that's the spirit. You don't have the skills to hit a home run, so you've gotta get out there and run those bases as fast as you can."
Haruto: "W-Wait, Dad! There's more I want to ask you—"
Haruto: "Agh?!"
Yuuji: "There's no time for that, is there? You'd better hurry."
Haruto: "S-Still, you don't have to hit me?!"
Yuuji: "That wasn't my hand! Your cute little teammate's calling you. Go to her already."
Yuuji: "If you want to talk, go find the real me. He'll hear you out any time."
Leaving me with that, Dad faded into the light. I've gotta get going too—I feel like someone's calling me.
There isn't just one thing I need to do. But I'm not skilled enough to handle them all at once. All I can do is throw myself at the wall in front of me—
When I opened my eyes, the sight of Asahi straddling me leapt into them.
Asahi: "Haruto, wake up!!"
Her face was pale, and her raised hand soon came down hard on me.
Haruto: "W-Wait, I'm awake—"
Haruto: "Agh?!"
Asahi: "Oh, you're awake..."
Haruto: "...You could have been a little gentler, couldn't you...?"
I felt an abnormal pain in both of my cheeks, and the taste of iron was spreading throughout my mouth. From this information, I gather that I'd passed out and Asahi had been doing everything she could to wake me up.
Haruto: "Thank you, though. This is no time to be taking a nap."
This is an emergency. We can't be picky about our methods. I'm not going to get angry at Asahi over a little pain.
Haruto: "Where's Riku-chan...?"
Asahi: "I don't know. I just woke up myself. There was no one around when I came to."
Haruto: "Got it. I don't know why they didn't capture us, but if we can move freely, there's no reason to stay here."
I put my hands on my knees and stood up. My body felt unsteady and a bit like it wasn't my own. Probably a side-effect of Riku-chan's magic.
Haruto: "Kicked, thrown around, electrocuted, and finally slapped as hard as possible in the face. Today is really not my day."
I rolled my shoulders. Well, I can still run, at least.
Haruto: "If we can't save Riku-chan after all this, what will I have taken all this abuse for? It wouldn't be worth it at all. That wouldn't be playing fair."
Asahi: "You're right. Let's save her no matter what. Wrongs must be righted. Otherwise, you're not playing fair."
It was simple for us to get on the same page, and it was clear where we were headed. Just like how home base is connected to first by a white line, there's only one way for us to go.
We took off together for the inside of the facility.
We proceeded through the building while paying careful attention to our surroundings... but for all our caution, we didn't see a single soul inside.
There were doors here and there along the quiet halls, but they were all locked, so we couldn't get inside.
So naturally, we were limited to a single path forward. I couldn't shake the feeling we were being led somewhere, but even so, I knew we wouldn't turn back. No matter whose plans we're walking into, we have to keep moving forward.
After a little while, we came to a door at the end of the hall. It slid open, and revealed a large room beyond.
Haruto: "That's as far as we can go."
The dim room was lit only by the light of machinery, and we could faintly make out a large monitor and several pedestals. What is this place...?
Asahi: "There's no one here."
We cautiously entered the room. Ever since the door opened, I've been feeling a strange sense of revulsion. That place where I saw my own clones—I was recalling that feeling as hard as I tried not to.
Haruto: "...What's that?"
We had reached the center of the room. We approached a large cylinder giving off a bit more light than everything else.
It was a capsule filled with some kind of liquid—and inside it, a human body slept. When I got close enough to see her face, I couldn't help but gasp.
Haruto: "H-Hina?!"
Hina slept there, unchanged from how she was a year ago. Just like the clones of myself I saw back then—
Akeno: "Keep your paws off that."
Haruto: "—?!"
We turned around and saw Mikuriya Akeno standing there languidly, her hand on her hip. Her demeanor seemed to indicate that she'd been observing us ever since we entered the room.
Akeno: "I finally got it this far. Can't have some amateur messin' with the settin's and ruinin' all my hard work."
Haruto: "...This is the clone you were talking about...?"
Akeno: "Yep. She looks just like the one that was with you, doesn't she? 'Course, that one wasn't the original either."
Akeno: "By the by, what'd you two come all the way here for? {She's} the only one I got business with."
Haruto: "We came to take Riku-chan home. Where is she? She's here, isn't she?"
Akeno: "Oh, she's in another room. No need to worry, she's still breathin'."
Akeno: "That's weird, tho'. You're here to take her home when she's got no intention of leavin'?"
Asahi: "We're here to right Atorin's mistake. That's why we've come."
Akeno: "Mistake, eh? Exactly what standards are you usin' to judge somethin' as right or wrong?"
Akeno: "Well, whatever. Either way, you're here to get in my way, yeah? Then it'll be better for all of us if we settle things right now."
Haruto: "Settle things... How?"
Akeno: "If you can't get your point across with words, you can only use violence to settle things, right? That's why wars happen. 'Course, lately there's lots of times people'll just go straight to the fightin'."
Akeno: "If you guys win, you can take her home. I'll even promise never to lay a hand on her again."
Haruto: "......"
No matter what happens, we have to save Riku-chan. Even if the use of force is inevitable. I thought I was prepared for that, but...
Akeno: "What's up? Those are pretty good terms, I'd say. You got a complaint?"
Haruto: "...It's not as if I can't sympathize at all with you. I understand well the pain of having something important taken away."
Akeno: "Huh?"
I desperately spat out words, trying to voice feelings I didn't even understand.
Haruto: "Once someone's dead, they'll never come back to life, so maybe you'll become so desperate to see them again you'll even take a clone."
Haruto: "I don't think you're the only person who would think that way. Of course, I can't accept that you want Riku-chan to give her heart back..."
Haruto: "To tell the truth, I don't want to fight you. But I can't let Riku-chan die either. Please just let her go."
Akeno: "......"
Haruto: "Even if you get the heart back, a clone is just a clone."
Haruto: "...I suppose it doesn't mean much for you to hear that from someone unrelated to all this. If you really won't be satisfied any other way, then no one else can tell you what to do."
Haruto: "But all Riku-chan did was receive a heart transplant. She didn't know anything about who it belonged to. The people you should really hate are the ones who killed your sister, right?"
Akeno: "......"
I did everything I could to put the words together to make my appeal. There was no villain here, and I couldn't bear to watch the victims of this tragedy fight.
Akeno: "I don't need to hear that from a dumbass like you. I know already."
Haruto: "If you know, then why...?!"
Akeno: "Make no mistake, I'll have everyone who took part in the experiment take responsibility. They'll get everythin' they deserve for what they did, and I'll make sure they understand why."
Haruto: "Riku-chan didn't participate in the experiment of her own will. Taking her life for that is too much...!"
Akeno: "That's true. She didn't know anythin'. Unlike the others. You've got a point there."
Haruto: "Then...!"
Akeno: "Then what? She's got no responsibility, just 'cause she didn't know?"
Akeno: "If you don't know anythin', you should just live out your life in peace? You want the sacrifices of the weak to just be buried?"
Haruto: "W-Well..."
Akeno: "The strong prey on the weak. Those are the rules of nature. They're one of the few guarantees in this world."
Akeno: "There's nothin' you can do about the weak bein' killed. We were weak then, so the strong preyed upon us."
Akeno: "It happened because we were too naive. It was our own damn fault, really."
Haruto: "Don't talk like that, please. That's too horrible."
Akeno: "Well, it's the truth. That's why I stopped lettin' others prey on me. If you're doomed to die if you don't prey on others, it's only natural to choose to live that way, innit?"
Akeno: "Sayin' 'I didn't know anything' just means you can't complain if you die as a result."
I wanted to tell her that wasn't right. It's too heartless to claim that it's someone's own fault if they get deceived.
But that would just be a common-sense platitude. It couldn't compare at all to the weight of her words, based on her own terrible experiences.
Akeno: "Well, there's some truth to what you're sayin' too. Even with the heart back, a clone's a clone. Nothin'll change that."
Akeno: "But I'm aware of that, okay? I'm well aware. I'm an adult, after all."
Haruto: "Then why?"
Akeno: "Aware of it all, I thought about what I wanted to do and decided to do it."
Akeno: "There's no meanin' behind that. I do it 'cause I can. That's all."
Haruto: "Because you can...? But that's..."
Akeno: "It's important, y'know? Doing what you can. If you can do somethin' but you don't, that leads to regrets later."
Akeno: "And I'm done with that. I'm fed up with regrettin' my own powerlessness after the fact."
Haruto: "......"
Do it because you can.
When I heard that, I felt like I'd learned that something I'd thought was a huge wall in front of me was actually nothing but an illusion.
Like reality was actually a lot simpler than I'd thought it was.
Akeno: "By your standards, I'm a bad guy, right? Then you'll have to defeat me. Destroyin' evil's the mission of every hero, ain't it?"
Akeno: "I can't imagine you've got the brains to persuade me, and I'm not so nice that I'm gonna keep answerin' questions for you brats."
Akeno: "So why don't we get started? There's a way to settle things between us that's easier to understand than anythin' else."
My words won't reach Akeno-san. But even though they won't reach, it would be wrong to stop trying.
If that's the case, then there's one last thing for me to do. If I can do it, it's what I have to do—
Haruto: "I will save Riku-chan. Even if that's not what you want, Akeno-san."
I materialized my miniaturized Magi and took a stance filled with determination.
Akeno: "Bring it on, you snot-nosed little brat. Ain't no kid's gonna go easy on me!"
Even with my weapon in my hands, there was no crack in Akeno-san's composure.
Haruto: "Get back, Asahi. I'll handle this."
Asahi: "......"
She didn't say anything, so I turned back to Asahi and found her staring at me with a serious look in her eyes.
Asahi: "...I got it. But be careful, Haruto."
Haruto: "Don't worry. I'm sure we'll save Riku-chan."
Akeno: "Big words."
Akeno: "I won't hold back either, then!"
Haruto: "That's—"
Something suddenly materialized in Akeno-san's hands like the very embodiment of violence. It had a familiar form—
Akeno: "Wouldn't be fair if only you got one, right? I think I'll use my own."
Haruto: "That Magi is..."
Akeno: "Yep. This is another in that series of high-end devices. Looks a lot like hers, don't it?"
Her Magi, which I was seeing for the first time, had looked familiar because it resembled Riku-chan's Magi.
If she can use that kind of high-end device, that means Akeno-san's a Caster too—
Akeno: "You'll be able to feel the details in a moment or two."
Akeno-san pulled the trigger on her Magi just like Riku-chan would.
If it works the same way Riku-chan's does, it should be the kind that shoots magic from a distance. I'll be at a disadvantage this far away from her.
Akeno: "Stop makin' such a grim face and come at me already. You know you don't have the head for that much thinkin' anyway."
Haruto: "...Alright. Here I come."
I made up my mind and took off. There's no time for thinking. I just have to break down the wall in front of me.
I bridged the distance between us in one bound and swung down my Magi with all my strength.
I was aiming to destroy Akeno-san's Magi—that was the only way to win without taking my opponent's life.
Akeno: "—Sooo slow."
My attack had come after a running approach and a long swing, but her halberd-shaped Magi blocked it easily.
Through the sparks flying, I could see Akeno-san standing straight up—she'd blocked my attack, which I'd put all my strength into, without taking any sort of fighting stance.
How—? At the same moment the question raced through my mind, I lost sight of that halberd-wielder.
Akeno: "What's wrong? That's not all you've got, is it?"
I shivered upon hearing the voice right at my ear. Behind me. Behind me. She's behind me? Impossible. She'd disappeared in no time at all, holding that Magi that was almost as tall as her with just one hand. And she's already behind me?
Haruto: "Gh!"
I shoved down the fear that was starting to bloom within me.
I kicked the floor as I turned around, dashing toward Akeno-san and her composed grin.
I pressed in on her. It was an inescapable distance. I'll hit her—it was a vague certainty, but it came as a result of all of my experience.
Akeno: "Too bad. Another miss."
Akeno-san pulled back just before we hit. Our blades slid against each other and I staggered two, then three steps from my momentum.
Haruto: "Gah?!"
There was an impact on my back after I lost my balance. The ceiling extended in front of me. I see, she knocked me down.
Akeno: "You seem to get kicked a lot, you know that?"
She was toying with me. If she'd used her halberd, which gleamed like a wet katana, she would have taken my life for sure.
Haruto: "So that's what that Magi does...?"
Akeno: "Correct. That's an unusual display of intelligence, comin' from you!"
I thought Akeno-san was just a developer—a complete amateur in the realm of actual combat.
There was no way she could avoid an attack from me without even taking a stance.
Akeno: "This is a new model, see. It's of a completely different quality than yours. It looks heavy, right? But when you hold it, it feels just like a rolled up newspaper."
Akeno-san tossed the halberd around like it was an apple in order to show me that she wasn't just bluffing.
Akeno: "The moment you touch it, it automatically adjusts its mass to the perfect settings to not put any burden on its user."
Akeno: "Even if you were to take me by surprise, the device can predict it to an extent and correct for that."
Akeno: "All that sweaty trainin' stuff's a thing of the past. All I need to take you on is this machine."
The new model of Riku-chan's Magi. Its power is one thing, but it's immensely easier to use, too.
Akeno-san probably had her physical data put into it for optimization purposes. This crystallization of magic and technology has so easily made her superhuman.
Akeno: "Alright, let's try this next."
Without even giving me time to breathe, Akeno-san attacked again as easily as if she were taking a stroll.
She's quick—Aaaaaah... her attacks are heavy!!
Each strike had the weight of a finishing blow. My hands, gripping my greatsword, started to tingle and go numb.
Akeno: "You givin' up? I'm not gonna go easy on you though."
Don't be confused by her voice. Think about this from her perspective. Where would I attack from in her position—naturally, my options are limited.
She wouldn't go out of her way to attack me where I'm blocking. She was most likely to succeed—
Akeno: "Hm?"
I predicted where her attack was most likely to come from and thrust out my greatsword. She didn't expect it, and lost her balance when my weight shifted.
Seizing my opportunity, I switched out from my defensive stance and went after her hand, where I imagined she was weakest—
—but to no avail. My swing cut through nothing but air.
When I'd blocked that first attack of hers, Akeno-san had already backed off. Easily avoiding my Magi's strike, she distanced herself once more.
Akeno: "How'd you know I was gonna come at you from behind?"
Haruto: "Because I couldn't picture you attacking from head-on, fair and square."
Akeno: "Ha, you're not wrong. Looks like you're finally catchin' on!"
Akeno: "But there are things in this world you can't do anythin' about, even if you see 'em comin'."
Akeno: "I'll show you one of 'em right now."
I blocked her attack with my sword, but still couldn't quite cancel the impact and swayed a little to the right—
Akeno: "Haha, what's wrong, kiddo?"
And when I stumbled, she came at my other side with a swing {that almost broke my sword}.
She was an oni. An oni swinging a club. An oni needs no skill. It boasts of its strength, and all it has to do to prove it is swing around a lump of metal—that crushes people to bits.
Akeno: "You feelin' alright? You're drenched in sweat. If you're not up to this, you can just say so."
I couldn't shake the fear that now clung to me. It stuck like a stubborn oil stain and sapped me of my will to fight.
Akeno: "If you wanna cry and give up, now'd be the time. I'll let you go home now if you want."
Haruto: "I won't take one step back until I've saved Riku-chan."
Akeno: "...'Zat so? Let's see how much you can take, then."
A gust of wind and a scrape. She sliced my skin with just the pressure from the swing of her weapon, and drops of blood bubbled up on my cheek.
Haruto: "Gahah?!"
Her blows were fast and heavy—nowhere near weak!
I swung to the right, to the left, and felt a dull pain in my stomach. Fireworks exploded before me. I held my solar plexus and spat out stomach acid.
Akeno: "You ain't seen nothin' yet—"
Her blows came at me like rain. There was no way for me to block them all. If I took the first one, my stance crumbled and I opened myself up to the next one and the next one—it was an endless hell.
Haruto: "Flames of azure—!"
If I want to go on the offensive, first I have to defend. I brought out the flame field I was so proud of. If Akeno-san was going to rely on physical strikes, I just had to make it so that she couldn't reach me.
I shivered. Her eyes pierced me as if to say she'd seen through such shallow thinking.
Akeno: "I'm not even gonna give you the chance!"
Somewhere in my heart I was still underestimating Akeno-san, as she thrust her halberd out at me from a distance where I couldn't reach.
I'm an idiot. Physical strikes—when had I gotten that idea?
Akeno-san's weapon was a Magi. And a new model at that.
Then, rather than whatever special materials it was made of, or its mass-changing gimmick, what I should have remembered was—
Akeno: "'Don't die, now.' Aren't I so nice, tellin' you that?"
Magic. Particles of light gathered at the tip of the weapon with a strange squeaky noise.
It was too late. To my surprise, the world's fastest form of attack raced at me, far outstripping the roar that accompanied it.
Lightning. I saw a flash in the blink of an eye and by the time I knew it—
Haruto: "Ghah?!"
A human body went flying through the air as if it weighed nothing at all.
Akeno: "You really took a tumble there, huh! Don't worry, I dialed the strength down as much as I could."
I hit a wall. My back made a creaking noise, and I spat out blood along with my saliva. Even with my feet back on the ground, I couldn't put any strength into them, so I was stuck on my knees.
Akeno: "Alright, ooone! Twooo! Threeee!"
Akeno-san imitated a referee's count. I'd have at least until she got to ten to think.
You don't even need a second to activate magic, but before a Magi that can unleash such destructive power with the single pull of a trigger, {a second is too long}.
My magic was useless. I was at a disadvantage slashing with my sword as well. I could find no way to turn the tables.
Haruto: "Gh...!"
I tried to find some way to get through this, but I couldn't come up with anything. The pain probably wasn't helping me think either.
It pained me to say it, but if there was one chance of me winning... it was only because Akeno-san wasn't putting her all into it.
She knew the difference in our strengths and she was clearly holding back—that's why I was barely managing to stay alive.
Asahi: "Haruto!!"
From far away, I could hear Asahi, clearly worried about the pathetic state I was in.
My brain was trying to tell me to shut down combat operations. I felt my upper body collapsing. The floor of this research building was starting to look awfully soft.
Akeno: "Shameful. Can't ya buck up, kid?"
Haruto: "Gh...?!"
The tip of her halberd caught on my clothes and pulled me up. My body creaked again as it rose and I hit the wall behind me once more.
Akeno: "Just give up on all this. You'll feel better if you do."
Akeno-san's muttering sounded strangely clear to me.
It hurts, I'm sick of this, help me—I was captive to these screams coming from my heart. I could be freed from all this pain just by surrendering.
I wanted to be spared. It was simple. I just had to say, "spare me." If I just stopped trying, flung aside all my responsibilities, and begged for release, it would be over.
{I've already done enough}.
Haruto: "Ah... ah..."
All I had to do was put my plea for mercy, my unconditional surrender, into words. I still had the strength left to do that.
Haruto: "S-Spa......"
Some annoying noise was interrupting my thoughts.
What on earth are you showing up now of all times for? When you were the one who betrayed me. When you disappeared all on your own when I wanted you there the most—
Haruto: "I...!"
I won't run away... I can't give up!
There's something I need to do, someone I need to save!
Haruto: "This doesn't hurt at all! It doesn't even sting! I'm nowhere near done fighting!!"
I planted my feet firmly on the ground. I firmly gripped the Magi that had been about to slip out of my hands.
Akeno: "Ha, hahaha! Well said, brat! You really are the genuine article, a true dumbass among dumbasses!"
I had no countermeasures, and no guarantee I could win.
But I didn't regret my words. They were a shout from the very depths of my soul. I can't lie to my own feelings, and there's someone I must save no matter what.
It's not right to throw away things that are important to you. It's not playing fair—
Akeno: "Yeah, yeah, you've got it! That's about all you can do, isn't it?!"
Akeno-san brandished her Magi before me, looking somehow pleased. This time I could make out its movements quite easily.
"She sure is merciless..." I laughed somewhere in my heart.
This time, I'm done for sure.
Cruel reality came racing toward me. I couldn't avert my eyes, even at the last moment. That was the last resistance I could muster.
Even if I suffered a physical defeat, my heart would never give in—
I heard quiet footsteps. Our attention was called toward them as naturally as ripples forming on still water after a drop hits.
Riku: "What are you doing...?"
I was all too used to seeing that sour face. Like just a tinge of annoyance painted on an almost colorless canvas—and that tinge probably had something to do with us.
Riku: "What are you doing...?"
My words were directed at both Haruto-san, standing unsteadily like it was the very last thing he was capable of, and Akeno-san, who had most likely put him in that state.
Akeno: "What? I told you to wait until we were ready, didn't I?"
Riku: "You never said anything about this being a necessary step of the process. Why wasn't Haruto-san restrained by security?"
Akeno: "Ah, 'cause I told them to leave 'em be."
Riku: "Why...?!"
Akeno: "'Cause it seemed like it'd be more fun that way."
It was a bad habit of Akeno-san's to say things in a purposely aggravating way when she knew you were annoyed.
I'd always ignored her provocations before, but this was no time for joking around.
Riku: "Would you stop this? I told you they have nothing to do with it, didn't I?"
Akeno: "You're the only one who thinks that way, you know. These guys at the very least seem to have no intention of claimin' they're unrelated."
Haruto: "R-Riku-chan...!"
Haruto-san was in tatters, standing only with the support of his Magi. It was easy to imagine what had led up to this point.
Riku: "I believe I made myself clear. Please don't interfere with what I've chosen for myself."
Haruto: "I won't accept your decision."
Riku: "You won't... You don't have that authority, Haruto-san."
Haruto: "I'm free to make the claim even without it."
He declared it so decisively, I couldn't find any words to say in response. Even though there was nothing legitimate about his claims—he was just being stubborn.
Akeno: "Heheheh, no sound argument's gonna get through to an idiot like him. I think you've got the wrong idea here."
Riku: "Huh...?"
Akeno: "This guy's always been like this. He's one of those annoyin' idiots who don't know how to do anythin' but charge forward."
Akeno: "You realized that, didn't you? That he was a different type than you. That's why you were fond of him, isn't it?"
He has something I don't—that was why I'd unconsciously felt my eyes drawn to him. I'd even meddled in his affairs, frustrated at the way his flames had been sputtering.
Riku: "...What does that matter right now?"
Akeno: "Oh, it matters. With somebody this transparent right in front of you, how long are you gonna keep that shit up?"
Riku: "What do you mean...?"
Akeno: "I'm tellin' you to quit finding excuses to run away, you fuckin' snot-nosed little brat."
Run away...? Me...? She says I'm running away when I'm giving her my life in atonement...?
Riku: "You were the one who told me to give back the heart! That's why I'm—"
Akeno: "Don't use other people's words as a shield. What I'm askin' now is what {you} want to do."
Riku: "I..."
Asking me a question like that only confuses me. I can't find an answer.
Akeno: "I bet you're tryin' to find some kind of 'answer' that'll fix this situation. But that's where you're going about this completely wrong, see."
Riku: "But... I don't have the right to assert my own will."
Akeno: "The right! The qualification! You think you're takin' a national exam here or somethin'? Lemme tell you then: this ain't the exam hall!"
She spat out the words and sighed.
Akeno: "Like talkin' to a brick wall. Just watch from over there, then. I don't want you buttin' in, got it?"
Akeno-san walked away from me as if she'd given up and approached Haruto-san instead.
Akeno: "Well, we got interrupted a bit, but let's finish this."
Akeno-san pointed the tip of her Magi at Haruto-san, who seemed completely drained.
Haruto-san just stood there, unmoving, a look of anguish on his face. He must have taken a lot of damage up to this point.
Riku: "Please, stop! What are you going to do?!"
Akeno: "It's got nothin' to do with you!"
Akeno-san pulled the trigger all too easily, without even a trace of hesitation.
The tip of her weapon gleamed. There was a burst of condensed light that quickly enveloped Haruto-san. His body arched, his pain becoming a scream.
Riku: "What are you doing?!"
The words caught in my throat when Akeno-san smiled to me as if to say, "what, you can't tell?"
Akeno: "Anyone without the right constitution for this definitely couldn't take it. But well, he won't die. Not right away, at least."
Riku: "S-Sto—"
Asahi: "Stop!!"
Another voice roared out over my own irresolute plea.
Akeno: "Hunh? What's up, little lady?"
Asahi: "Stop this right now. If you don't, I'll shoot."
Akeno: "You'll shoot...? You'll hit him too, y'know? Isn't that a little backwards?"
Asahi: "So don't make me do it! If you stop, I won't have to!"
Akeno: "Heh, hahaha, what the hell? That's no way to make a deal with someone."
Asahi: "I'm serious."
Akeno: "I can tell, lookin' at your eyes. Guess the only partner a dumbass can have is another dumbass."
Asahi-san ended up winning that reckless bet.
Akeno: "Well, can't have this whole facility goin' under. Now put that dangerous thing away."
After their negotiations, they each put away their weapons. I couldn't understand what was going on.
Akeno: "You're makin' an awfully confused face. Why do you think she was able to stop me?"
Akeno: "If we're talkin' skill, you're much better than these two are. But you weren't the one who tried."
Akeno: "So what the hell are you holdin' back for...?"
Riku: "What am I...?"
Ever since I decided I would give this heart back, I've been prioritizing Akeno-san's wishes first in all of my thinking. It's only natural, since I'm trying to make it up to her.
Haruto: "Ugh..."
Akeno: "Hey, don't you think this kid's pathetic?"
Haruto-san was on his hands and knees, his strength sapped from all the damage he'd taken from her electrocution.
Riku: "...Only because of what you did to him."
Akeno: "I mean, I guess so."
Akeno: "...But y'know, he's not actually pathetic at all. Nobody has the right to laugh at someone who's given it everythin' they've got."
At some point the confident smile had disappeared from Akeno-san's face. Her gaze was focused solely on Haruto-san.
Akeno: "Look at the kid's eyes. His body's in tatters, but the strength in his eyes won't lose to anyone."
Haruto: "...I-I'm... going to save... Riku-chan..."
He's fighting... Haruto-san is still fighting.
He's practically delirious, and all he can do is give voice to his convictions.
For me...?
Why—How can he do so much for me? For someone else...
Haruto: "We have no right... to talk about the wounds you've suffered... Akeno-san..."
Haruto: "But I don't want Riku-chan to die..."
Haruto: "It's not right... It isn't playing fair..."
His voice is barely there—but his will to never yield comes through loud and clear.
Haruto: "...And I don't think you really want that either... Akeno-san."
Riku: "Huh...?"
There's no way. Akeno-san's devoted her entire life to bringing the sister she lost back to life. To taking back what was stolen from her.
That's why she told me the truth, and why she's trying to settle her debts like this.
Akeno: "Like you could understand anythin' about how I really feel."
Akeno: "Not just you, either. Anybody. If anybody says they can understand anybody else, they're the biggest liar in all the world!"
Akeno: "No way is somebody else gonna claim to understand somethin' even you can't. Human beings aren't made so simple that you can just divide 'em into ones and zeroes!"
How Akeno-san truly felt. If getting her sister's heart back wasn't her real goal, then just what was—
Asahi: "Haruto!"
Haruto: "...Thanks, Asahi. But I'm alright..."
Using his Magi as a crutch, Haruto-san staggered to his feet. His words weren't persuasive in the least, what with him looking like that.
Riku: "P-Please, just stop...! If you push yourself any harder, you really will die!"
Haruto: "...Asahi, you said we aren't really afraid of our own deaths, right? That we're just equating our fear of other people dying to ourselves."
Haruto: "I think now I can sort of understand what you meant. What's really scary isn't your own death."
Haruto: "It's ceasing to be yourself. I think it's much scarier to lose your reason for living."
Haruto: "What are you living for, Riku-chan...?"
Riku: "H-How am I supposed to answer that..."
For what reason have I been living?
To give Akeno-san's sister's heart back...?
No, I'm sure that's not right.
Haruto: "Even if you can't come up with it right away, I'm sure you do have an answer, Riku-chan. It's just hidden under so much right now that you can't see it."
Haruto: "I thought I'd lost mine once too. But there were people who helped me find it again, and one of them was you, Riku-chan. There's no question about that."
Haruto: "So I'll save you, Riku-chan. For your sake, but for mine, too!"
Riku: "...Please... don't talk like that...!"
I'm not so valuable a person that you should have to risk your life to defend me. I'm not like you two. I've spent my whole life just looking down on people from high up in the sky.
I'm just a liar, who stayed up in the air where it was safe and pretended not to notice my feelings of admiration for those on the ground—
Akeno: "I'm gettin' jealous! There aren't earnest guys like him just anywhere, y'know! Probably only where there are chicks as weird as you."
Akeno: "I'll honor that spirit a' yours, kid! We'll keep this up until you can't move a finger anymore."
Riku: "Stop this, both of you, please!"
Akeno: "There's no backin' down now, not for me or for him—"
Akeno-san ignored me and brandished her Magi, but she lost her balance for a moment.
Akeno: "—?! Fuck, what a disgrace... Well, guess this is as far as somebody with no trainin' can go."
Akeno-san's not used to fighting, so if she keeps swinging that Magi around, who knows what damage her body could take from it.
After their grand battle, the two of them were both completely wiped out, yet neither of them tried to call it off.
Riku: "...Please, just stop this... Why do you have to do this...?!"
I suddenly realized there were tears on my cheeks, but I had no time to be surprised at that sensation I'd all but forgotten.
Since I'd avoided interacting with people more than I had to for so long, there had been nothing to affect me so deeply.
I'd spent all my life surrounded by adults, assisting with Magi development and eliminating people who misused magic. It had been my role since the day my life was saved by that magic, and I'd thought that was enough.
Akeno: "Well, it'd be rude to this kid to give up now. It's an adult's job to punish cheeky little brats, after all."
Haruto: "Don't push yourself. It's a child's obligation to humor their elders, too."
Akeno: "I heard that, you little shit. I'll make you regret treatin' me like some old fart."
Covered in wounds, they stepped toward each other to continue trading blows.
Concerned about what would result, Asahi-san stepped forward, but she was stopped by Haruto-san's hand.
Their eyes met in the silence. But it only lasted for a second, one quickly backing off.
They abided by each other's convictions, and one gave the other a courageous push forward.
Yet, what am I doing? How long will I content myself with watching from a distance?
Akeno: "This time, we're not foolin' around. It'll be too late for regrets after I've turned you to cinders."
There are hands reaching up to pull me down to the earth. I don't have the courage to alight on my own, so they're giving everything they have to call me down.
Akeno: "Full power. You're dead, kid..."
If I'm sick of the scenery I see looking down from the sky, then I don't need these wings anymore—even if they're ripped off of me, I'm prepared to suffer that pain.
That was the one choice I could make, and it might lead me to a reason to live.
Akeno: "Get outta my sight!!"
A bundle of lightning, so blinding I wanted to look away—I know it was headed right for me.
But at the last second, Akeno-san's magic changed course and sped just past me to crash into the wall.
Akeno: "...What do you think you're doing?"
Her puzzled eyes were directed at a figure with her right hand thrust out and her face pointed down at the floor.
It was the very person we were currently fighting over.
Haruto: "Riku-chan..."
Riku-chan had wordlessly stepped between us.
Akeno: "......"
Akeno-san and I both stopped at the sight of her.
Riku-chan's action could only have been prompted by a decision she'd made.
Riku: "...I'm sorry."
Riku: "I'm sorry...!"
Akeno: "Hmm? What are you, a preschooler? How the fuck am I supposed to know what you're tryin' to say? Use your words, huh?"
Riku: "......"
After a period of silence, Riku-chan began to speak from her heart, as if enduring some terrible anguish.
Riku: "You've suffered all this time after your sister was taken from you, and I can't begin to imagine how hard it was for you to be by my side, pushing those feelings down..."
Riku: "...You probably don't want me to understand, either. Just like you said, it might not be possible to understand someone else's feelings."
Riku: "I chose death once, to try to respond to your feelings, to try to atone for my sin even a little bit."
Riku: "But I want to be in the same place as these two. And to do that, I have to say this to you...!"
Tears spilled from her eyes as a desperate plea spilled from her lips, both of them pure and devoid of any ornamentation.
Riku: "Please... Please, don't take my life...!"
Riku: "I... I'll stop being in a different place than everyone else...! I'll stop showing off...! I want to live! I want to be with these people...!"
Riku: "So I can't grant your wish...! I'm sorry...!"
Riku: "...I'm sorry...! I'm sorry...!"
She was done hiding where it was safe.
She was done justifying her need to run away.
When she decided to alight down on this vast earth, all that was left to Riku-chan were apologies that came from the bottom of her heart.
She was trying to set foot in the darkness, with no idea what lay before her—and what she needed to do that wasn't knowledge or even common sense.
We're always being tested, to see if we have the courage we need to take that step forward—
And the courage Riku-chan mustered up now to defeat her fear was well over the required amount.
—At the very least, that's how I felt about it.
Akeno: "...You're finally bein' honest, you dumb kid."
Akeno-san was smiling like she always did. But it wasn't a sneer looking down on someone... it was almost like a gentle smile a parent might give their beloved child.
Akeno: "How much work do you think it took me just to get you to say that? Christ, what a handful."
Akeno: "But y'know, seems like those two behind you wanna take care of you with all that shit included in the package. Three stooges, the lot of you! You're perfect for each other."
Riku: "......"
She gave an exasperated smile, then brandished her Magi, thought it was obviously painful for her to do so.
Akeno: "If that's what you wanna do, then you should do it. You shouldn't give a shit about what other people say."
Akeno: "'Course, I'm still gonna do what I want."
Riku: "Wh-What now...?!"
Akeno: "I'm tryin' to finish things here. Me an' that brat over there are still in the middle of a scuffle."
Akeno: "You're not done yet, I hope. {You} picked this fight with me, so you'd better stick around to finish it, y'hear?"
Haruto: "I'm just fine. You're the one who looks like you're barely standing."
Akeno: "Yeah, keep talkin'... You think you're hot shit, don't you?! Come on, let's do this!"
Riku: "Please stop...! You two don't have any reason to fight now, do you...?!"
Haruto: "Riku-chan. We haven't had a reason for a while now."
Haruto: "If I had to say why we're doing this, it's because it wouldn't feel right if we didn't. It'd leave a bad taste in our mouths. That's probably all there is to it."
Akeno: "Haha, so you {do} get it. We can't just let this end with a talk about feelings."
"Do it because you can." Akeno-san said that earlier.
It's impossible to understand someone else's feelings. That's why this is just a guess on my part, but I wonder if Akeno-san can't forgive herself for not doing something that she could have.
Never trying something and trying but failing may lead you to the same place, but they feel completely different.
And what I can do now is accept those feelings of hers head-on.
Haruto: "We're doing it because we can. That's all there is to it."
I poured all the willpower I had left into my Magi. I could barely move my legs. It would be hard for me to reach her under my own strength, so my only option was to propel myself with my Magi.
Haruto: "Here I come!!"
I released all the power I had. Heat flooded into my Magi, and it raised an ardent roar.
Akeno: "Bring it on! Gimme everything you got!!"
The torrent of power was condensed to its limit and burst out with a roar.
I left myself to the accelerating energy and threw myself forward—
====================E112.TXT====================
???/Asahi: "...to... ...ruto..."
Haruto: "Ngh......?"
Something soft was touching my cheek. When I slowly opened my heavy eyelids, I found Asahi's face in front of me.
I guess that soft sensation was Asahi's thighs. It seems that's where my head is resting now.
Asahi: "Oh good, you're awake."
Haruto: "...Huh? Where...?"
I must have lost consciousness. My memories were rather vague.
I caught sight of my Magi on the floor nearby and finally remembered what it was I was just doing.
Haruto: "Oh! What happened to Akeno-san and Riku-chan?!"
Asahi: "It's alright, they're over there."
I followed Asahi's pointer finger over to the wall where Akeno-san was sitting, Riku-chan beside her.
Before them on the floor were fragments of the Magi Akeno-san had been wielding.
Riku: "Are you alright...?"
Akeno: "Do I {look} alright? That brat didn't hold back at all..."
Riku: "......"
Akeno: "Hm? What is it?"
Riku: "...I'm sorry, this is all my fault..."
Akeno: "Tch, you gonna start this again? Spare me, would ya?"
Riku: "But..."
Akeno: "He won this fight. I lost. So you're his now."
Akeno: "You could learn somethin' from this and develop some charm befittin' of a girl your age."
Akeno: "You like him, don't ya? You keep this up and that shrimp's gonna take him."
Riku: "......"
From an outsider's perspective, the two of them almost look related. Maybe it's partly because Riku-chan is close in age to Akeno-san's sister.
No, the scene in front of me says it all. I don't think there's anything else at play here.
Akeno: "Y'know, my sister wasn't the most healthy, but she didn't care about that one bit. Put nicely, she was cheerful, and put not so nicely, she was an airhead."
Akeno: "I'm not sayin' you should be like her. There's no point in that. It's not like I wanted you to be her replacement or anythin'. I'm not so sentimental..."
Akeno: "But you should remember that there was a girl like her once upon a time. You don't need to do anything else. Just don't forget about her."
Akeno: "The only thing I won't stand for is people actin' like she never existed."
Riku: "...Yes. I'll remember."
The fact that someone named Mikuriya Hina existed is something that I'm sure we won't forget for the rest of our lives. That we can't forget.
That's our duty, since we outlived her—
Akeno: "Aww, fuck! This hurts like hell! Think I can swing worker's comp for this...?"
Akeno: "Hey, kids! What the fuck are you waitin' for? Go call for one already!"
Haruto: "Huh? Call for what?"
Akeno: "Whaddya fuckin' think? An ambulance!"
Haruto: "Oh... yeah, I guess you're right."
Of course, all the strength I'd displayed before was pretty much a bluff, and I could barely move.
Haruto: "Asahi, sorry, could you—"
Just when I was about to ask Asahi to go call for help, a high-pitched snapping noise echoed through the room.
—I felt like I'd heard that sound somewhere before. But before I could find it among my memories, another phenomenon caused me to abandon the effort.
A sharp piece of metal pierced Akeno-san's body.
What just happened—I couldn't accept the sight before me as the truth.
Why, how, I don't understand—an impossible sight, an absurd reality, was there before me.
Akeno: "Shit... I fucked... up..."
The strength went out of Akeno-san's body and she slowly collapsed like a robot that had run out of batteries.
Haruto: "Why..."
Haruto: "What have you done, Riku-chan?!"
Riku: "...Huh? Akeno...san...?"
She was looking at Akeno-san's body and her own hands, stained with blood, as if they weren't her hands at all, but someone else's entirely.
She couldn't understand the meaning of the blood staining her own body.
But reality became clearer to her, slowly but surely, like the blood soaking into her skin.
There's no way this is right.
An ending like this is just crazy... It's not playing fair—
====================F000.TXT====================
The reporters gathered in the seats, all holding their breath waiting for the leading actor to arrive, had finally respectfully bowed their heads.
The crowd's eyes were all drawn to the face of the man who got up on the podium like he was perfectly accustomed to it.
The man—Inui Naochika—hardened the expression on his already rugged face and looked out over the crowd, about to start the press conference...
Inui: "........."
Had the words he'd prepared beforehand slipped his mind? Had the microphone malfunctioned? There was a long pause where everyone made sure their recording equipment was functioning correctly.
It was a performance to stir the anticipation of those watching, which he had learned from a great man. And indeed, he'd already begun to grasp the anticipation and unease of the crowd.
Inui: "Today, I assume the post of the first ever Minister of Magic."
After another ample pause, Inui Naochika began his speech slowly, yet calmly.
Inui: "It's been a year since December 12th... and the great tragedy that occurred as a result of a lack of magic regulation."
Inui: "I would like to take this opportunity to express my condolences to the families of those sacrificed in the attacks."
Implying that the lengthy pause before his speech had been a silent prayer, he swiftly transitioned into the main topic.
Inui: "I keenly felt the political and economic unease of the people, their worries and criticism regarding the safety of magic."
The day Symbol Tower disappeared—there had been reports day and night on the OutCast terror attacks that day, but that time was now far in the past.
Inui: "We must further our studies of magic, our development of magic technology, and the people's education of magic. We must strive toward its safer usage, and dispel the fear of magic that people live with now."
The newly established Ministry of Magic became counted among the Thirteen Ministries.
Welcoming as one of its officials an expert from the country's largest Magi manufacturer, the now nationalized Atori, the ministry began using Atori's headquarters as their main office.
It soon began operating, its jurisdiction being the safety of magic society and magic regulation. In other words, research, development, and proper usage.
Inui: "The issues of magic crime prevention and education reform that our predecessors raised are still urgent matters to be considered."
With thorough reinforcement of current regulation systems, the expansion of BURST, the unmasking of OutCasts, and Ring law reform—they were already making plenty of efforts.
Inui Naochika had gained the sympathies of the people through those limited efforts.
Inui: "We are working toward the revitalization of trust in magic and prioritizing quick results, so we've appointed accomplished individuals regardless of their age or gender."
Those lined up behind him as if to provide his defense were either the founding leaders of the ministry or those who had been appointed soon after its founding as a result of their restoration efforts.
Each of them had a sunny smile on their face—and lurking behind that was a darkly glinting ambition.
......The "strong" words he directed at the people through the reporters listening there lasted about ten minutes.
Inui: "We are fully aware that the Ministry of Magic's mission is proper magic regulation, and we will strive to work in unison with the people to promote the growth of our society."
After a short breath, Inui looked out over the crowd with a slight sense of satisfaction, as his eye glinted grey with the premonition of something beginning.
Inui: "That will be all from me..."
After some uneventful questions, the press conference to mark the establishment of the Ministry of Magic came to an end.
====================F001.TXT====================
Site Worker: "Aaaaahhhhhh! Finally time for lunch! I'm starving, man!"
Newcomer/Senri: "Good work, Senpai. Here you go."
Site Worker: "Oh, thanks, new kid! Wonder what's on the menu today..."
Newcomer/Senri: "It's salmon, but the foreman's treating us to fried mackerel too, so we get a nice bonus!"
Site Worker: "Not only is that guy good at his job, he's considerate too. It's nice to have a boss like him."
Newcomer/Senri: "You like green tea, right, Senpai?"
Site Worker: "Yeah. ...And you're drinking that weird stuff again today... Actually, how come you don't get licensed, new kid?"
Newcomer/Senri: "For the forklift and excavator and such?"
Site Worker: "You're never gonna get anywhere here if you don't touch the heavy machinery. You wanna go places if you're a man, don't you?"
Newcomer/Senri: "Hmm... It seems difficult though, and a guy like me with no education or work history's probably better off lugging around steel beams instead, don't you think...?"
Site Worker: "You reeeally are a plainer guy than you look, man. You gotta see the big picture! You can't just be satisfied as expendable labor on a construction site!"
Newcomer/Senri: "So you're aiming to go places, Senpai? Starting with collecting capital? I admire your independence, really."
Site Worker: "A grave."
Newcomer/Senri: "...Huh?"
Site Worker: "One of the targets of December 12th was the station, right? My wife was there that day, and I lost her."
Site Worker: "All I could give her was this crummy little grave, y'know? I wanna fix it up a bit. Just for my own satisfaction though, right? Hahaha."
Newcomer/Senri: "...From my heart, I pray that the establishment of the Ministry of Magic means that people will be able to live in peace and safety from now on."
Site Worker: "Yep... They're rounding up all those OutCasts now too. I really think all magic should be strictly regulated by those who know how to use it right."
Site Worker: "There were those people for a while who were goin' on about liberating magic to the masses or something, right? Kokuryuu Satoru? Wonder what that guy's up to these days."
Newcomer/Senri: "He's just something of a one-hit wonder, I suppose."
Site Worker: "Speaking of big names lately, there's that Blue Blaze terrorist lately too, isn't there? I wonder what he's after."
Newcomer/Senri: "Terrorists without clear motives are nothing but madmen with too much power."
Site Worker: "Oh? What's up? What's everybody—"
Shioriko: "........."
Site Worker: "Who-hoa! What's with the lady! What's she looking for around here? Hey, new kid, is she your type?"
Newcomer/Senri: "........."
Site Worker: "Alright, it's time for some hazing, I think. Go over there and talk to her, new kid! Ask her if she'll go to a hotel with you!"
Newcomer/Senri: "........."
Site Worker: "Pfft. Come on, I'm kidding. You don't need to look so shocked. It's a little scary."
Newcomer/Senri: "No, I'll go talk to her."
Site Worker: "Hahahaha... Huh? Really?"
Newcomer/Senri: "Oh, that's right. I might be back late, so my lunch is yours if you want it."
Newcomer/Senri: "Green tea is nice too, but some Re:D Elephant's really good after hard work."
Shioriko: "Terribly sorry to bother you while you're working, but I was wondering if I could have a word..."
Newcomer/Senri: "There's no need for the formalities. If you came all the way here, you've got something interesting to say, don't you?"
Newcomer/Senri: "Hurry up and give me something that'll leave an impression on me—I'll work for it."
Shioriko: "Hahh... As though someone like you could ever be a 'new kid.'"
A year later—all the frustration I'd built up after losing all my leads was about to explode with Kamidate's appearance.
My heart was flaring up. It towered inside me, awakening my dormant curiosity and driving me to seek out new stimulations.
Newcomer/Senri: "Let's do this someplace where it'll be easier to talk. I don't care where. A hotel with nice soundproofed rooms, perhaps."
Shioriko: "You want to bed me as an advance payment for the work, eh? Unfortunately, I'm not confident enough in my sexual prowess to really call that a win-win."
Newcomer/Senri: "Don't you mean a zero-sum game?"
I took off the work clothes I was wearing and bundled them under my arm. I'd probably never put them on again.
The strength of will in Kamidate's eyes hadn't faded at all in this last year.
Shioriko: "This phrase is awfully sentimental and doesn't really have any meaning... but I find myself wanting to say it, so I think I will:"
Shioriko: "Welcome back... Senri-san."
This tough woman, hardened by her time chasing the unusual, reached out a hand in welcome to me.
I had no interest in a handshake to celebrate our reunion, so I ignored her and looked up at the sky, muttering...
Senri: "In any age, meddlers are stubborn."
Shioriko: "...We don't have to sit on this park bench out in the open. I can at least get us a room where we can talk."
Senri: "I'm making a fresh start today, and I've already determined that no one around us will be listening in."
Senri: "I've lived as a day laborer for this last year without anyone in particular sniffing around about me. We've got nothing to worry about."
Shioriko: "...Symbol Tower was destroyed on 12/12 without leaving a single trace."
Shioriko: "So what did you gain by becoming a laborer on the site of its reconstruction?"
I almost smiled at the sudden question.
Good. Kamidate's good. That heated gaze of hers as she seeks the truth stirs the embers of something inside me. A reporter who stays calm and keeps her passions hidden—Kamidate's remained the same kind of hunter.
Senri: "It's the site of what was reported as OutCast terrorism and some sort of magic-related explosion. I was just interested in it a little."
Shioriko: "But there were no leads related to the incident at the site itself."
Senri: "Guess not. The most worthwhile thing I found there was my reunion with you."
The information broadcast to the public is manipulated to be completely worthless.
I was sure of it after the press conference marking the establishment of the Ministry of Magic the other day.
The newly appointed Minister, former Academy headmaster Inui Naochika.
Atori's Magi development lab project lead Mikuriya Akeno.
The "normal" sister who rescued the injured without considering the danger at the time of the incident and helped to sustain the community, Kousaki Fiona Annabel.
And—the elusive phantom, Ruu.
The latter two were honored with awards for their restoration work after the Magus Terror Attack, and the former two assumed major posts in different sections of the Ministry.
It was clear that those up on the stage were the organization that Ruu was involved with. Their true motives were probably seizing control of the world by placing themselves in positions of power like this.
But if their only goal was seizing power, a lot of the Fraternity's actions can't be explained.
The question is how they'll use that authority now, and what they'll try to achieve with it. That's what it comes down to.
I would still have been after the Ministry of Magic if I hadn't run into Kamidate like this.
My plan was to set my sights on them and wait for an opportunity to act, but now that the situation had changed, my plans would change as well. It was time to get busy.
Senri: "Articles I imagine you'd put in your scrapbook... there's the Ministry of Magic... and the Blue Blaze, maybe?"
Shioriko: "I'm looking into those as well of course, but right now I'm after a story that would be right at home in a gossip rag."
Shioriko: "I'll need to review a little to explain, if you don't mind."
I nodded and crossed my legs the other way.
Shioriko: "After 12/12, all favorable opinions of OutCasts disappeared and the government started rounding them all up."
Shioriko: "This large-scale witch hunt, or rather, OutCast hunt, is still going on today, and you've left the entertainment district behind."
Senri: "In times like these, you've got to be flexible about how you live your life."
Shioriko: "It's just funny seeing people working for the Ministry strolling around the district like they own the place, wreaking havoc and going on about how justified their arrests are."
Senri: "A power shift. If you just look at the outcome, OutCasts are a lot less active now and crime rates have dropped. Public order has improved."
Shioriko: "Nothing but positives, eh?"
Senri: "Nothing but positives."
We both tipped back our cans of Re:D Elephant.
Shioriko: "And yet it's almost funny how sleepless I've been."
Shioriko: "Those people taking solace in this surface-level restoration and averting their eyes from the truth... when will they realize, I wonder?"
Shioriko: "This counterfeit, evil peace disturbs my sleep. For this last year, no, ever since then—"
As she stared at one point in the distance like she'd been possessed, her eyes reminded me of the sight I see in the mirror every day.
Shioriko: "Did you know that there hasn't been any progress in their OutCast arrests for the last few months?"
Senri: "...Doesn't that just mean they've almost caught them all?"
Shioriko: "If that was true, it would make sense for the number of their officers to be decreasing, wouldn't it?"
Senri: "Perhaps, like me, they've moved their sights into the city?"
Shioriko: "They're called {OutCasts} because they were never able to fit in to society in the first place. They're not all as adaptable as you."
Senri: "...Some sort of large group or organization must be sheltering them for some reason."
Shioriko: "Right. Detested by the people, spending all their days on the run, what these exhausted souls need is a place of rest."
Shioriko: "I've been investigating on that track for a long while, and eventually I came across one group."
Shioriko: "'Next'—a religious organization with a facility that can shelter a large amount of OutCasts."
Senri: "And my job is getting in to investigate it."
I see the big picture. But after something so significant as the establishment of the Ministry of Magic, I can't imagine this is the sort of information I might be after.
If I turn her down, it won't win me any points with her. Kamidate's someone I wouldn't mind owing me a favor. But is this group worth the effort?
Shioriko: "Here."
While I was contemplating my future course of action, Kamidate handed me something like an attorney's badge.
Shioriko: "This is something given to new members who have received a recommendation from a Next leader. Just think of it like an entrance pass."
Well, this just got a lot more suspicious.
If she's got a pass, why can't she just investigate?
She shouldn't need my help.
I didn't show any indication of my suspicions, but Kamidate must have sensed them from my slight pause regardless.
Shioriko: "Don't worry, it's not a trap. I confirmed your capabilities a year ago."
Shioriko: "Actually, they found out I was a reporter shortly after I obtained that pass. It's just difficult for me to infiltrate them."
Senri: "I can't imagine it was easy to obtain that. How'd you get a hold of it?"
Shioriko: "I just took advantage of Next's doctrines. ...Do you know what this is?"
Senri: "It's a Fragment, a crystallization of the Elements in the air, right?"
Shioriko: "Yes, one of the things that 12/12 generated. They scattered through the city."
Senri: "They rained down and disintegrated in the air. To those people ignorant of magic, it probably looked like a miraculous snowfall."
Shioriko: "Most of them disappeared, but some were too large, or they fell into the sea or the river and stuck around. The government declared them harmful and began retrieving them."
Senri: "Yet you didn't cooperate with their retrieval work, and instead used that to join Next."
Shioriko: "What's more important than anything at Next is the offering of Elements. Please look into that as well when you investigate them."
Shioriko: "With that pass, you'll gain access to a special assembly. You'll accept, won't you, Senri-san?"
What are they using these crystallizations of Elements for?—This new information piqued my curiosity.
Senri: "I'm in."
====================F002.TXT====================
It's been a while since I've walked through the back alleys of the entertainment district.
The entrance into the alley, something like an emergency exit that probably wasn't normally used, gave me the distinct sense that this was the sort of place you couldn't leave again after entering.
It had the atmosphere of a typical hideout, like a cheap underground club, but there was nothing like a handle on its door.
A man with a build rivaling a professional martial artist served as something of a bouncer at the door. I approached him as he fiddled with his terminal.
Senri: "........."
When I showed him my badge, the man wordlessly touched the door, sliding it open just wide enough for me alone to enter.
Recalling the tips Kamidate had provided me with, I headed down the stairs and donned the ceremonial robes I was given on the way.
The religious robes covered me completely from head to toe, so they were perfect for blending in with the other participants.
The underground hall was already filled with cult members.
Looks like it'll be a little while until the founder appears.
I imagined they would appear on the cell-like altar in the center of the room; even hidden under their robes, it was clear that everyone's attention was focused on that spot.
The pillars surrounding the space had tanks containing floating Fragments built into them.
Senri: (Kamidate said she'd never seen the founder, didn't she?)
Next's fundamental dogma was the typical stale stuff about salvation, and nobody nowadays would be fooled by that sort of thing anymore.
I can't imagine the group would have grown to this scale in such a short time if the founder was only possessed of some surface-level charisma.
So the cult must have some trump card for attracting displaced OutCasts and those with fragile states of mind after having lost the object of their faith due to magic.
Fanatic A: "Ngh, ngh, I have humbled myself and offered my fingers. O Great Non-acute, the poison within me is washing away!"
A believer, trembling like she was stranded on a snowy mountain, nibbled like a toddler at uneven fingers that called to mind the keys of a piano.
Fanatic B/Ageha: "I'm gonna... Today I'm gonna..."
Those here had been granted an audience with the founder—their being fanatics was only natural.
Founder's Aide: "—We are ignorant, without particular merit, the weak of society who have offered up everything we have."
Senri: (So it's started. That's the founder? No. The founder should be on the altar in the center. It's still quiet, too.)
Founder's Aide: "But there is one thing we know. True shame is not in being unwealthy, but in dancing to the tune of materialism."
Founder's Aide: "In the great journey of the coming apocalypse, our flesh will perish, and those who have clung to material possessions will despair."
Founder's Aide: "Will we also weep? No. The tears we shed will be of joy."
Founder's Aide: "Because we will become one in the truest sense. We, the Selected, those with the soul of God. We, who have discarded the poison that earthly life infects us with."
In other words, if you throw everything away and live an ascetic life, you'll be saved when the world is destroyed.
It's a classic, tried-and-true doctrine. If they homogenize their assets, it would breed a sense of unity among the cult, with no one superior to another. And that sense of unity is a crucial component to cult brainwashing.
The reason their gathering spot hasn't been shut down even after all this growth must be because anyone who joins has to join on recommendation or go through a test, making the organization highly secretive.
What I should concentrate on is the method they've used to get people to unconditionally accept those uninviting doctrines.
Founder's Aide: "Only pure souls will be able to bid farewell to the place their false friends call the real world; they will be led to the promised utopia."
Founder's Aide: "Rejoice at your invitation here tonight, and pray to the Selector, the Great Non-acute!"
The head believer, who was something like the founder's aide, I imagine, took a step back and the floor under the altar opened, revealing something rising up.
The girl in the birdcage had some indescribable presence to her.
I had thought there would be more noise when the object of their faith appeared, but no one made a sound, merely surrendering themselves to the ecstasy of being in her presence.
The space was filled with silent worship.
They obtained an unparalleled euphoria from that presence alone.
Founder's Aide: "With the advent of magic, divine mysteries became all too familiar, and people forgot the existence of God."
Founder's Aide: "But true divine mysteries are incomprehensible to human understanding, and they become false as soon as they are obtained."
Founder's Aide: "We know that true divine mysteries, true miracles, are so sublime that to merely grasp a fragment of them is too much for our mortal minds."
The founder raised her trembling hands as if it was all she could do and opened her fists as if to bestow something on her believers.
Founder/Noah: "...Let me grant you... the baptism for your journey..."
The believers all raised something up at once—they had all brought Fragments, encased in bottles.
Founder/Noah: "...Be at peace... I shall remove... all your unnecessary sensations..."
Did the frail girl, who looked as if she might break if you touched her, only sit because her legs were too weak to stand?
The way she moved her head to confirm the location of her aide made me think she was either partially or totally blind.
Each time she opened her mouth to squeeze out new words, it felt to me as if she were just about to wither away and die. I couldn't imagine it was just an act.
Senri: "......"
Non-acute... lacking perception. An interesting name.
That believer from earlier must have cut her fingers off in imitation. She must think giving herself a handicap like that will cleanse her of the poisons her body has accumulated.
Senri: (That aide—he holds the real power here.)
She's probably founder in name only—just a tool to expand the organization.
Those "miracles" she's performing are nothing more than some swindle to deify her; maybe they're using Magi or something.
Founder's Aide: "The day of the great journey approaches. For the great miracle of salvation, both the Selected and the Great Non-acute's complete resurrection will be indispensable."
Founder's Aide: "Now then, Great Non-acute, please prepare for the soul cleansing."
The founder gave a languid nod and her aide designated a believer with a comparatively large Fragment.
Fanatic A: "I'm honored to be afforded this opportunity for the cleansing."
The appointed believer rose to the platform, but the founder's eyes still didn't focus on her. She seemed to finally focus only when she'd taken the believer's offered hands.
Founder/Noah: "...Let me grant you... a miracle..."
The believer offered her Fragment, and after taking her hands, the founder granted her a "miracle."
After a few seconds—the believer began shedding tears.
Fanatic A: "Ngh, ngh, nghh—"
Her tears lasted a bit too long for someone simply overcome with emotion. And the volume of them was not normal. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to describe them as a "lifetime's worth" of tears.
Founder/Noah: "I ask that you... do not forget... this blessing..."
Founder/Noah: "The soul selection... is finished..."
As I watched the believer exit the stage, saying her thanks again and again, I honestly had no idea what to think anymore.
The "miracle" she had been granted hadn't been magic or a Magi. Just touching her had produced an incredible emotional response. I see, I've never heard of something like this before.
Senri: (I'll observe for a little longer.)
If possible, I'd like to experience one of these "miracles" myself, but unfortunately I'm not carrying a Fragment.
When the next believer stepped up to the stage, I felt a stirring at the back of the crowd.
Senri: "......?"
Thinking it just my imagination, I made to turn my gaze back to the stage, but feeling the stirring again, I turned around.
The silent metal door could only be opened with magic authorization.
At least.
That should have been the case.
The frozen door burst apart like it had been a glass figure and the hall instantly fell silent.
It was all done by a mysterious intruder hidden under a hood.
Senri: "—Ruu."
The Hood made a show of throwing down the object she held.
Recognizing the unconscious man as the guard at the door, one of the believers let out a shriek and a panic spread through the room.
It was a vivid reminder of what had happened at the station a year ago.
Founder's Aide: "H-Hey! Who are you?! What do you think you're doing?!"
The Hood made no attempt to chase those fleeing through the open door behind her; instead it seemed more like she was trying to clear the room.
I followed the Hood as she went against the stream of people, up toward the altar.
She won't vanish.
The Hood won't vanish until she's fulfilled her purpose here.
I knew that—yet the endorphins coursing through me after almost a year pushed me forward.
Fanatic B/Ageha: "Hey, wh-what? BURST? Ow...!"
The believer who had been waiting for her "miracle" fell, knocked over by the tide of people rushing for the door. The impact caused the robe she was wearing to slip off.
Ageha: "Ow... Do these assholes have no faith or what...?"
Senri: "Ageha...?"
She must have hurt her leg. Ageha couldn't move right away, staying behind on the stage with the founder.
Founder's Aide: "Come on, someone, is anyone there?! If you help us, you'll get a miracle, no questions asked!"
Hood/Fiona: "...Let me guess: you're the escaped ex-Fraternity member."
Founder's Aide: "?! Damn it!!"
Hood/Fiona: "...There's nowhere for my target to escape to, even aboveground... in which case, my priority will be to eliminate..."
Magic—the aide fled, and talons of ice arced after him, but he didn't end up as a crucified saint. The speed of the bullets I'd shot at them won out.
But my rapidly spinning bullets didn't shatter the ice, instead merely changing their trajectory and opening up some holes in the floor.
The aide took the opportunity to flee, and instead of pursuing him, the Hood slowly lowered the arm she'd shot off the magic with.
Senri: "I've missed you, Ruu."
Fiona: "There's not a single time in my life when things went according to plan."
Fiona: "So this is within expectations."
Senri: "...I get it. It wasn't only Ruu under that hood."
Senri: "Makes sense. Not only does it hide your identities, you can also switch out actors depending on the role the situation calls for. It was you who got in between my little chat with Atori, Sister."
Ageha: "Sen...chan...? Fiona...? What's going on...? Have I finally gone crazy and started seeing things...?"
Senri: "Since you've shown your face, I can only assume you're planning on eliminating everyone remaining here, Sister."
Fiona: "'Sister'? What year do you think it is?"
Guess she doesn't plan on answering any obvious questions.
Fiona had removed her hood after judging my abilities and deciding that rather than continuing to hide her identity, it was more important that she could move easily enough to take me out for good.
Those ice shards from before revealed an extraordinary magical aptitude. Her aim and their velocity were both top-class, but what was frightening about them was their solidity—they had far surpassed any ordinary "ice."
Senri: "...Lucky for me. My flames can melt that ice. I'm glad the magic I just happen to be good at gives me the advantage here."
Fiona: "Flames? Hmph. Don't waste your breath."
Unperturbed by my provocation, Fiona leaned forward and sent a glare thick with bloodlust my way.
Here she comes. Here she comes. Here she comes. Here she comes. Here she comes. When—
..................................................................She's not coming?
Senri: "...!"
Fiona was aiming for that moment when I relaxed my guard.
She moved instantaneously. The air froze with something almost like an afterimage of her bloodlust, and she twirled gracefully to the side.
My reflexes finally followed her—but it was too late. Fiona lifted her arm, pulled out a rod from her sleeve, and—{dashed}.
Ageha: "Huh...?"
It was Ageha she aimed to silence first.
Fiona: "Number 1."
Senri: (Of course.)
Goading her to attack me had backfired.
It's not that I underestimated her per se, but that I had no way of knowing what she'd do with the information available to me.
The first thing I relied on was my memory of Ageha and Fiona's relationship.
They were close. I couldn't imagine it had all been a lie.
She'd taken full advantage of that impression I'd had.
"She won't lay a hand on Ageha"—She'd used that thought against me precisely because we'd been thrown into this situation and I had limited information to work with.
Senri: "[With my wish fulfilled / I prostrate as it plummets / That shower of stakes.]"
I'm not just gonna sit here and watch Ageha's head get separated from her body. I let off a shower of icy talons at Fiona's legs.
A sword flashed in a crescent moon above us.
With a sound like she was slicing the sky, just when I thought I'd seen Fiona move, I felt something graze my cheek. It tore through my skin and blood flowed out.
She'd neutralized the ice shards {somehow}, at a speed I couldn't catch with my naked eye, and she'd sent a few attacks my way as well, with unparalleled accuracy.
Fiona: "Guess those flames you were bragging about were just a bluff. And here I was treating you like some monster. I overestimated you."
I'd been wondering what she was capable of—and Kousaki Fiona Annabel was capable of all this.
Fiona: "You're just 'normal' if you ask me."
She gave a little smile like she'd read my mind. She'd made the impossible possible—she'd done all that without decelerating in the least.
Before I could figure out how she'd blocked my attack, there had been more than enough time for her to finish off Ageha.
Ageha: "No way... Fiona...? Don't you... remember me?"
Fiona: "That's only 'normal,' isn't it? My memory's rather good, actually."
Fiona: "And...? What's that have to do with {this}?"
She spat, and thrust something out at Ageha—that's when I finally realized.
The ice blade she'd drawn was so thoroughly chilled even my fresh blood froze quick to it. She'd swatted away all that ice with this one blade; it was a little too superhuman if you asked me.
The translucent blade drew a graceful arc. For someone who was about to send a person's head flying across the room, she had an expression on her face more suited to drinking a cup of tea.
Senri: "[With my wish fulfilled / I prostrate as it plummets / That shower of stakes.]"
Fiona: "Is copying all you can do? What a joke."
With an enchanting glimmer—she singled out all the ice in the hailstorm that would harm her and easily cut them down.
The shards she'd dodged carved out a silhouette on the pillar behind her.
Trained kinetic vision, optimized movement, a perfectly tempered physique—all of these were Fiona's weapons.
But I'd used her perfection against her.
Fiona: "........."
Just before blood was drawn—water splashed between us.
With the hail she'd dodged embedded in a water tank, the water pressure did the rest of the work and the glass shattered. Water sprayed from it like a geyser.
Fiona: "You haven't solved the fundamental problem."
Fiona turned to me as if she'd lost interest in Ageha.
After a little frown, she took a lollipop out of somewhere and stuck it in her mouth.
Fiona: "Slurp... mmn... lrp..."
Senri: "It's been a while since I've run into a true specialist."
Fiona had targeted Ageha, her friend, with no hesitation, planning to torment her until she was half-dead.
I say half-dead because I'm considering the possibility she'd take her as a hostage to use against me. She probably would have removed her head from her body on the spot if she'd had no use for her.
Senri: "You wouldn't be stupid enough to douse yourself in water before a fight, would you?"
Fiona: "Slurp... slurp... mm, slurp..."
Fiona sucked at the candy without a single nervous breath.
She didn't seem agitated at all, and merely calmly observed the situation.
Probably because {things like this} happened every day for her.
If she dunked her in the water, Fiona could finish Ageha off, but like I thought, she avoided getting herself wet.
Instead of jumping on an immediate opportunity, she took into account the fight that could come after in her decisions. She's aware that water-logged clothes are a fatal handicap in close combat.
She'd removed the hood to unburden herself. After going to the trouble of giving herself more mobility, I knew she wouldn't take on more weight by choice.
Fiona: "You're already bringing out the psychological warfare, huh. Even if things aren't in your favor, you just want to bask in the satisfaction of getting something right."
Fiona: "You know you'll only regret your arrogance after you're dead, right?"
Senri: "Who cares what methods I used? Did the guy who fled have information you need?"
Fiona: "Slurp... mmgh. Why should I answer that?"
Ageha had been dazed for some time, but she started crawling away.
As long as she's behind Fiona, I don't think I have to worry about her being targeted again, since Fiona would only expose her back to me in doing so.
Now I can deal with her freely, without having to worry about any excess baggage.
Founder/Noah: "...Is something the matter...? I will grant you baptism... before your journey..."
So I thought, but... there was one more who'd been caught up in this maelstrom of conflict.
Founder/Noah: "...Do not be afraid... I shall remove... all your unnecessary sensations..."
The near-blind girl appeared to be deaf as well. In this destroyed paradise, she alone continued to bear the role of founder. It was a pitiful sight.
Fiona: "A pitiful girl entrapped in the cult business. I doubt I'll have to finish this one off."
Unlike Ageha, this is a stranger I've never met before. Judging that I wouldn't falter much if she were taken hostage, Fiona spared her nothing more than a glance.
Fiona: "Well then, say your prayers."
She gripped the Magi hilt of her ice blade and, wearing the face of a goddess of battle, cut a cross in midair.
Fiona: "[Patterns in the ice / melt away beautifully / and fade with cruelty.]"
The air seemed to split. Ice spears formed, aiming straight at me.
Senri: "[Patterns in the ice / melt away beautifully / and fade with cruelty.]"
I easily matched her long-range attack, canceling it out—but she'd hidden behind them and rushed up to me at an impossible speed.
Fiona: "I'll slice you to nothing!"
It must have been time for her to break out a killer move. I saw flashes in the air that almost made it seem like she was wielding three or four swords at once.
But they all missed.
That flashy show of cancelling each other's ice spears had put enough cold water at our feet to make the floor slippery. It was enough to rob her of her perfect posture and trip her up.
Fiona: "........."
Senri: "What's up? You seem to be struggling."
Fiona: "You weakened my footing to dull my sword skills and make me unable to show my true strength, hm?"
I could imagine from her lightning-fast slashes that Fiona put more trust in her swordplay than her magic.
In that case, there's no need for me to know her style. Sword skills are something humans use. Humans can't fly. All martial arts assume a solid ground underneath a fighter's feet. It's a simple problem to solve.
Fiona: "It's not enough."
She could jump—but the watery floor wouldn't provide a good launchpad, and she couldn't make use of any walls in the center of the hall like this.
Fiona: "[The nameless deceased / have but a single purpose / as a stepping stool.]"
So it was a good solution to call up one, two, three plates of thin ice to use as launchpads.
Fiona: "When your swordplay uses magic, you hardly need solid ground below you."
Even flipped upside-down, with Fiona's abilities, she had me perfectly in her sights.
Senri: "So obsessed—[In a silver world, / act with ice-cold precision. / Leave nothing to chance.]"
Fiona: "...!!"
If I wanted to keep blocking Fiona's attacks when she was putting everything she had into them, I would have to summon up my own icy sword to defend myself.
So I bent my knees and bent myself over, so far back that I was almost touching the floor. If I couldn't see her attacks coming, lowering my own relative velocity would make it possible.
Fiona was a professional, and perfectly composed; her strikes were by no means dull, and I didn't have any great confidence in myself.
Fiona: "Tch...!"
Her momentum carried her right into me and I felt her heartbeat up against my own.
I embraced her voluptuous body like we were lovers, but we each brought our blades to each other's necks without a shred of affection.
Senri: "........."
Fiona: ".........Hmph."
A sweet sigh that might drive men mad. Her soft, shapely lips. Beautiful roses have thorns, and she hides her fangs well.
This woman is an expert combatant. She's a fighter, who has no interest in anything but the most efficient way to destroy a human body.
Senri: "When we're this close, there's nothing you can do to make your stance more advantageous. Those sword skills you're so proud of have lost all meaning."
Fiona: "How I'd love to kiss that silver tongue of yours and bite it off while I was at it."
Senri: "Don't see that happening."
Senri: "In a fight with a little pest like me, you don't want it to end in a draw—that'd be the worst possible way for this to go. You know exactly how much use you are to your organization."
Senri: "I can't imagine after all your top-notch work so far that you can't immediately see how this would play out."
That was all I had to say. It only took a few seconds for her to put away her sword and back out of the close quarters we'd been in.
And when she'd backed out of my range of attack, her bloodlust disappeared.
We'd gotten into it with each other already. There was no need to finish things here; we knew each other's faces. It wouldn't take long for the two of us to meet again, I was sure.
Fiona: "I'm wasting time."
Senri: "When you've gone into overtime, it's best to make your retreat."
Fiona: "Senri. If you'll allow me one comment—your heart not skipping a single beat that close to me... it's over for you as a man, isn't it?"
Senri: "Sounds like you think a little too highly of yourself."
Fiona: "I'm speaking objectively here. If you'd gotten flustered for a split second, I could have ended things for you completely painlessly."
Senri: "And what kind of woman does that make you?"
Fiona: "Well, {I'll let you live}. Maybe you'll make a nice toy. Why don't you pray God's blessings are upon you or something."
She backed out of the destroyed door after that.
She didn't show her back to me once until she was out of sight, and she observed my every move as she left. She seemed to be on the same level as Ruu, if in a different sort of way.
Ruu was the embodiment of slaughter—a monster, no question about it.
Monsters, in their confidence, will give you opportunities to strike... but they're still a threat in spite of that.
But Fiona isn't the prideful type.
She's much more troublesome. Though she possesses ample skill, as she can fool herself into thinking she's one of the "weak," she'll use all her strength and any means necessary to win.
Senri: "..."
It took me a while to notice with all the endorphins coursing through me, but I was numb where her blade had grazed me, like she'd given me frostbite.
An added effect of her ice blade—if she'd hit me straight on, I would have suffered necrosis, and the longer the fight dragged on, the greater my disadvantage would be.
Senri: "Ageha, either BURST or Fiona's backup will be here soon. Let's get out before they arrive."
Ageha: "S-Sen-chan... a lot... has happened to me... in this last year..."
Tears sprung to Ageha's eyes with each word she spoke from her place on the floor.
That bundle of arrogance who'd barge into someone else's place uninvited had disappeared, and a harmless woman who couldn't do anything on her own sat there instead.
Ageha: "So I'm really glad you came..."
She reached out a trembling hand as if in search of {her next salvation}, sending a pleading look my way.
Senri: "You should walk on your own feet while they can still move."
Ageha: "......Huh?"
I had no interest in grasping that hand, so I turned my back to it.
Founder/Noah: "...Let me grant you... a blessing... a miracle..."
Senri: "No, thanks. I've got a ton of questions I'd like to ask you, though. Sorry, but you're coming with me."
Founder/Noah: "Huh......?"
Senri: "The guy who was giving you orders ran off. You're gonna have to give me my information."
Senri: "Gh... Hey, hey, what's wrong?"
She must have fainted. I held the founder in my arms, but she didn't answer me.
Deciding it'd at least be better than her struggling, I lifted her onto my back.
With all her weight on my shoulders, it was clear to me that she weighed far less than she should have at her height. It made it obvious what sort of mistreatment she was receiving.
Ageha: "S-Sen-chan..."
Senri: "If you've got any valuable information, I'm listening."
Senri: "As you are now... do I need you?"
I started up the steps to the outside, leaving Ageha behind when she didn't answer me.
Ageha: "You haven't changed after a year, have you, Sen-chan..."
Ageha: "No... I'm the one who changed... aren't I..."
Driver: "No! He was the one who suddenly jumped out in front of my bike—"
Looks like there was a traffic accident just outside the door. A wrecked scooter lay beside the man giving excuses to a cop.
Far from them, a man had been thrown to the ground, his joints bending in impossible directions.
Senri: "I can just picture Fiona stomping her feet."
I don't know if the founder's aide died accidentally or leapt into traffic himself, afraid of being tortured.
The truth of the matter disappeared along with him. That's all I know.
The area was already crawling with cops communicating on their radios.
I'll stand out no matter what I do carrying this girl on my back. I should get away from here as fast as I can.
Ageha: "That's a dead end. They're gonna catch you if you're relying on the map in your head from last year."
Ageha: "Follow me. I do still live here, at least."
As she led the way, Ageha seemed to be looking more like she had when I last knew her.
We made it out of the entertainment district and dropped our speed a bit.
We'd caught our breath, but we weren't making small talk at all; for a long while, all I heard was our footsteps.
Ageha: "...Guess I got caught up in something pretty dumb, huh. Now that I'm thinking back on it, it's like, what was I even doing? It's funny."
Ageha: "Ever since they started rounding up all the OutCasts I haven't really been able to sleep... I think I just jumped at it since I wanted some peace, y'know?"
Senri: "You're fickle. I'm sure you wouldn't have stuck with it very long."
Senri: "It cost you some time and money, but you can just think of it as an unusual new experience. And you're good at starting over from zero, aren't you?"
Ageha: "Well, life's all about the experiences, isn't it? I may have thrown away all my savings, but I basically came from nothing in the first place, so!"
Ageha: "But the Great Non-acute's younger than me, huh? That was my first time at one of the cleansing ceremonies. I wonder if the rumors are true..."
Senri: "Rumors—that's right. That woman with the tears of gratitude for the founder's 'miracle.' You know anything about that?"
Ageha: "I haven't experienced one myself, so I dunno, but I don't think she would've been quite so over-the-top if she were just a shill."
Ageha: "I've heard several things about these miracles. Like people with no magical aptitude becoming able to use magic, or turning invisible... stuff like that."
Ageha: "Maybe, like, the woman who was crying... got the ability to produce water magic from her eyes... or something."
I'm sure there's nothing to those rumors, but seeing as Fiona was there, there must be something behind that cult.
I can just ask this girl all about it when she wakes up. Even if she was just being used by them, I imagine she must know {something}.
Senri: "Where'd you get the Elements you used to join?"
Ageha: "'Where'? Just around. The stuff I brought today I found in some manmade river in the industrial area. You wanna know the exact place?"
Senri: "No, that's fine. No entertainment district black market or anything, then?"
Ageha: "What year do you think it is? You think a shady place like that would survive with these OutCast hunts going on? The waste warehouse has been gone since last year, too."
Ageha: "The times have changed... that shit with Fiona was insane, though. That can't just be the times, can it?"
I'm not really one to talk, but she was right; it didn't seem accurate to sum up what had occurred with Fiona as just "changing times."
Senri: "Her time at the church must have been an act from the beginning. No clue what she was there for, though."
Ageha: "An act? That hardworking 'normal' sister? You think so...? I can't even imagine..."
Senri: "......"
{She's right.}
{You can't imagine.}
{What's incredible is how natural that act was.}
Her mask was so perfect it might even have been fooling herself. And now I've glimpsed what was under it.
And... while I was thinking about that, I noticed that I was only hearing one set of footsteps now.
Ageha: "Well, got you out of there. That's about all the use I'll be, huh."
Ageha: "...See you, Sen-chan."
Ageha said her goodbyes behind me, so I said, without turning around:
Senri: "As long as you're misunderstanding what the words 'rely on' mean, I won't have any use for you. But if we both find each other useful, we'll cross paths again whether we want to or not."
Senri: "{See you again}, Ageha."
Senri: "......"
Senri: "......!"
I guess that feeling of something chipping away at me wasn't just my imagination.
At first I thought maybe it was a slow-acting poison. Something on that ice blade that was only now taking effect.
Even if it wasn't, that battle certainly wore on my nerves, but a park like this wasn't the greatest place to be suddenly overcome with fatigue.
Senri: "......Suddenly..."
My brain commanded me to "collapse." An unbelievable sense of weariness thwarted my every step forward and made the ground underneath me seem almost like a soft bed.
I'm not going to make it—no matter what I do, I have to at least avoid collapsing on the side of the road.
As I felt the earth rising up beneath me, I flung myself to the nearest bench.
Senri: "Sorry 'bout that..."
I sat the founder next to me and put my arm around her shoulder.
This way we'd hold each other up. It'd reduce the possibility of either of us slipping off the bench, and we'd attract less suspicion since we'd look like two lovers enjoying the night here together.
That was the most I could do to prepare for the period of complete defenselessness approaching me.
...
It only feels like I've let go of my consciousness for a few seconds, but I can't let my guard down. It's very possible half a day has passed instead.
I let out a deep breath from my nose as I listened to a siren fade into the distance, and when I automatically shifted to try to loosen myself up, I noticed that something was wrong.
{I had lost all sensation in my lower body.}
Founder/Noah: "........."
My mind still muddled, I cracked my eyes open to see exactly what state my body was in.
Senri: (.........Right on my lap...)
The blood to my lower half had been cut off. She must have been sitting with her full weight on me long enough for me to go completely numb.
Founder/Noah: "Ah!"
Coming to some realization, she used my face as something of a handrail and dismounted my lap.
She pattered off. I thought she'd run after realizing I was awake, but she stopped at one of the trees by the roadside.
Senri: "......You can run?"
She had run. I had thought she was almost fully blind, and she'd been so weak she couldn't take a step before, but she had run without stumbling once—the sight of it brought me back to full consciousness.
She pattered back to the bench as if brought there by her homing instincts.
Founder/Noah: "The sky is vast! The trees, they're hard. I can feel all of it, everything. The whole world is seeping into me."
Founder/Noah: "But I like being right here the best."
Senri: "—Right back to my lap, eh?"
Founder/Noah: "Ah."
Founder/Noah: "...Let me grant you... the baptism for your journey..."
Senri: "I saw all of that. You can't just put the founder mask right back on."
Founder/Noah: "...I shall remove... all your unnecessary sensations..."
She was stubborn. I'd rather she got off of me before going back to this act, but... oh well. There's a question I'm more interested in answering right now anyway.
Senri: "I know you were so weakened your eyes, ears, and legs were barely working anymore. But as soon as you wake up, you're running around like none of that happened. What's with this super recovery?"
Senri: "And how come you didn't run away if your legs recovered while I was sleeping?"
Founder/Noah: "........."
Founder/Noah: "Are we done with Non-acute?"
Senri: "What are you saying?"
Founder/Noah: "What should I be next?"
Founder/Noah: "Tell me. Decide. Decree. I'll do exactly as you say."
She was like an imprinting duckling. Since she'd been treated like an object, she probably assumed I was her new master after taking her away from there.
She didn't run away because she couldn't live on her own, because she doesn't know freedom. She's bound by the idea that she's someone's property.
I could guess her age from her physical development, but maybe her memory had been erased with drugs or some other method.
I made all these conjectures as to her situation as the girl stared absentmindedly at me like she'd been born but a moment ago.
Founder/Noah: "Tell me. What's red, what's green, what's blue, what's right, what's left—"
Senri: "—What's up, what's down, what's black, what's white, what's yellow, no one can tell you that. They can't decide it. They can't decree it."
Senri: "As you start out clear, you should just turn yourself whatever color you want, hang out with those who are similar colors, and clash with those who aren't. That's how you gain a self, and you have to take full responsibility for it."
Founder/Noah: "Want?"
Senri: "Whatever you want."
Senri: "The Selector Non-acute is dead. Now you're just any old woman."
Founder/Noah: "............So..."
Founder/Noah: "That's what I should be next?"
Senri: "Well, something like that."
It wasn't something she could understand just after telling her.
It wouldn't benefit me by saying it.
But it wasn't as if I was taking pity on her.
I just felt that she reminded me of {somebody} for some reason, and I couldn't leave her alone.
Senri: "I'm Senri."
Founder/Noah: "Senri."
Senri: "Enough with the pointing and parroting."
Founder/Noah: "Enough with the pointing and parroting?"
Senri: "...What's your name gonna be, huh?"
Founder/Noah: "Non-acute is gone."
Senri: "That's right. Lab animals only need ID numbers. But you're a human. You can get out of that clear state by having a name."
Founder/Noah: "Decide."
Senri: "I told you to figure—"
Founder/Noah: "Decide. I want you to decide, Senri."
Even if they were the same words, they came across differently.
The girl decided to have someone else decide.
The persuasive power in her eyes opened my mouth.
Senri: "Noah."
A Selector who brings about salvation—that man, the aide, had probably gotten the idea from Noah's ark in the Bible.
I can't disconnect her from those {hopeless} doctrines and pick a new name completely unrelated to all that.
Regrets are meaningless, but the memories of your past do become bonds that dictate how you live your life.
Even if it was something you'd rather avert your eyes from, her past when she'd been treated as "Non-acute"—I'd carry that burden if I were her.
Senri: "That's just if I were in your position and had to decide, though."
Noah: "Noah. Mm. Let's go with that. I'll go with Noah."
Senri: "You do that."
Noah: "Noah is the genuine Noah. The Noah-colored Noah that Senri decided. Noah can be any color she wants now. Or no color at all."
Her voice rang out. The color of the girl held up as Next's founder faded and she regained a clear color of her own.
Noah: "Senri will tell me anything I want to know."
Senri: "It's the other way around. I've got several things I'd like to ask you, kiddo. Can you answer me?"
Noah: "Who's kiddo, Senri?"
Senri: "...Noah, answer my questions."
Noah: "I have no choice but to agree."
Senri: "Before you got outside you could barely see. Your ears weren't much better. And you couldn't stand without someone's help, could you?"
Noah: "Yep, that's true."
Senri: "You sound pretty unconcerned. That wasn't an act, was it? How did you recover so quickly? What happened?"
Noah: "Did something need to happen for Noah to get better?"
Senri: "Maybe not if you were taking your time, but there must have been some reason for such a drastic recovery."
Noah: "Meeting Senri caused it. Noah's birth, that is. Senri changed Noah."
Noah: "Oh, that's right. Thank you, Senri."
Senri: "What?"
Noah: "Noah should thank you for Noah, right?"
Her smile was almost like a spring breeze in the middle of the winter, and it brought about some inexplicable emotion in me.
When was the last time I'd heard such genuine words of thanks, not just for moving a conversation along or giving someone a good impression?
How long has it been since I could say what I was feeling without dressing it up—since I had someone I could talk to like that?
...I'm all off balance.
Senri: "...Alright, let me change the question. Tell me about how they used you in the cult and what those 'miracles' you granted believers were."
Noah: "They taught me to do it. They decided I'd be like that. I did what they said."
Senri: "So what were the miracles?"
Noah: "Miracles? I just did what they said."
Senri: "Did that aide ever say what they were planning on doing with all those Elements?"
Noah: "Noah just did what they said. Noah only became Noah just now."
Senri: "......"
If she'd thoroughly erased her self-identity to become an object of the cult, it's natural to think she stopped considering the meanings of anything.
I don't care who Noah is. It doesn't mean anything to me. What's important is that at this time, it's clear that inquiring of her won't get me anywhere.
Maybe if I keep probing, I'll come across some hint, but...
Senri: "Kamidate, huh? Gimme a second."
Noah: "Go for it!"
I stepped away from the bench and fiddled with my terminal.
Shioriko: "Whaddya got for me?"
Senri: "Not much. I did get into Next and have everything I heard there recorded. But there was kind of an issue."
Shioriko: "Intervention from a third party?"
Senri: "Right. Some other guys, probably after the same thing, launched an attack on the founder. In the commotion, the guy escaped right into a traffic accident. He's dead."
Shioriko: "So that's the end of Next, then. Their grand aim and the reason they took offerings of Elements... guess we'll never know the truth."
Senri: "It was just bad timing. We could have had everything a few days earlier."
Shioriko: "It's not like you to give excuses."
Senri: "I'm just stating the facts. I'd only expect you to blame me since I wasn't able to get the information you were after, though."
Shioriko: "......I just don't like this."
Shioriko: "I can't imagine a person of your abilities would go all the way to the scene and come back with no results whatsoever..."
Shioriko: "You're not hiding some other souvenir from me, are you? Any info from the attackers? Or something interesting you picked up on the scene, maybe?"
I looked at Noah out of the corner of my eye.
She had her legs crossed and her arms thrown out over the top of the bench, gazing up at the sky. Imitating how I was sitting, I suppose.
Senri: "........."
When our eyes met, she broke out into a broad smile. Completely unreserved, like she had before.
Senri: "Nope. That's all I have to say."
Shioriko: "...I see."
Shioriko: "Pardon me, you just seemed to be speaking a little quicker than you usually do, so I suspected maybe you wanted to cut the conversation short for some reason."
Senri: "A lot's happened. I'm just tired. Let me rest for a bit."
Shioriko: "Alright. Let's meet up to discuss things later. Good night."
Senri: "Noah, let's get going."
Noah: "'Kay!"
She came to my side without a shred of hesitation and walked with me like it was completely natural.
With none of the cunning of Ageha's sort.
And not like she was trying to obey her new master.
Noah was just beside me like it was to be expected.
Noah: "Are we going a better place than here?"
Senri: "There's a lot of issues with sleeping outside, after all."
Noah: "Where is it?"
Senri: "A love hotel."
Senri: "It doesn't draw attention and it's got all the amenities. Most of all, you can use them flexibly. It'll be nice to get in the shower and refresh ourselves a bit."
Noah: "Amenities? Shower? Are those your friends, Senri?"
Senri: "It's winter now, but it's a place where you can go to get an early bit of spring. You can buy it, sell it, and share it amongst yourselves."
I'm sure she didn't quite understand what I meant, but the abstract explanation made her stop.
Senri: "Hey, I'm not saying we have to do anything at this ho—"
Noah: "I know spring. I don't know it, but I do."
Noah: "It's very warm, and very pleasant, and it can't compare to anything—it's the moment when something changes."
Maybe since she was trapped inside by Next, Noah had forgotten seasons other than winter.
Noah: "Senri, Senri."
Senri: "I'm listening."
Noah: "Let's go to a love hotel. Noah wants to buy spring too. And share it with Senri."
—It was a strange, nostalgic feeling.
Noah: "Teach Noah spring. Lead the way, Senri."
The spring breeze of her smile felt so out of place in this cold weather.
Senri: "Everybody looks forward to spring."
I probably forgot the brilliance of a heart as pure as hers long ago.
Senri: "But a cold, harsh winter only brings a more magnificent spring."
I'd shut such thoughts away since I had no need to remember them.
Senri: "Still..."
Senri: "The only people who can meet that season of beginnings—the only people who can feel that way are those who are at peace."
I'm sure the forms they take are different, but I think Noah and I both—no, I think everyone awaits that season.
This girl was an unusual existence, someone who had left an impression on me even though I'd only just met her.
Noah: "Senri... do you know a lot about spring?"
As Noah looked up at me with her head cocked, I thought I'd have a lot to teach her if we were going to stick together from now on.
====================F004.TXT====================
Senri: "Walk closer to the side. If you're too all over the place, you're gonna get hit by a car."
Noah: "You're selfish, Senri. When I get close, you hit me. When I back off, you complain. Are you one of those hopeless types?"
Senri: "It's case-by-case. Nothing's absolute. If you get that, then be quiet and walk next to me."
Noah: "Positutely."
I had to explain every little thing Noah's curiosity led her to.
Starting with the mood lighting of the room, to how to use the shower, to the fact that the TV only showed images...
Noah clamored excitedly and emotionally with each one as if she were seeing and touching them for the first time—and with each one, she'd cling to me and say, "let's share it."
At first I'd prioritized recovering my fatigue, but I quickly decided to instead prioritize teaching Noah the bare minimum of rules she'd need to know to go outside with me.
Senri: (Good thing the hours are so flexible there. It's dark, but there's nothing for it. She'd stand out more like this than if she were walking around naked.)
Noah: "Senri, Senri."
Senri: "What is it this time?"
Noah: "The road. Its curves. Plus the sun. Are they 'springy'?"
Senri: "It's 'wintery.' I told you all about this yesterday, didn't I? There aren't too many springy things in this season yet."
Noah: "Absitively?"
Senri: "Positively."
Noah: "Oh yeah? Hahh, oh yeah? There was so much spring in the love hotel, I absitively got my hopes up."
Noah sucked up new information surprisingly quickly, just like a sponge.
Senri: "I'm gonna leave you behind."
Noah: "Ah, wait. Senri, Senri."
Noah: "I'll do the double peache with the ahoge face you love, so wait."
Senri: "No thanks. I have no interest in a double peace, and it won't leave an impression on me."
Noah: "Oh yeah? No need for double peache, huh."
There was a bit of a problem to offset the advantages of lodging at a love hotel. Since I'd let Noah use the TV as she pleased, she'd picked up some weird knowledge as well.
Noah is naive. Exceedingly naive.
She'll believe anything you tell her.
And her powerful curiosity will spur her right on to her next action.
Senri: "Here."
I tried to focus her interest on one thing by handing her a lukewarm Re:D Elephant I had in my pocket.
Noah: "Oh. Drinky stuff. For Noah? Regards!"
She held it with both hands like it was precious to her and drank down half of the can with that cool, spring breeze of a smile on her face.
Noah: "Not a springy flavor. I absitively can't understand your tastes, Senri."
She grumbled, but I was relieved to find she'd gotten a little quieter. Then she thrust the can out to me.
Senri: "That was fast. I don't have any more, you know."
Noah: "There's still half left. I don't have anything to give you in return, so I'm returning it."
Senri: "There's one thing that was like spring."
Noah: "Where? Where's the spring thing?"
Senri: "Your head, Noah."
Noah: "........."
She must have caught on that I was poking fun at her; in a rare sight, Noah was lost for words.
Noah: "Will we have to split it open to get it out?"
"Maybe I should have left her to wait in the hotel after all," I thought as I tipped back the Re:D Elephant.
Noah: "We're going to the industrial area? Is that right?"
Senri: "We're not in a hurry. Don't worry about it."
It was a higher priority to get Noah used to being around town, but we were headed exactly where she'd said.
It was bothering me where Ageha had mentioned she'd come across those Elements.
The Elements Next was collecting.
The reason Fiona attacked them.
When you link the two, it starts seeming like a clue.
Of course, I wanted to avoid doing anything too dangerous until Noah got a bit more used to things.
Noah: "Senri, Senri. A crowd, a crowd."
She pulled my arm harder than I expected her to, and I stumbled on a bump in the road.
Senri: "A fire... Flames—must have been the Blue Blaze."
Black smoke billowed up from what looked like a parked police vehicle.
I squinted to confirm that the flames were {red}, then found my interest drawn by the people popping up nearby.
Senri: "We're hiding. Hey, don't wave, you'll draw their attention."
Noah: "But somebody's here. This way, this way!"
I found eyes being drawn to us, and since Noah seemed to identify them as belonging to friends, our position became a little dangerous.
Mikihisa: "—Ah, it's..."
A figure stopped before us as sirens and flashing red lights approached as well.
Senri: "Come with us."
Mikihisa: "—Haahh, haahh, haahh, we lose 'em...?"
Noah: "Senri, Senri. Is this hypoxia? Should I rub his back?"
Senri: "Just leave him be. His pulmonary system's just weakened from all the cigarettes he smokes."
Mikihisa: "Hey, bitch... haahh... fuck's your problem...? What're you lookin' at...? Quit lookin' at me, you bitch...!!"
Noah: "Haah. Haah, haah. Haah, haah."
Senri: "Haah-haah-ing isn't going to make spring come faster."
Noah: "Haaahhh..."
Mikihisa: "...Haahh... phewww... you fuckin' with me? Why do you two look like we were just on a fuckin' stroll, anyway? How far do you think we just ran?"
I'd been planning on stopping and dealing with our pursuers if Noah couldn't keep up while we were fleeing.
But Noah stuck right to my side with peculiar form and we managed to shake them off completely.
Senri: "Stay still."
I turned to Noah. As she looked up at me with her head tilted and a face that said "what is it?", I held my hand up to her mouth.
I felt steady breaths against my hand. She was regulating her breathing like I was—no, it was calmer than mine, as if she hadn't run at all.
Noah: "Mm... lick, slurp..."
With my hand in front of her mouth, she started licking it, almost like a conditioned response. Her tongue tickled me as she licked against the wrinkles of my palm.
Senri: "It's not hard to breathe?"
Noah: "Hard? Should I keep tasting your hand, Senri?"
Senri: "...No... it's nothing."
Mikihisa: "—Heeey! Look at me! Are you fuckin' with me?!"
Noah: "First it's 'don't look,' now it's 'look.' Is it spring in your head too?"
Mikihisa: "You want me to rip out that long hair of yours and rub your face on the ground...?"
It was me she was fucking with, not Mikihisa.
I squeezed my hand shut, rubbing away Noah's spit, and since I had no choice, I looked Mikihisa's way.
Senri: "Sorry, but I have no interest in what you were doing."
Senri: "I just didn't want you asking for help back there and making everyone think I was your accomplice. Just in case this isn't clear to you, we only helped you get away."
Noah: "We absitively only helped you get away."
Mikihisa looked between me and Noah and spat at the ground, but as his mouth was completely dry, all that came out was the pitiful sound.
Mikihisa: "You piss me off so much. Those cold eyes are the same as they were a year ago. Makes me wanna kill you..."
Senri: "How was I supposed to change in just a year?"
Mikihisa: "Shut up, you dirty rat. You think you can just show up alive again? Get over here, I'll kill you myself."
Senri: "...That's your {occupation} now, isn't it?"
Mikihisa: "...Hunh?"
Senri: "I heard an organization attached to the Ministry of Magic bought up the vigilante corps wholesale, to use them for hunting OutCasts."
Senri: "Meaning you'd have just cause to go after me."
Mikihisa: "You think I'd do that shit?"
Senri: "You'd be armed, thanked by the average citizen, and given free rein to brawl as your 'work.' What's there to complain about?"
Mikihisa: "Are you fucking kidding? Everything. You think I'm gonna suck up to the guys who turned our home into some other town...?"
Mikihisa: "Those fuckers who I thought were my pals are lower than dogs now, and you who can't do anything without magic, that bitch there too, I'm fuckin' sick of all of 'em."
The product of all that resentment must have been the arson of that police vehicle I just witnessed.
Senri: "Copycat, eh?"
He was just imitating the terrorist everyone's talking about, the Blue Blaze.
Whether he was just taking his anger out on something or he had real convictions behind that attack had nothing to do with me, and I wasn't interested in it.
Senri: "Do whatever you like. If you're not gonna drag me into it, I won't interfere."
Mikihisa: "If I take you out, I—tch. They're still after me."
Senri: "Can you run, Noah?"
Noah: "Positutely."
Senri: "If you've come this far, you'll be fine, I imagine."
Mikihisa: "Haahh... haahh... haahh... what are... you two... monsters...?!"
Senri: "How many packs a day is it now?"
Mikihisa: "Haahh, haahh, what's that, supposed to, mean...?!"
You could still sort of see the stamina of the onetime leader of the vigilante corps in him.
I could only imagine the amount of exercise he got every day and the number of cigarettes he smoked.
He could only maintain the awe and respect of his group with a well-trained physique. But now...
Mikihisa: "Kh... urgh... aaah!! Goddammiiiiit!!"
He tried to stand up using the bridge railing, but his knees buckled and he crumbled to the ground.
Mikihisa: "Don't look down on me!! I'll kill you!!"
I ignored Mikihisa's hateful glare. If I left him alone, eventually he'd recover and go off somewhere else.
Noah: "Senri, Senri. Are you and that guy as different as winter and spring?"
Senri: "It's the difference between a smoker and a Re:D Elephant lover."
Noah: "I absitively get it. Smoking's bad. Don't do it, kids."
Senri: ".........?"
Far beyond Noah as she watched Mikihisa topple over, there was a suspicious person.
I had the impression he was suspicious since he remained next to the traffic light, not crossing even after it turned green.
If it were just that, maybe he would just be another spring-headed person, but something that made me almost doubt my eyes occurred.
Senri: "That's—"
It melted. The traffic light pole bent easily like it was a wire.
It snapped like a stick of chocolate—and fell to the ground with enough momentum to crack the pavement.
The sound of it coupled with the tremors ran through my brain as a very obvious warning signal.
Mikihisa: "Holy shit... That's the Blue Blaze, the real deal. Haha, he bored of destroying research stations and moving on to destroying the whole city now?"
The metal glowed faintly in the darkness where it had melted apart.
Mikihisa: "That's quite a wimpy face there. What's up? You scared of a little chaos?"
Powerful headlights came up the road blocked off by the collapsed traffic lights.
Senri: "Let's move away a little, Noah. There's going to be some fireworks."
Noah: "Fireworks?"
As it approached the boy standing there, the disaster illuminated by its lights, the vehicle began to slow down.
I ran over and broke the car's window with my elbow, then informed the driver without looking at his face:
Senri: "Back up if you don't want to die."
The car's tires squealed as it sped off in reverse, and a wave of blue flames followed it as if in pursuit.
Mikihisa: "Dude, you're unarmed—"
Noah: "—Nooo problem."
Senri: "Is that all? You've gotten worse in this last year."
I'd tasted this boy's flames before, and back then, there had been a "core" to them that seemed like it might take my whole arm off, even though they'd only grazed me.
His technique was rough, but there was a boldness to his magic that almost made me think I'd lose if I opposed him with my own flames.
But the flames I'd just burned out had been hollow, lacking that "burning" conviction.
Senri: "'Toothless terrorism'—I'd read some article like that about how he doesn't harm civilians, but..."
Senri: "But there's nothing to you, is there? You're just some good-for-nothing with too much power doing whatever you like."
Blue Blaze/Haruto: "........."
Guess he took that as provocation. With a silent glare, the boy turned his sights to me.
He summoned up fireballs in both hands and threw them at me alternatingly. As they hit the ground, they exploded into sparks that rained down around me.
Mikihisa: "Whoooooooooooooooa?!"
There was a piercing cry. The immobile former leader of the vigilantes was quivering in fear.
Senri: "[Bring to ruin, these azure howls.]"
I calculated the angle of impact, called up a ring of flames, and threw the explosions about.
I needed to create some more sparks so that people would understand the danger of the situation and a gallery of idiots wouldn't form around us.
Senri: (He's not thinking about the destruction he's creating at all. Guess that article was full of it.)
Noah: "Whooooa! Fireworks!"
The few observers returned to their cars and made their retreat. Completely oblivious to the urgency of the situation, Noah reached out to the sparks flying around her like she was trying to catch the stars in the sky.
Senri: "That won't work. [Burn it, burn it, burn it to cinders.]"
He either only had one trick, or he was struggling despite knowing it would get him nowhere.
His flames were powerful, but there was no point in repeating that same attack when I had proven that it wouldn't work again.
A magical commotion on a thoroughfare like this would summon police vehicles within a few minutes.
Senri: "Is that what he's after?"
I can't figure out his goal.
Why does he not run?
What had he burnt the road for in the first place?
Completely destroying a road like this with just magic would take a long time and would definitely just call attention to the area.
It would be different if he'd set up explosives here, but if that were the case, I don't see why he wouldn't have used them already.
Why would someone who's only been reported about based on the "blue flames" that are the symbol of his activities show up here and cause such random destruction? Why would he show his face to people, even if it was only a few...?
Senri: "I'm sure you're aware of this, but BURST will be here in a few minutes."
Senri: "I can't play along with this any more."
I'm tired of these blue flames, too. Their shape, their speed, his proficiency with them. They were perfectly hot enough to burn, but not nearly enough to turn anything to cinders.
I can't communicate with him.
He won't stop his attacks.
It's just a waste of time.
Senri: "Don't think anything here will leave much of an impression on me."
I'm not so kind that I'd think about the well-being of someone who's thrown more than one lethal attack at me.
I held my hands up and warmed them with the sparks nearby. And when I was about to swallow up all the surrounding flames and let out a blazing conflagration—something in the corner of my vision told me to wait.
A glittering "meteor" cut through the raging flames.
With each flame the blade cut through, it grew shorter and set fleeting, powdery snow falling nearby, reminding me of the cold season.
The hellish inferno flipped into a world of silver instead, and the road was coated with an artistic layer of thin, patterned ice.
Fiona: "I'll slice you to nothing."
The meteor, Fiona, reached the boy's side in no time at all. Inertia propelled her sword in an unavoidable arc.
Her strike was flawless and fatal—to borrow Fiona's words, I'd have to call it "beautiful and cruel."
Blue Blaze/Haruto: "...Gh... gh......"
A severed artery. The high-speed cut had fooled the boy's very senses, making him unable to even process the fact that he'd been taken out.
Blue Blaze/Haruto: "—??"
Blood gushed from him like a fountain and the boy reflexively put his uninjured hand to the wound to stop the bleeding.
Senri: (...Kousaki Fiona Annabel is capable of all this.)
"It's over," I thought.
He'll never make it now. His only chance at victory was for him to resist his instincts.
Fiona: "You're mine!"
The ice blade wielder, who had waited to deal out her next attack, severed his still intact arm.
Blue Blaze/Haruto: "—!!"
The boy had seemed unable to comprehend what had happened, but now he finally did something clever.
Even as he lost his balance, with his legs still mobile, he went over the bridge railing—and into the water. It was rough, but he'd escaped her range.
Fiona: "Makes me shiver, just thinking about jumping into a river in the middle of winter."
Fiona hadn't launched a flurry of blows because she'd been afraid of his counterattack—on the verge of death, he'd be completely unpredictable.
From my observations, she'd waited for him to grab at his neck and then seized victory when he gave her that fatal opportunity.
What he should have done was resist his instincts. Then he could have simultaneously used a feint and cauterized the wound with a controlled burst of flame. Pressure alone would never have stopped the bleeding.
Fiona: "To think he'd make one of his arms useless in the middle of a fight to the death."
She muttered down at the water with a truly ice-cold smile.
Quickly concealing her trusty ice-bladed Magi, she casually approached me.
Fiona: "You would have been in trouble if I hadn't shown up."
Senri: "And did you have some special reason to {get} me in trouble so you could come see me?"
Fiona: "Why do men try so hard to be tough? You're supposed to just say 'thank you' here."
Mikihisa: "H-Hey, Fiona... what the fuck was..."
Fiona: "The tenacity to never quit and the ability to get through a situation are different things."
Fiona: "I think BURST would have arrived before you could have dealt with him, Senri."
It sounded to me like she was implying that Noah would have made it harder to get away.
Mikihisa: "What the fuck is with you guys?! What is going on?! Don't just ignore me!!"
Fiona didn't even spare a glance for Mikihisa, still on the ground, and as if rolling the words around in her mouth—
Fiona: "Quit showing off how weak you are, amateur."
And. Like she had at the cult meeting, she spat out flat observation with no personal feeling in it.
Maybe he still thought she was that cute little assistant at the church, because Mikihisa's face was frozen after his shout.
Fiona: "Leave the escape route to me."
Senri: "........."
If she'd wanted to attack me, she could have done so in the earlier melee. It's true that she put her life on the line and exposed herself to help me.
What is she scheming, doing all that to get close to me—I'm curious.
Senri: "Come on, Noah."
Noah: "Positutely."
Mikihisa: "Amateur...? Hah, say what you want, you phony sister! You're just another weakling who can't do anything without magic!"
Noah: "........."
Senri: "...Noah?"
Noah stopped for a moment and crouched down to Mikihisa's eye level.
Mikihisa: "Hey... what're you lookin' at... Hey!!"
Noah paid no mind to the shouting of the large, fearsome man, and tenderly gripped Mikihisa's hand.
Noah: "Spring will come for you too, Tattoo Man... Don't worry... Don't worry..."
Mikihisa: ".........Hmph!"
Mikihisa: "Don't fucking touch me!! I'll do what I want! I'm strong on my own! I'm strong!!"
Mikihisa: "You'll regret this someday..."
Noah: "And so I was shoved away."
Senri: "Can you stand?"
I lent a hand to Noah as she narrated her situation.
Unlike Noah, who stood up as if nothing had happened, Mikihisa limped away, still exhausted.
Fiona: "Wouldn't expect you to carry around a burden like that."
Senri: "Leave me alone."
Fiona: "—Isn't that Next's founder...?"
Noah: "Hello. My name is Noah. It's nice to meet you."
Senri: "We'll talk later. We can leave the escape route to you, right?"
Fiona: "Smart decision."
I took Noah's hand and we ran off after Fiona, who'd taken off like a figure skater.
I ended up focusing all my attention on the girl who ran like a freezing breeze instead of the unending emergency sirens.
Fiona led us past BURST like she knew exactly where they'd be at all times.
I have to admit I was a bit enchanted by her mastery of escape even though we were enemies.
Fiona: "I'm impressed you two kept up."
Fiona's cheeks were a little flushed from all the running, but she seemed to have ample stamina remaining.
In fact, her supple, trained muscles seemed like they were in peak shape after a nice warmup. I doubt I could restrain her if I launched a surprise attack here.
Fiona: "Especially you, Founder. You've got a lot more stamina than I'd think. Was that pitiful look of yours in Next just an act?"
Noah: "I was reborn, see."
Fiona: "Uh huh. Guess she left her brain with the cult."
Senri: "........."
Fiona: "...Hm...? What? I can feel your eyes on me."
Senri: "I should have noticed back at the church. There's not a shred of superfluous fat on your body."
Most men would probably find their eyes drawn to Fiona's face or breasts, but it's the muscles on her legs they should pay attention to.
The powerful, supple thighs hidden under that elegant flared skirt move like springs, allowing her to burst forward rapidly.
Fiona: "Your body influences your success at your job. If I need to, I'll use steroids or whatever."
Fiona: "That's just 'normal,' isn't it?"
Senri: "Apologize to all the 'normals' out there. They probably won't forgive you, though."
It's clear just from a look that she's not faking those muscles with drugs.
The amount of sweat she'd put into that God-given physique.
The effort she'd put in to maintaining her conditioning as she worked.
My attention was drawn to the functional beauty her body had obtained.
Fiona: "What, you're just a leg man?"
Noah: "Absitively gorgeous gams. Gotta make a choice, Senri."
Senri: "Between what?"
Fiona: "You're so slow. Between who you'd want to take a triangle choke from, me or her, obviously."
Senri: "........."
Senri: "Don't confuse observation for interest. I'll admit that your physique is impressive, but that's it. I thought you weren't fond of idle chatter either."
Fiona: "It's written all over your face that you want to touch them, but alright. We're out of danger for the time being, so let's get down to business."
Fiona: "Work with me."
It was a straight shot out of the blue, but it wasn't a particularly strange proposition.
I was thinking she'd ask something like that after helping us escape and making it difficult for us to turn her down.
Senri: "That's not something I can answer with a simple yes or no, and it's not something we should be talking about on the side of the road either. Let's go somewhere else."
Fiona: "Fine with me. Somewhere where no one can interrupt us, preferably."
Noah: "Senri, Senri. Let's go back to the love hotel. We can buy and sell spring. Let's enjoy spring all together, the three of us."
Fiona: "Just let me add that I don't mean we should work together in the bedroom too."
Senri: "...That's probably what it sounds like when Noah says it."
Fiona: "I get it. You're too worried about someone finding you to have a permanent residence."
Senri: "I've got more than enough funds to work with. I don't care where we stay as long as there's a roof and working heat."
Fiona: "You've got a lot of enemies, don't you, Senri? Can you check in all covered in blood after a battle?"
Senri: "On Halloween, sure."
Fiona: "Follow me."
Fiona: "Here it is."
Senri: "Here what is?"
Fiona: "It's a safe place I'm renting. Nobody I work with knows about it. I'll lend it to you."
Senri: "You want me to live in a safe house someone in the organization I'm chasing recommended to me?"
Fiona: "Are you unsatisfied with it?"
Senri: "I'm asking you if I look stupid enough to jump at the bait laid out for me by someone who was trying to kill me only yesterday."
Fiona: "This is the benevolence of the Lord. It's His love, free of charge. Your soul must be getting pretty impoverished if you can't believe the words of a sister."
She must know what will happen if negotiations break down here. She looks like she has something she wants to say.
But I'm really not cocky enough to just stroll into a place provided to me by Fiona.
Noah: "Noah'll go in first."
Noah: "She'll go in and check that it's safe. She'll give it a certain number of stars out of a larger number. Senri will give his okay. Isn't that absitively perfect?"
Senri: "...Yeah, I've got no problems with that."
I decided to stop thinking about the safety of this safe house and just do what Fiona wanted. That seemed like it'd be the best option for now.
Fiona: "Let's do it, then."
Noah: "Mhm. Mhm. No bad. There's no bad there at all."
Senri: "You mean {it's not} bad. Noah, open everything that can be opened and check to make sure there's nothing suspicious around."
Noah: "Positutely."
Fiona: "...Looks like she's happy, at least."
Senri: "It's just that everything's new in her eyes, that's all."
Fiona: "What, have you got a thing for trampling down pure white snow or something? In that sense, I'm pure myself, you know."
Fiona: "You want to dye me black as well?"
Fiona put her hand on her hip as if to emphasize the high slit in her skirt.
Senri: "What on earth are you going on about, kiddo?"
Fiona: "Nothing in particular. You keep shooting looks at my legs and arms, so I thought maybe you wanted to see some more."
Senri: "I won't be in any danger if I keep an eye on your limbs and where you're looking. That's where your magic is focused, after all."
Fiona: "Heh... Trust me a little, why don't you. You can use this place as you like, too. It should be easier for you to work from here, shouldn't it?"
She said it without hesitation, but as though she expected something in return.
Senri: "Does 'work with you' mean I should ally myself with your organization?"
Fiona: "No."
When I got down to business, Fiona gave me a proper answer even as she eyed Noah rummaging around the room.
Fiona: "I mean work with me personally. Just checking; how much do you actually know about me?"
Senri: "On the surface, you're the ideal citizen, celebrated for her many achievements. When you take the mask off, you do some dirty work."
Senri: "You're a member of the organization behind the December 12th attacks, someone who eliminates the poor saps liquefied by their Rings and erases any witnesses."
Senri: "Something like that."
Fiona: "Correct, more or less. The only thing I'd add is that I'm not very close to the top of this organization."
Senri: "Oh really? A year ago, Ruu was looking for the church. That was to meet with you. Can't imagine someone as high-up as her would need to meet with a grunt."
Fiona: "She prefers a hands-on approach, so she likes to take center stage. It'd make sense for us to cross paths like that, right?"
Senri: "Why are you working for Triumph?"
Fiona: "Working for Triumph...? Maybe you're testing me, but you've got the wrong idea."
Fiona: "'Triumph' is the name of the mark found around several incidents and groups. It's not the name of my organization."
Fiona: "It's just a symbol several incidents and accidents share in order to smoke out those who suspect their ties to the organization."
Senri: "...I see. Something to find out who knows too much. And you?"
Fiona: "I'm just a hired blade. I'll do anything for the right price."
Senri: "Price? Money? Absurd."
Fiona: "There's nothing you can't buy with money. My time at the church was just because I had to play a sister for another job."
Senri: "You think I can trust a killer like you?"
Fiona: "Maybe you're misunderstanding something. That violence at Next was only because the guard was trying to assault me, so I paid him back for it."
Fiona: "I wanted to settle things peacefully, but everyone put up such a fuss that it created more work for me. I was the victim there, really."
Senri: "...Revealing your position to me means you'll have to turn your fangs toward your employer. Why are you going so far to involve me?"
Fiona: "Hey, I said the right price, but I'm not saying I've sold my soul or anything."
Fiona: "I want to know the reason for my ample compensation. What exactly I've been facilitating—what the organization's true goals are."
Senri: "So you want to investigate your suspicions against the organization."
Fiona: "That's right. And only an amateur would think something like that. So I've been reduced to nothing but a regular civilian who acts on her own."
Senri: "Uh huh."
That's a lie.
No, rather than a lie—I'd say I've arrived at the conclusion that I won't be able to confirm the truth of her words.
Senri: "Sorry to draw things out like this."
There were plenty of things I wanted to ask her, but I decided it would be pointless to do so.
Fiona had emphasized her low standing in the organization.
That was only a pretense so that she could claim ignorance because of her position, and even if I got answers from her, none of the information would be any good if I couldn't trust its veracity.
Fiona: "Tell me if you'll work with me or not."
There's just one thing I should remember.
Something is going to happen around Fiona.
That's it. That's all I need to know.
This woman would never come contact me for no reason at all.
Senri: "What do you want me to do?"
Fiona: "I tracked down somewhere other than the prison that they're sending all these arrested OutCasts to."
Senri: "Somewhere else... what sort of somewhere?"
Fiona: "You think I'll tell you that? When you hear where it is, you might decide you're done with me."
Senri: "So 'something' they're doing there is connected to all their scheming, then. When are we going?"
Fiona: "Tomorrow night. We'll go in peak condition at a time when their security's less tight. Any objections?"
Senri: "Nope—you can gimme the details later."
I thought I could hear something being dragged on the floor in the next room, so I decided to cut the conversation there for the time being.
Noah: "I checked like you told me to and found this."
Senri: "It's not good manners to drag things on the floor in someone else's house. You should probably apologize to Fiona."
Fiona: "I don't mind. I believe I told you to use it as you like."
Noah: "Senri, Senri. What could it be?"
Fiona: "...No common sense at all, eh? It's a machine that cleans the air when it's dirty."
Noah: "Oh, I see. It eats all the dirty air."
Fiona: "If Senri breathes into the vent here, this'll light up."
Noah: "Do it."
Senri: "It'll light up for the bottom of Fiona's feet too."
Noah: "Absitively?"
Fiona daintily stood in front of the air cleaner and stuck her toe up to the vent.
Fiona: "......'2.' I'm clear. It just picked up the dust on my clothes."
Noah: "It didn't do much. There's a liar here. Senri's a liar."
Fiona: "If a woman's feet are clean, the rest of her is too. Senri, it's your turn next."
Senri: "This is stupid."
Fiona: "Running away?"
Senri: "Don't humor her."
As long as Noah loses that look of anticipation and interest, I don't care what happens.
I put my foot up to the vent like Fiona had. Judging it smelly, the meter climbed.
Noah: "It's making a like, 'guh, guh' noise. What language is this? Fiona, translate."
Fiona: "'Even a bad smell / can cause pandemonium. / Filth terrorism.' ...It stinks as bad as pollution."
Noah: "Absitively? Absitively, Mr. Air Eater?"
Noah: "It's really making a racket. Fiona, translate."
Fiona: "'This is a big one! / Bring it closer, if you would. / Right here, s'il vous plait.' ...So stinky an ambassador of stink would be all over it."
Senri: "Want me to shove it in your mouth, Fiona?"
Fiona: "I'll pass. Don't want to lose my sense of smell."
Noah: "Noah will lick it. She'll find out how stinky it is."
Before Noah could bend over in front of me, I gave the air cleaner a little kick.
Senri: "Check the number, Noah. That should tell you that there's no need for any licking."
Noah: "'0'...? 0 stink. Senri's feet are odorless. Cleaner than Fiona's. Fiona's iffy."
Noah: "Fiona's an iffy woman."
Senri: "Why are you stressing that part?"
Fiona: "Cheater."
Noah: "Iffy Fiona's making iffy excuses now."
Fiona: "I'm 'normal.' Senri's just a coward."
Senri: "Can't say I much like being doubted without any proof. I'm a little thirsty, so I'm gonna go get something to drink."
Fiona: "Wait, you don't need to. I've got plenty of food here. Eat and drink whatever you'd like."
Sounds like it's more that she's telling me not to leave the apartment.
Noah: "Here, Senri. Water."
Senri: "So thoughtful."
Fiona: "...That's a vase."
Senri: "Water's water. There's no problem."
Noah: "Senri, why'd you dump out the water I gave you if there's no problem?"
Fiona: "What you're saying and doing don't match at all."
I headed to the refrigerator, half-listening to them, and picked out a bottle of water and something edible.
Fiona: "If you're worried about poison, I can drink from it first."
Senri: "I doubt you're planning that if you're bringing it up yourself—here's something good. Noah, get out your hands."
Noah: "Hands? Positutely."
Fiona: "The strawberries?"
Fiona with her good kinetic vision figured it out before I got one into Noah's hands.
I tossed one to her and Noah looked down at it. She played around with it in her hands and then brought it up in front of her eyes and stared hard at it.
Noah: "It's all spotty and weird-looking."
Senri: "Try it, instead of just staring at it. You'll get a burst of spring in your mouth."
Noah: "Spring right in my hands!"
Senri: "I can't say it's entirely a spring fruit, but the taste definitely says spring to me."
Noah: "Careful now... mmgh. Mnch, mmgh."
Noah: "Hamh, mmh... sweet and sour... a swarm of spring is upon us..."
Fiona: "Why's she holding her head?"
Senri: "It's such a springy taste that she had to, I guess."
I tossed one into my mouth, following Noah's example. They were perfectly fresh, not betraying their looks at all. A rich sweet and sour flavor spread through my mouth.
Noah: "Gimme more spring!"
I tossed strawberries into Noah's wide-open mouth.
Noah: "Mmgh, mmmmgh, mmmmmmgh."
She looks happy.
Fiona: "Spring'll come whether you like it or not in another two or three months."
Senri: "The 'spring' each person waits for has got nothing to do with the changing of seasons, does it?"
Senri: "Will your spring come if you wait just another two or three months?"
Fiona: "...I have no idea what you're talking about."
Senri: "Come to think of it, you were all proud of that strawberry jam, weren't you? Your specialty?"
Fiona: "There's no need for anything to be my 'specialty.' I just wanted anybody who saw me to perceive me as a 'normal' woman. To sense something motherly."
Fiona: "I was just playing someone who'd fool those idiot vigilantes and the priest. Someone who everybody liked, who could keep an eye on the entertainment district."
Senri: "What's amazing is how perfectly you assumed that character. I don't think you could even call that acting."
Fiona: "I can fake myself however much I need to. By the book, once I've decided to."
Senri: "Huh..."
Fiona: "...What is it?"
Senri: "Nothing."
Noah: "Fiona, I want strawberry jam too!"
Fiona: "I was making that a year ago. I don't have any now. If those aren't enough for you, I think there's some syrup."
Noah: "Syrup?"
Senri: "Looks like you've got a good idea."
Noah got out a big plate, like she'd just opened the cupboard and picked the biggest one she could find.
With the plate on her head, she knelt down in front of Fiona like an affectionate dog.
Noah: "Fiona, Fiona."
I picked up on the meaning behind her expectant gaze before Fiona did.
Senri: "She wants strawberry ice, right?"
Fiona: "......Shaved ice? With my magic?"
Noah: "Just give 'er a go."
Senri: "Should be easy for you, since you can call up ice out of thin air."
Fiona: "I won't use magic for something so—"
Noah: "........."
Fiona: "........."
Fiona: "......[Snow falling, falling / piling up on the cold ground / forming a deep bank.]"
Noah: "Ooooh..."
Thinly shaved ice fluttered down to the plate and piled up on it.
I was surprised by her skill. If asked, I bet she could call up a little ice sculpture, but she didn't seem to want to do anything more than necessary.
Senri: "...Is that edible?"
Fiona: "Hell if I know. I'm not taking responsibility for any upset stomachs."
There was a thick pile of fine ice flakes on the plate, which Noah dripped syrup onto with a satisfied nod.
Noah: "Thanks, Fiona."
Fiona: "?"
Noah: "Fiona's magic is awesome. It helps people. It's a good thing."
Fiona: "...Is it."
Fiona's expression didn't change at all even when Noah gave her a smile as refreshing as a spring breeze.
Fiona: "Don't mind me. Guests should be treated with courtesy, right?"
Senri: "So she says. Go ahead and relax like it's your own home."
Noah: "A mi casa for the three of us!"
Fiona: "Three...?"
Noah: "Fiona?"
Fiona: "There are only two rooms. Divide them up however you like. I'm just gonna take a shower."
Noah: "Noah's going too!"
Fiona: "Can't say I'm crazy about the idea, but alright. If I'm with you, I won't have to worry about Senri running off while I'm not watching him."
Fiona: "Oh, and Senri. If you want to peep, feel free."
Senri: "I'll think about it."
I had no particular interest or impression on the matter, so I took out a puzzle ring.
If Fiona makes a move, it'll be sometime around our infiltration of this facility. She probably won't let me leave the apartment, so I'll have half a day of free time to kill.
Fiona: "That hair's gotta be trouble. It's hard work combing it out, isn't it?"
Senri: "It was hard work."
Noah: "I worked you hard."
Fiona: "...You're awfully indulgent with her, aren't you?"
Senri: "I'm gonna go get some rest, so get along, you two."
She looked like she wanted to say something, but made no further comments.
Fiona: "........."
Fiona: "......The girl's in the next room..."
Fiona: "Senri."
Senri: "........."
Fiona: "Regular breathing. Heavily closed eyelids. His throat movement... his saliva is secreting more slowly."
Fiona: "Senri, you're asleep, aren't you?"
Senri: "........."
Fiona: "You didn't succumb to your exhaustion and lose consciousness despite your suspicions, but rather purposely fell asleep for the shortest period possible to efficiently recover your stamina."
Fiona: "I applaud your nerves... but if you're too defenseless, I might have a change of heart."
Fiona: "...? This terminal by your bedside... what's it displaying—"
Senri: "—Already time to leave?"
I grabbed her arm when she reached out to my terminal. Her wrist was the same size as the one belonging to the Hood I'd grabbed a year earlier, during that confrontation with Atori.
Fiona: "Morning, Senri. Sense any bloodlust from me?"
Senri: "None."
Fiona: "If I {were} a murderer, you'd sense some. I don't have any, hence I won't kill you."
Senri: "So the clergy not only practice haiku, but also logical fallacies these days."
Fiona: "Tell me where there was a flaw in my statement just now. Be specific."
Senri: "The whole thing, right? There are plenty of pros who kill just like they're saying hello, aren't there? You're one of those types, I would think."
Fiona: "It doesn't suit me to pull punches. If I'm going to do something, I commit to it, all the way."
She's talented enough to kill someone with a smile on her face in the next moment.
But Fiona won't attack me.
Pros don't make their move when they can't see an absolute forecast of their kill.
Senri: "I may only be borrowing it, but it's my room for the time being. I think you should knock."
Sensing from her voice and her eyes that she didn't intend to kill me, I released her arm.
Fiona: "That's the bed I usually use."
Senri: "Do you still need something? I thought we were moving tomorrow night. Or did you change your mind?"
Fiona: "There's only one thing a woman would go to a man's room for, isn't there?"
Senri: "When they succumb to their carnal lusts, humans become little better than monkeys. In either case, their thoughts cease, their freedom is stolen, and they become completely defenseless."
Fiona: "What, I can't satisfy you? I'm fairly certain that my looks are good enough to not need any enhancement."
Senri: "I don't care about your objective self-assessments. If you inject some hyaluronic acid into your face, your skin'll rejuvenate however much you want."
Senri: "You can visit some beauty parlors and salons, operate on your eyes to make them look bigger, then finish off the look with makeup. I don't even care if you get plastic surgery."
Fiona: "I suppose so. If one pursues it tenaciously enough, they might even surpass natural beauty."
Senri: "You're too perfect. You're drawing out the absolute maximum potential of every talent you were born with."
Fiona: "If you're in the mood, it's fine with me. Do whatever you like. Go ahead and touch me if you want to feel for yourself."
Senri: "When I think something's perfect, I prefer to gaze upon it from afar."
Fiona: "So timid. I'd intended it to be a thank-you for working with me, but oh well."
Senri: "If we're done here, I'm gonna get back to bed."
I pulled my blanket back up over me, but Fiona made no move to leave.
Fiona: "That collection of cases on your terminal... They're all connected in some way to affairs that shaped the current state of magical society."
Senri: "It's a little eerie how quickly you figured that out from just glancing at them for a few seconds."
Senri: "Or is it... that you're just as curious as I am about those incidents, and you've got everything I've been looking into on your mind already..."
Fiona: "Are you looking over past incidents on Agartha every night before you sleep?"
Senri: "I've no interest in what happened in the past, but history does repeat itself. You can't make informed decisions in the present without knowing the past."
Fiona: "...You're standing alone, up against a huge wall."
Fiona: "If you try to learn too much, it's only a matter of time until you're erased. You're on your way to dying in the pursuit of your goals."
Fiona: "If you stop worrying about this stuff and just go live a quiet life somewhere, you should be able to at least protect yourself easily enough. Why do you so stubbornly cling to this fight that you can't possibly win?"
Maybe Fiona forgot her own position for a moment. I imagine she was asking me a question she herself was truly curious about.
Senri: "It's because that's all I can do."
Fiona: "...What?"
Senri: "I'm tied tight to this. The same way you are."
Fiona: "You don't know anything about me."
Senri: "Hm? I thought you were working for money."
Fiona: "......"
Senri: "I can at least understand how a like-minded person thinks. I see the eyes of a fool who wholeheartedly chases one thing so much in the mirror every day that I'm sick of them."
Fiona: "...Is that so."
Fiona rose as if her interest had waned.
Fiona: "Hey."
She called out before leaving the room as if she'd suddenly remembered something.
Fiona: "Do you think we need magic, Senri?"
Senri: "Well..."
Senri: "Senri at least must have thought we did."
It was such a vague question I ended up giving her just as vague an answer.
====================F006.TXT====================
Though pollution of the atmosphere has slowed now with the introduction of Magi, that scent of exhaust fumes still lingers out here.
Partly because it was late at night, and partly because more and more things were automated by industrial Magi now, there was no one in the industrial zone but us and the peculiar atmosphere around us.
Senri: "How are we getting past their surveillance system?"
Fiona: "Just keep quiet and leave that to me. I've got it all figured out. Do you need to know the details?"
Fiona didn't say much while leading us into the facility's grounds after a roundabout approach.
Several simple-looking buildings that seemed more like aircraft hangars or large warehouses than research facilities filled the area.
They all looked the same, but Fiona seemed to know which building we had business with and headed straight for it.
I followed after her and...
Noah: "Senri, Senri. Left or right?"
Senri: "Straight."
Noah: "Positutely."
Fiona: "...This isn't a game, you know."
Senri: "Doesn't seem like she'll leave my side. I'm just respecting her wishes."
Fiona: "I'm not taking responsibility if anything happens to her, got it?"
Noah: "Fiona's here. Senri's here. What could go wrong?"
Fiona: "...Don't think I'm going to protect you."
Next wasn't directly linked to the OutCast disappearances Kamidate was curious about.
It was the Ministry of Magic that this facility was connected to. Will I be able to figure out tonight why they're sending OutCasts here and what they're doing with them?
The truth behind that and the reason Fiona sought my help are definitely connected. I needed to be on my guard.
Fiona: "Senri."
There was an asphalt road past a service entrance, and at the end of it, a thick door that looked explosion-proof was waiting and open.
Fiona had already entered the building and was beckoning me inside.
Senri: "Right... C'mon, Noah."
There was a bit of a ramp up to the door, and I stepped inside and turned around to pull Noah up with me—
Fiona: "Let's hurry."
Senri: "This isn't what we agreed."
Fiona: "She'll only get in our way. This is a good opportunity to get rid of her, okay?"
Fiona: "You don't need a useless woman who can't even get past a door like that on her own."
Fiona spat out and headed down the long hallway as if she'd already put Noah out of her mind completely.
Senri: "You might be right about that."
I could have unlocked the door if I wanted to, but I decided to leave it alone.
No matter how this goes, I can't imagine we'll just be strolling out of this facility no questions asked, so it'll be safer for Noah to wait outside.
The passageway was a perfectly straight path.
There were shutters at various junctions, but they were all open, and you could look down into the spaces on both sides of the hallway through large windows.
Inside one such space there was a single industrial-size, automatic cleaning Magi, and sturdy cages lining the walls like something a purveyor of wild beasts might have.
Senri: (OutCast cages, huh. There's no one inside them, but they're awfully full of gaps. I can't imagine that stops much magic...)
Just in case, I let Fiona lead the way, but all we went past was countless rooms of the same design. Nothing different.
Senri: "Doesn't seem to be anyone around. Were there really OutCasts held here?"
Fiona: "We're here to find that out, aren't we?"
Senri: "I just thought you might know."
Fiona: "What's that supposed to mean?"
The small rooms we could see from the windows looked like they'd been nothing more a large warehouse space divided up in that way.
As we progressed onward, when the numbers on the doors reached the double digits, a change came about in the air.
Senri: "It stinks."
Fiona: "...Bet it's even worse inside."
When I looked into the room over Fiona's shoulder, I saw a pitiful scene that made it easy to imagine each room's function.
Senri: "Confinement... No, it'd be more apt to say these rooms are for torture."
The floor was indelibly stained by bodily fluids. Special chemicals probably weren't even enough to get them out.
Bodies had liquefied and melted away, leaving only restraints and clothing—and the phenomenon had produced a biting odor.
It resembled the Ring liquefactions.
Senri: "Looks like they're continuing here what they started last year."
Fiona: "Yes, I'm surprised this is still going on."
...Something bothered me about that.
The distribution of the Rings a year ago had all been planned. It had all been for collecting data in the Fraternity's experiment.
But with the changes to the status quo the 12/12 attacks brought, the Ministry of Magic had been founded and had seized authority over magic regulation.
Now that they have real power, they don't need to pick pesky OutCasts off like an indiscriminate serial killer; is it so important that they round them up and dispose of them in secret like this?
In fact, if their inhumane acts come to light now, I imagine the scandal would lead to their downfall—
Fiona: "There's a lively OutCast nearby asserting his presence rather aggressively."
Senri: "Let's go."
It'll be quicker if we can just hear what's going on here right from someone who's been captured by them. We opened the door of the room the tremors were coming from and stepped inside.
Going down the stairs into the room, the exact sort of atrium-like space I imagined spread out—
Senri: "—"
There was a fierce stench. It was more than the average person could handle, bad enough that I was wondering if a corpse had been decomposing in here for weeks.
Maybe someone who was in the business of cleaning up things like this would be able to handle it, someone whose nose had completely stopped working, but an average citizen like me couldn't help grimacing.
Fiona: "........."
I glanced over at Fiona, who stood beside me looking completely unruffled.
She was {used to} the smell. I became certain of her intent from her behavior and {completed my predictions} for this little encounter.
Senri: "I'm gonna go ask the fellow locked up in the cage in the back some questions. He seems to be holding his human form, luckily."
Fiona: "I'll leave it to you."
I turned my back to Fiona at the door and peered into the cage. My nose is starting to get accustomed to things down here too.
Senri: "......"
Squatting in the cage was a grotesque beast—no, a former human.
His build was warped, but there were traces of his humanity still remaining in his silhouette.
The giant, two times the size of an adult male, had bulging muscles, bared fangs, and sunken eyes, all of which would produce in people a visceral fear.
It must have been worn out from its little fit; it didn't move at all when I approached it.
Senri: "Strike the bars once if you understand me."
Monster: "OoOoOoOoGh..."
All it produced was a strange growl.
Either it couldn't comprehend human words anymore or it just didn't feel like conversing with me; the monster merely sent an empty gaze toward Fiona at the door.
The cages were secured heavily with two- or three-fold magic locks. The room didn't allow screams to leave it. If there's nothing we can get from this monster, it would be easy enough to dispose of it, but—
Senri: "...Huh?"
Fiona: "What do you mean, 'huh'? What a letdown."
In an instant, the floor all turned to ice. My shoes were frozen in place, immobilizing me.
Fiona: "Don't move."
Senri: "........."
Fiona: "If you do anything suspicious, I'll take off your head. Want to test who's faster when you've got your legs stuck to the ground?"
Senri: "So we're here to take me out after all. But why now?"
Fiona: "...It looks like I overestimated you a bit."
Fiona spat out a "you can't even guess that?" as if she regretted even taking the time to lure me here.
Fiona: "As soon as we came in here, I had no intention of letting you leave. Let's get this over with."
Senri: "Wait, I screwed up. You don't have a single parting gift for the pitiful man who knows nothing of the circumstances he's found himself in?"
Fiona glided over to me on the ice and froze some handcuffs onto my arms as I held them behind my head.
I was finally trapped like an insect specimen, completely unable to move, and Fiona pierced me with a glare that said she had absolute power over me.
Fiona: "Pathetic."
Senri: "Just what I was thinking."
With my legs immobile, I laced my fingers behind my head.
Completely bound, it was my total surrender. With time, I could remove them, but if I was at all suspicious in my movements, I imagine she'd sever my limbs instantly.
Fiona made absolutely sure that I couldn't resist, then took out something she'd brought with her.
Fiona: "Fragments—"
Fiona: "This facility is a testing site. But there's no research equipment, because there's only two things needed for these experiments."
Fiona: "All we need is an OutCast with high magical aptitude and two Fragments."
Senri: "So you brought me here for an experiment."
Fiona: "If I proposed to cooperate with you, you'd pretend to go along and try to figure out what I was up to."
Fiona: "You got a good taste of that yesterday, didn't you? That odd relationship where two people act together while knowing they aren't really cooperating."
I knew both of us were wondering when the other would betray them underneath the flimsy guise of cooperation.
And Fiona was aware that I knew, cooperating with me on a surface level only because the merits outweighed the risks.
Basically, we were waiting for the right moment to betray each other—the moment when we'd made the most use of the other and could get rid of them.
Fiona: "I even intruded on you while you slept in the unlikely event that you left yourself open, but you weren't so foolish."
It was the sort of thing she'd think of, since we'd tried to kill each other once before and she'd judged it would be too much work to go up against me in a frontal assault.
No matter where she attacked me, if I fought back with magic, things would inevitably escalate and Fiona would lose her advantage.
Of course, if she wanted to liquefy me regardless of whether she was certain she would succeed or not, she could just grab me somewhere on the street at night. Yet Fiona hadn't done that.
Fiona: "Even if you know you're being deceived, you greedily prioritize whatever information you can gather. You favor the return over the risk. That's why you came with me."
Fiona: "You're always sure you can turn any hopeless situation around. It saved me some work that you'd come to the testing site on your own like this."
Senri: "'Since there's a chance I could end up like that'?"
I glanced at the cage where the monster was shut away.
Fiona: "Good intuition. That's right, it's just sticking Fragments into your chest, so the experiment can be carried out anywhere."
Fiona: "The problem is what happens after that. If you just liquefy, cleaning you up is simple, but if you turn into a monster on the side of the road, we've got a problem."
Senri: "Those both sound like failures to me. Are there cases where something other than those two options happens?"
Fiona: "...I'd say that's enough for a {parting gift}, wouldn't you?"
Fiona'd given me information she didn't need to, thinking I'd take it with me to the grave since I was completely immobilized.
{If I weren't in this situation, I doubt she'd have been as forthcoming.}
Fiona: "Will you liquefy, or become a monster... Why don't you pray God's blessings are upon you, or something."
Senri: "Sure—it's not all the information I wanted, but I guess I can't keep you waiting any longer."
Fiona: "I don't know what you're after, but it's too bad. We'll make good use of your corpse."
Senri: "? I wasn't talking to you."
Fiona: "What's that supposed to mean? You have no chance of negotiating. We're done here. Say your prayers."
Fiona held Fragments in both of her hands and pressed them to my chest—and that's when it happened.
A black shadow shot out with the speed of a bullet.
When this new threat attacked from above, Fiona discarded the Fragments without a second thought. Her superior judgment forced her to free up her hands.
Her divine kinetic vision made miracles possible. When she was completely focused on dodging, Fiona could easily avoid the shadow's movements.
Monster: "NgAaAaAaAaAaAaAaAaAhH!!"
But the power in that huge frame surpassed miracles. She'd avoided the blow from the massive arm, but it had grazed her—and just that was enough to send her crashing into a wall, slapstick-style.
A meteorite—that seemed an apt comparison.
Senri: "Struggling?"
Fiona: "No... This is just the usual for me."
That snap judgment in freeing up her hands had saved Fiona.
She'd defended against the impact, perfectly protecting her head—she knew that a concussion would likely mean her death.
Fiona: "There's not a single time in my life when things went according to plan."
Fiona: "So this is within expectations."
Fiona didn't spare the shattered Fragments a single glance, concentrating only on the beast nimbly leaping about the room.
Fiona: "The cage isn't broken. He didn't wrench it open, so it was open already?"
Fiona: "You got me, Senri."
Senri: "What do you mean?"
Fiona: "You {drove yourself into a corner} to get information out of me. You were planning this since you laid eyes on the monster in that cage."
Senri: "I said I couldn't keep him waiting any longer, didn't I?"
Fiona: "Stupid... you're suicidal. This failure of a monster is going to rip you to shreds. You can't move, so you're going to die first."
The victim of their experiments, loosed from his cage, jumped randomly around the room as if to vent his frustration, putting all his weight onto his arms.
His ferocious strength sent pieces of the floor exploding into the air like shotgun shells.
Senri: "You're pretty cool."
Unbridled physical strength is a threat that can't be exaggerated; sometimes it can overwhelm skill.
A foe like this will never use tactics, and will always challenge you to a head-on fight, after all. No human can take down a wild elephant with his bare hands.
Fiona: "—Here he comes."
Monster: "GrOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOhHh!!"
He raced toward Fiona with a feral howl.
Thick rock. Elaborate armor. A mass of muscle ran at her.
A charge—like a passionate declaration of love.
He didn't require an approach or any kind of preparation, so to the receiving end of his attack, his movement was close to teleportation.
He tackled without any thoughts to the consequences and the door to the room was crushed {by his form alone}.
Fiona failed to completely avoid the attack once more, perhaps still reeling from his first surprise attack. She went flying.
Senri: "...That's your escape route blocked."
The door, warped from the impact, wouldn't open anymore, so the room could only be escaped by breaking through it.
Monster: "HAAAHHHHHH, HAAAAHHHHHHH..."
That was a big impact, but it didn't seem to take anything out of the monster.
Senri: (...Is that skin sloughed off on the floor—no, it's dirt.)
It had an abnormally high metabolism.
Its limitless stamina resulted from accelerated healing power.
Fiona: "......Why is it only targeting me...?"
Senri: "You said yesterday, didn't you? That objectively—your looks are good enough to not need any enhancement."
Senri: "Give him some company. Even as a monster, his instincts are pushing him toward a {woman}."
I wasn't just guessing. It was a fact that as soon as we entered the room, the monster's eyes had been fixed on Fiona.
Fiona: "[In a silver world, / act with ice-cold precision. / Leave nothing to chance.]"
Bringing out her trusty concealable ice-bladed Magi, Fiona took a battle stance.
Senri: "You don't look too good."
Fiona: "Stay out of this, schemer."
Senri: "Just talking to myself."
Senri: "If you removed these restraints, we could deal with him together though, couldn't we?"
Fiona: "........."
Fiona was moving in a completely different way than she had before. She'd stubbornly protected her head in those first few attacks, and it was clear that her legs were the worse for it.
On top of that, no matter your combat experience, going up against a monster like that is sure to wear at your psyche.
Fiona: "And now you're playing the 'an enemy of an enemy' card? How many moves ahead are you thinking?"
Senri: "If you want me to stay a spectator, I'll just let my restraints melt slowly while I watch that thing have its way with you."
After she's exhausted her stamina fighting this monster, will she be able to deal with the subject of her experiment too—there's no way a woman as skilled as her wouldn't be able to make that judgment call.
Fiona: "......"
Her transparent sword cut through the ice at my feet without so much as a "whoosh" through the air. That was her answer to my question.
Senri: "Good decision."
I rubbed off the remaining ice around my wrists and gave myself a little stretch, checking the condition of my arms.
Fiona: "I'll deal with you later. Burying him comes first."
Senri: "From the looks of things, he doesn't have a functioning sense of pain. If you froze his feet to the ground, he'd probably just rip the skin off to get out of it."
Senri: "And we can't reason with him if he doesn't understand words. All he's interested in is breaking you. What'll we do?"
Fiona: "We cut him. Back me up."
Her simple response made my actions clear as well.
Senri: "Fiona, you can predict where he'll strike next. Keep dodging."
The monster's head is full of nothing but chasing the tail of the woman before him, but he'll probably respond if he's attacked.
It'd be easy enough to hit him in the back, but if I want to take him out for sure, it'll be more convenient if he's focused solely on Fiona.
Senri: "[Winter has come]."
I brought out a blizzard, just enough to be a distraction. A cold wind with bits of ice in it, aimed at the monster's back.
It wouldn't freeze him and it wouldn't cause him any pain, either. The breeze may even have been comfortable to him, and the monster merely continued his tackles.
The very building began to groan under his attacks.
Fiona moved in straight lines to dodge him.
Fiona: "That's the best you can do?"
Senri: "Give it a minute. It'll take effect soon."
Cannon-like attacks rained on her from the floor, from the walls, from the ceiling. Destruction, pure and simple.
Their game of tag had seemed like it would never end, but with a certain "realization," it was over.
Fiona: "—?!"
It was a tiny decimal point of difference, yet between them it was an unbridgeable gap, that only one who had earnestly faced combat before could cross.
Fiona: "...Too slow!"
Fiona took one step toward him as she dodged, swinging her arm as she went.
It took one second. When the monster turned around and coiled for another attack—everything above his knees slid... down to the floor.
Monster: "GGH?!"
It was a beautiful cross-section, as if sewing him back together would make the parts stick instantly. Unable to comprehend that its flesh and bones had been severed, the monster could only voice its confusion.
Monster: "EeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEgGgGhHh!!"
His scream hit my eardrums. Seizing her opportunity, a cruel shooting star in the form of Fiona rained down on the struggling monster.
With her weight behind it, the ice blade pierced its heart and deep into the floor under it as well.
Fiona: "It's over."
She twisted the grip and—grind, grind, squelch, squelch—finished him off by digging the blade around in the wound.
She unfixed the blade as soon as she was finished. Since they're consumable and highly durable blades she can produce limitlessly, there's no need to get attached to any single one.
Senri: (Kousaki Fiona Annabel is capable of all this.)
Her emotionless eyes were those of an assassin. She didn't finish him instantly out of consideration for his suffering, but because she was only after doing it in the most efficient way.
Fiona: "An improvised chilled environment."
Fiona: "By exposing him to cold air, you lowered his agility without letting him notice and gave me the advantage, since I could predict his movements."
Senri: "Correct."
Senri: "All you needed to make your move was a {tiny} yet {overwhelming} advantage, wasn't it?"
She's skilled enough to attack with almost no motion, but that "almost" holds her back.
Nine out of ten isn't absolute.
Nine out of ten means failure once in every ten tries.
And failure means death. Every ten tries, one death.
Fiona would never bet on an attack that could end in a draw between her and a monster.
"As long as I survive" and "I must survive" will never mesh.
More than the nuance, there's just a fundamental difference in the actions those views will elicit.
This was the support I'd given her as a result of the combination of all the battlefields Fiona and I had been on, the skills we'd learned, and how we'd been trained.
Fiona: "You don't have to get your hands dirty and you don't end up in any danger; you leave it all to me. Sounds just like you."
She's not being sarcastic.
Fiona is complimenting me, I imagine.
Commending me for my methods.
Senri: "Maybe I shouldn't say this, but... don't joke around too much, eh?"
Fiona: "?"
Senri: "Don't force someone else to attend his deathbed when you won't even give the guy the dignity to die as a human being."
Senri: "You're gonna see hell one day."
Fiona: "Gehenna, eh? Cheap words... amh. Mmh..."
Senri: "Replenishing some calories?"
Fiona put some candy in her mouth. I have no idea what she's thinking, and I doubt I'll ever understand the nerves of someone who can put something into their mouth in a room filled with such a powerful stench as this one.
She was finished with it surprisingly quickly, maybe because she used her whole mouth to dissolve it.
Fiona: "Well... looks like our get-along game didn't work out."
I doubt she can continue her little experiment with no Fragments. Fiona appeared to be thinking the same with the warped door at her back.
Her expression was the same as always, but she didn't appear to be her usual self. Her injured leg must still be bothering her.
Senri: "Do your experiments go better the higher the OutCast's aptitude is?"
Fiona: "...You'd be the best candidate. I'd have liked to capture Ageha when I saw her at Next too."
Senri: "You insert two Fragments into their body and the OutCast liquefies, becomes a monster, or—what's the third option?"
Fiona: "........."
She didn't answer, like I thought.
Fiona: "Oh well. I'll take out one of your legs so that you can't move. Then once I have everything I need again, we'll try that experiment here one more time."
As we've had a fight that ended in a draw before, she's probably unwilling to fight me head-on, but since we're stuck in this room together and I'm her enemy, she doesn't have a lot of options here.
But it was a bit of a hasty decision. With the damage she'd taken in her fight with the monster, I was at an overwhelming advantage, unharmed as I was.
Senri: "If you'll consider it, I'm sure we can come to some compromise. All I'm after is information. Not the bullshit you fed me yesterday, but the truth."
Fiona: "With how grey my position is right now, there's nothing to guarantee the truth of what I say to you. Which means that any conditions you propose now can't hold up."
Fiona: "You understand that, which is why you {manufactured} a situation in which you'd been driven into a corner to get the truth out of me."
Senri: "Meaning?"
Fiona: "Meaning... anything you propose right now is under the assumption that we'll be fighting and that it will give you some advantage."
Senri: "Correct."
This woman's involved. She's not some mercenary in it for the money who'd give up information on the organization at the drop of a hat.
Fiona: "Right now, any option other than fighting is just bullshit."
Fiona: "I can't make any more of a mess here."
It's not the best situation, but now that Fiona's shown her true colors, we can't avoid this confrontation.
Senri: "So there's a fire under your ass now. Well, I don't mind..."
Senri: "This isn't going to go well for you."
I'll defeat her.
I'm not going to let her bite her tongue off and kill herself.
I'll carve my demands into her until she has no choice but to swallow them.
I'll break her heart so that she won't be able to stand again. That's defeat.
After I get her to spill every secret about the organization she knows, I'll use her until there's nothing more I can get out of her too.
It's a savage, uncultured way to get what I want—but it's the way of conflict, something easier than anything else to understand.
Fiona: "......"
Senri: "......"
???/Yumi: "...Heh, heheh."
Muffled laughter suddenly joined the stench of death hanging in the air of the room—at some point a woman had appeared on the other side of the window, observing us.
???/Yumi: "Heh, heheheh, eheh... heheheh..."
Our confrontation interrupted, Fiona and I exchanged a glance. We maintained the minimum amount of caution we could direct at each other and turned our attention to our observer.
???/Yumi: "I'm sorry for laughing. Isn't it just exhilarating when someone falls right into your trap?"
Fiona: "Inefficient."
Senri: "Talk to me when you've solved a puzzle ring of the highest difficulty."
The woman gave a little sigh, a strained smile on her face. She seemed to be reassuring herself that she had the upper hand in the situation.
???/Yumi: "Before you ask: that door's not opening. I locked it as soon as you two entered the room."
The door was already physically difficult to get open after being warped by the monster. A lock probably didn't have much meaning in this situation.
Fiona: "Roundabout. Tell us why you've trapped us in here."
Senri: "What she said. As you can see, we're a little busy at the moment."
???/Yumi: "......"
Her eyes seemed to be asking, "Why aren't they panicking?" Our calm, when we were the ones trapped, probably had her nervous.
???/Yumi: "You can't even understand the situation you're in right now, can you?"
That's not true. I, and likely Fiona as well, understand the situation perfectly.
We just know that panicking will never lead to a solution, so we maintain our calm at all times. That's all it is.
???/Yumi: "Kousaki Fiona Annabel. I have no grudge against you, but this is a perfect opportunity to take you down. Heheh."
Fiona: "...Take me down?"
???/Yumi: "You're so slow. You made a deal with him in order to lure him here and experiment on him, didn't you...?"
???/Yumi: "Don't you think this situation could come off as treason depending on the way it's reported?"
Senri: "Innocent until proven guilty meets dead men tell no tales, eh?"
The woman's lips curled into a satisfied smile.
???/Yumi: "Yes, after hearing about your little blunder at Next, I decided you would be perfect to overthrow."
???/Yumi: "It's simple. All I have to do is report, 'Fiona colluded with an OutCast to destroy our research facilities, and I dealt with them.'"
???/Yumi: "Heh, heheh, it's only natural, really. I graduated at the top of my class at the Academy. There's no reason why I wouldn't succeed in this organization."
???/Yumi: "Let me guess, you received your undeserved position by beguiling Inui-san with your body. How unfortunate. Not everything is that easy."
Inui—the Minister of Magic. I saw him with Fiona at the church a year ago.
Senri: "So she's a member of your organization too."
Fiona: "{Seems that way}."
???/Yumi: "......?"
Does the fact that there are members unfamiliar to her mean that their numbers have grown in this last year?
From Ruu's "lone wolves" comment last year and the fact that their conspiracy never leaked I'd assumed they were a rather small gathering of like-minded individuals...
Fiona: "From her behavior, I'd guess she's not a compatriot... just a grunt."
???/Yumi: "—?!"
Yumi: "I'm Kohiruimaki Yumi..."
Fiona: "I see."
At Fiona's blank, "so what?" face, there was finally a change in Kohiruimaki's seemingly-confident attitude.
Yumi: "What is this... I-I know you, but you... don't know me?"
Fiona: "Should I?"
Yumi: "I was... I was brought in... for my ability..."
Fiona: "You're strong? Then get in here and help me out."
Yumi: "...Huh?"
Fiona: "The two of us will restrain this man. If you're unsatisfied with your post, we can chat after that."
Yumi: "D—Don't give me orders!!"
Yumi: "Who do you think you are?! You're incompetent—pathetic! We're worlds apart! You could never understand what I've gone through."
Little bit of dissension among the ranks here? Considering the goals of this woman who called herself Kohiruimaki, she's not going to get backup, but the situation has gotten a little more complicated.
Fiona: "Think about this a little more logically. You think Sensei is going to fall for some childish deception like that? Even if you take me out, it'll only make your position worse."
Yumi: "'Sensei'...? Heheh. You call Inui 'Sensei'? You must idolize him, don't you?"
Yumi: "Do you think you can really trust your beloved 'Sensei'?"
Fiona: "...What?"
Yumi: "I realized this while I was researching you to take you down..."
Yumi: "That plane crash that brought about distrust in magic eight years ago, the Fall of Icarus..."
The Fall of Icarus: the tragedy in which no member of the passengers or crew of the Triumph A2X came back alive. There's nothing else she could mean by that.
Yumi: "That accident... don't you think someone caused it on purpose to manipulate public opinion?"
Fiona: "......"
Yumi: "What I'm trying to say is—"
Kohiruimaki had completely let her guard down, thinking she was perfectly safe behind those thick walls.
There was a quiet malice, a bloodlust that you could only sense from experience, that she missed.
Yumi: "?!"
Fiona: "...Guess throwing wasn't enough. It's a bit pushy, but I'll have to cut through."
So—what saved Kohiruimaki's life was nothing but luck. She was saved by the specially strengthened glass meant to withstand attacks from those ferocious monsters.
Yumi: "You...!"
Fiona doesn't like joking around with threats or diversions.
If her icicles beat out the glass in strength, there would have been holes in Kohiruimaki's head. She'd shot them off clearly intending to kill her.
Yumi: "You're just being used!! You think you're the only one who's different, don't you?! Won't you feel like a fool when you're thrown away in the end?!"
Yumi: "But don't worry. I'm a nice person, so I'll end it for you here before you have a chance to lose everything."
I didn't miss the madness in her eyes—and Fiona didn't either.
We first entered the room lured by the sound of the monster—so if you assume Kohiruimaki woke it up beforehand to guide us here, there's only one possible outcome.
Yumi: "Be thankful that you won't have to lose everything, and die!!"
With her gleefully sadistic shout, there was a flash as the explosives she'd set at pinpoint spots brought the ceiling crashing down on us.
Fiona: "—!!"
Debris plummeted down on us. A rain of destruction.
The {deep despair} I saw etched on Fiona's face when I glanced over at her left an impression on me.
A devastating wave of heat, the force of the explosion, lacerations from falling debris; looking at all these things objectively, our survival rate was perilously close to zero.
Fiona: "A grunt plans a coup / but she jumps to conclusions. / Shows what she can do...
You'd have to be brainless to think you've won without taking my head with you."
Just perilously close, however, not zero.
Senri: "So Kousaki Fiona Annabel is capable of all this."
Fiona: "This is just normal."
My evaluation of her skill wasn't directed at her handling of the situation, but at the {false emotion} she'd plastered onto her face.
Senri: "It's as if we've been interred."
Fiona: "And this little ice coffin I've made only sits one. There's no room for you."
Senri: "Then you should have just cut through the wall and taken shelter in the next room."
Fiona: "But she wouldn't think I was dead if I did that, would she?"
Senri: "Correct."
In order to deceive Kohiruimaki, she had to make sure the explosions were witnessed, and that she stayed in her sights until the last possible moment.
So she wanted it to look like she'd been buried.
And she needed that look of despair to pull that off.
It was all so that Kohiruimaki would think she'd won.
If she hadn't confirmed her death, Kohiruimaki would make her next move. That would be trouble. If she blew the whole facility to smithereens, for instance, there would be no guarantee we'd get out alive.
If you assume she has two or three other moves prepared, {deciding to die here} makes the most sense.
She also knew her ice blade could cut through the floor, so she could minimize her movement in avoiding damage by digging down.
Fiona: "It's tight."
Senri: "Don't say that. We were in complete sync, weren't we?"
Fiona: "...You just had to, didn't you..."
I judged that the talented Fiona would come to all those conclusions instantly.
So, since I knew Fiona would cut through the floor, what I needed to do was—some simple construction work. A shield to cover us and a foundation underneath us to support it.
Senri: "You wouldn't have made it on your own."
Her silence was an affirmation. There was nothing to be ashamed of.
What was most labor-intensive was creating this space.
Fiona: "Yes, I'm grateful... so... mm."
Was this supposed to be her thanks? Despite the situation we found ourselves in, Fiona ran her tongue across my neck and sighed seductively against me.
Fiona: "Mmh... Senri..."
Senri: "Don't do anything stupid, Fiona."
Fiona: "Mmch... mmh... what, is your neck sensitive...? I can't suck on any candy in this position, so your neck is my substitute."
Senri: "I'm saying that killing me in this situation is suicidal."
Her tongue came to a quick stop. The violent glare Fiona gave me was a look of death incarnate.
Senri: "If you're trying to get me to let down my guard so you can bite through my throat, cut it out. If you cut through the artery, all the blood that spurted out would melt the ice for sure."
Fiona: "Since both of us were aiming to survive this, neither of us could change our strategy..."
Senri: "As it's the best possible solution, there's nothing else we can do. The Nash equilibrium."
Fiona: "So you always act based on what your enemy will do."
The little space inside the room that had been destroyed—this coffin cut out of the floor was being maintained by pillars and walls of ice.
Senri: "We can finish this after we get out of here."
Fiona: "Agreed. Not that I'm happy about it."
When we'd finished our cease-fire (it was all talk, of course), Fiona turned her eyes to the ice.
Fiona: "...But in that instant, not only could you predict what I was going to do next..."
Fiona: "I can't believe you could call up walls of ice sturdy enough to defend against so much rubble too."
We may be enemies, but we trust in each other's abilities. On that point at least, we were in complete agreement.
Senri: "Let's wait to escape until just before the ice melts. I doubt Kohiruimaki will linger, but we won't know when she's left the building."
Fiona: "Agreed."
Unlike Fiona, who took a rest, clearly agitated by the free time we were stuck with now, I didn't plan on wasting it.
Senri: "Tell me what the third option is when you stick two Fragments in someone's chest."
I repeated the question I hadn't been able to get an answer to.
Senri: "You've got two options: answer me, or rot away here."
I gripped one of the pillars holding up the wall, our lifeline. If this breaks, and the space collapses—that means our death.
Fiona: "Are you serious...?"
Senri: "If you think it's an empty threat, just ignore me. I'm always starved for information."
Fiona glared at me and sighed as if she'd run out of patience.
Fiona: "The fusion of the two Fragments."
I guess she'd given up. She went on disinterestedly with no prefacing:
Fiona: "If implanted in a mage with high aptitude, it's rare, but there are cases when the two Fragments will fuse."
Fiona: "The device in the experiment is destroyed, and the fused Fragments are emitted from its body."
Fiona: "We call these emissions Neocrystallizations."
Senri: "So as soon as the Fragments are implanted, the subject's death is decided, then."
Fiona: "They'll live on if they become a monster, but then they're disposed of."
She spoke the words plainly, but only a demon would use a human body as a synthesis device.
Senri: "And you've even got specialized facilities for these experiments, so they didn't just start recently. You've gotten your hands on a few Neocrystallizations already, haven't you?"
Senri: "Do you need numbers? Or higher quality fusions? How are they used?"
Fiona: "........."
Senri: "I don't even need three seconds to cast us down into hell."
My body heat started to melt the pillar I was gripping. There's a perfect balance holding up this wall, and if we lose even one of these pillars, we'll be buried alive.
Fiona: "...Quality."
I'm sure Fiona doesn't fear death, but I'm equally sure she wouldn't want to die after Kohiruimaki had filed that shameful report about her.
Fiona: "He said we needed the higher purity Neocrystallizations created from fusions in high aptitude subjects."
Senri: "'He'?"
Fiona: "...Sensei. Inui-sensei. And there's just one reason we're creating them."
Fiona: "To bring down this rotten magical society."
Tears of blood—There was so much hatred in Fiona's eyes I almost imagined I saw such things running from them.
Fiona'd said Kohiruimaki wasn't a compatriot. If the organization's goal was "bringing retribution on magical society," then it makes sense that they didn't seem like they were on the same team.
Senri: "This retribution is so noble a goal to you that you'd carry out genocide against unresisting OutCasts, huh?"
It doesn't make sense.
Senri: "Inui could do it now that he's the power behind the Ministry of Magic. By seizing more government power or whatever else. That's what December 12th was for, wasn't it?"
Senri: "Or are you making some weapon of mass destruction with the Neocrystallizations?"
Fiona: "There's no need to know..."
The words weren't directed at me, but at herself.
Fiona doesn't even know the reason. She follows the plans of her organization and doesn't doubt that they're getting her closer to her personal goals as well.
Senri: "Kohiruimaki was shouting about Fall of Icarus conspiracy theories as she left, wasn't she?"
Senri: "If past incidents are all connected to this, it's not surprising to think there could have been some strings pulled back then."
Fiona: "The Fall of Icarus was a total accident because of the Magi engine on board."
Fiona: "That was announced publicly after a lengthy, thorough investigation; it's why it created such a controversy. There's no way it was part of some conspiracy."
Fiona: "That could never be."
Senri: "...Do you have some connection to the Fall of Icarus?"
Fiona: "It's a day to be celebrated."
Fiona said the words as if to shake off her frustration, but the silence after them just seemed to drag it on.
Though she didn't elaborate, those words alone were enough to give me an idea of what she meant by them.
Senri: "No survivors among the passengers or crew—that's what I heard, but I guess someone lived through it after all."
Her frozen past and her burning eyes. A scorching heat was coming off of the precipitation of her dark past.
Fiona: "There were no lies in those reports. It was just the same there as it is here, minus the flames."
Fiona: "There were zero survivors. All the passengers died. My family died in front of my eyes as well. But Gehenna rejected me. The strength of my grudge brought me back to reality."
Fiona: "One given a mission and reborn for revenge. That's me. Kousaki Fiona Annabel."
In the ultimate irony, the one who saved Fiona from an accident caused by the existence of magic was one with unparalleled magical aptitude himself.
She swore revenge and trained night and day—what made Fiona into Fiona was this harsh reality.
Senri: "The pursuit of the truth is like solving a puzzle ring. You'll never get there if you're just looking at it from the same angle."
Senri: "I don't even know half of your circumstances... but don't you think there are some things you might only see if you leave the organization for a while?"
Senri: "Even if the people up top don't believe Kohiruimaki's report, after your failure at Next and your bungling of an experiment with a man who now knows your secrets, your standing can't be very high there."
There was a tiny bit of doubt now inside Fiona about her organization, though I didn't know if it came from Kohiruimaki's remarks or if it had been building up for a while.
Fiona: "My compatriot Inui is my savior, who gave me a chance at revenge. The teacher who brought out my talent to its fullest potential. The foster father who raised me."
Fiona: "Sensei could never stray from the path."
Fiona: "However... our plan was supposed to come to its fruition that day a year ago. That's what I'd been told, and what I'd believed as I acted."
Magical society's retribution had been delayed. With no new concrete plans, she'd begun to grow suspicious as she had to leave her mission to others with no idea as to when it would be fulfilled.
That's why she's told me so much.
That's why she allowed herself to tell me so much.
The suspicion swirling in her heart had grown to a level she couldn't suppress any longer.
Senri: "Human beings are not almighty. Rather, they're extremely small and fragile."
Senri: "In some situations, they'll change into completely different people in a matter of seconds. It's not strange for someone's goals to change as they obtain power."
Senri: "There's no guarantee that Inui's motives are the same now as they were when you were studying under him. You might be the only one who still wants to bring down this rotten magic society."
Fiona: "...You're wrong. Sensei would never make that mistake. He'd never stray from the path."
Senri: "......"
Fiona: "But I can't deny the possibility that some scumbags could be manipulating Sensei to gain control over the power our organization commands."
Fiona: "I know we're infested with that pest Kohiruimaki right now, at least. There may be other parasites among our organization who would besmirch our noble goals."
Fiona: "That would explain the lack of progress toward retribution on magical society... those damn vermin, drunk on some cheap desire for power and hindering our goals..."
She's a smart, cool-headed professional who can do her job without letting her personal feelings interfere... and so, once she has misgivings, she has to ascertain the truth.
What worries me are the feelings Fiona has for Inui—they're not quite trust, but something similar.
Senri: "Luckily, thanks to Kohiruimaki, you and I are both dead."
Senri: "If there are things you want to investigate or vermin you want to eliminate, you can't let this chance pass by, can you?"
Senri: "Why don't we extend this little collaboration?"
Fiona: "...What are you thinking?"
Senri: "If we're in a win-win sort of relationship, I won't discriminate against an assassin."
Senri: "I believe I've gained enough information to outweigh the risks. And... {you didn't let Noah inside the facility}, right?"
Fiona: "...What about it?"
Senri: "...Nah, nothing. We'll have to cooperate to escape from here whether you like it or not."
Fiona: "Don't let your guard down. I'm not gonna promise not to slit your throat."
It was aggressive, but I'd say that's an agreement. I proposed an escape plan to Fiona.
Senri: "We'll blow the ice wall and all the rubble above it away with magic. If there's enough force, it should shoot right through the rubble and the destroyed ceiling above it."
Fiona: "And if there isn't, all that rubble above us will rain down and crush us."
Senri: "If one of us puts up another wall it's a little less risky, but I'm sure we wouldn't be able to create enough force that way. That'll lead to failure."
Fiona: "So at the same time..."
Senri: "With all the strength we have..."
Fiona: "We'll join..."
Senri: "Forces."
Our thoughts were the same, as if we'd agreed upon them beforehand. Fiona's in quite a different position than me, but to get out of a tight spot like this there's no partner I'd trust more than her.
Fiona and I are very similar. And our pasts make us what we are today. Though we've come from completely different situations, the weight of the things we carry is the same.
Fiona: "Senri... do you know why I've said as much as I have?"
Fiona: "Because even if our methods are different, I can tell our goals are the same—retribution on magical society."
Since we're so similar, it's only natural that she'd come to the conclusion that we share the same principles.
Fiona: "What do you have to say to that?"
Senri: "...Who knows."
Senri: "But—there's not a single time in my life when things went according to plan either."
The distance between us seems close, but it's far.
I understand her, but I don't empathize.
And I'm not so upstanding a person that I'd explain my morals to someone seeking retribution.
Fiona: "That's not an answer."
Just like she said, I hadn't answered her. But Fiona put her hand to the ice as if she understood anyway.
Fiona: "People like you and people like me..."
Without prompting, I put my hand on hers so that we could feel each other's heat.
Senri: "The blood running through our veins is no different."
Without exchanging words or even glances, we called up an ice storm as powerful as we could at the exact same moment—and blew the rubble away.
Senri: "You look a little unsteady on your feet. Is it hard to walk on your own?"
Fiona: "It's not a bad enough sprain that I need you to lend me your shoulder. I'll kill you."
Senri: "If you really wanted to, you'd do it before telling me about it, kiddo."
Fiona: "Can you cut it out with that 'kiddo' shit? I'll kill you."
Senri: "Sheesh..."
The only injuries we came out with were lacerations from the monster's attacks, slight burns from the explosions, and some bruises.
A powerful fatigue had assailed us as soon as we'd escaped and the adrenaline started wearing off.
Fiona: "Do you need to retrieve that girl?"
Senri: "Noah, if you're around, come out."
I thought she'd run over at the noise we were making, but I didn't see her anywhere nearby.
It's hard to imagine her going somewhere on her own.
Fiona: "Is that..."
I followed Fiona's eyes to a pile of what looked like silk thread by the side of the road, which turned out to be Noah's hair as she lay face-down.
Senri: "Noah."
Noah: "......Senri...? Fiona...?"
She doesn't appear to be injured, but it's clear that she was passed out on the ground. Her gaze wandered a little between us.
Senri: "What happened?"
Noah: "Ah..."
Noah tried to hand us the two cans of Re:D Elephant she had been clutching to herself like they were precious to her, but they slipped through her fingers to the ground.
Noah: "You two were all... spiky and... not good... not like when we had the strawberry ice, so..."
Noah: "But now... you're warm, like that never happened. Welcome back."
She gave us a smile, unconcerned with her own condition. I almost forgot where I was standing when I saw the look on her face, like the warm rays of the spring sun.
Senri: "...Doesn't have a fever. Breathing and pulse..."
She seemed to be in perfect health—but something struck me as wrong.
After I took her away from Next, while I slept on that bench, Noah displayed a miraculous ability to recover.
If there are no external factors causing this, you could say that Noah's health is in an extremely unstable state. She's someone we can't take our eyes off, who could collapse at any moment.
Senri: "That's enough. Don't talk anymore."
Noah: "Positutely..."
She went limp, and I picked her up and put her on my back; soon after, I heard her quiet breaths steady in her sleep.
Fiona: "May she rest in peace."
Senri: "Don't act like she's dead. It's just a fit, alright?"
Fiona: "Sure. Let's get back to my place."
Fiona tipped back one of the Re:D Elephants she'd picked up at some point and headed for the gate out of the facility.
Fiona: "...Finished?"
Senri: "Now that she's feeling better, she doesn't want to stay still. I impressed upon her the importance of getting rest and shoved her into bed."
Fiona: "How forceful."
Senri: "I don't want her collapsing on me again. And I know you won't help."
Fiona's eyes were sharp as she fiddled with her terminal, half-listening to me. There are many professionals who can't discard their battle readiness even in safe places like this.
Fiona: "I can't contact Sensei... That'd be Kohiruimaki's work..."
Senri: "That's for the best, isn't it? If you reported to them that you were alive, you'd be punished in some way, wouldn't you, kiddo?"
Senri: "And now we know Kohiruimaki's a little more skilled than we thought. It may be possible for her to convince Inui."
Fiona silently moved into my blind spot and pressed her fingers to my throat.
Fiona: "My name's not {kiddo}, it's {Fiona}. Don't make me repeat myself."
Fiona: "There's a way for me to regain my standing in the organization right here, at any time I want."
Her nails dug into my skin and slid over it as if to slice it open.
She's not joking and she's not serious; she's just reaffirming the situation.
It's possible for trust to exist temporarily on top of suspicion.
Our cooperation won't last forever.
Senri: "Your chest is touching me."
Fiona: "Why don't you let your guard down, then?"
Senri: "If I jump for joy, will you be satisfied?"
Noah: "Senri, Senri."
Senri: "Noah, I believe I told you to stay in bed."
The door cracked open and Noah stuck her head out, sleepily rubbing her eyes.
Noah: "You weren't there when I opened my eyes, so I was wondering what was going on."
Senri: "Nothing's going on. Get some rest."
Noah: "Oh, Fiona, good night."
Senri: "Come on, let's go."
Fiona: "........."
Fiona: "...You call her by her name, but not me. What's with this preferential treatment?"
Fiona: "I'm objectively superior to her in every way. Together, you and I could overcome anything."
Fiona: "Where is the worth you see in that burden of a woman...?"
Senri: "—Something bothering you about Noah?"
Fiona: "That was fast. I was just thinking about where to go from here."
Senri: "It'd be quickest to monitor Inui, but getting close to an important figure is difficult if you don't have some sort of connection to them."
Fiona: "Some sleazebags might take advantage of my death to try something."
Senri: "Well, you didn't fake a body, so all they need to do to confirm you're alive is search that room in the facility. You'll only be able to be dead for two or three days."
Fiona: "...I have a mission I was planning on getting to as soon as I finished with your experiment."
Senri: "What's that?"
Fiona: "To restore my honor after what happened with Next... I was going to search for OutCasts, since they've gotten so scarce lately."
Senri: "Now that you're gone, somebody might try to steal your turf."
Fiona: "If someone does, I hope it's Kohiruimaki. I'll get her to spill how she found out about me, then I'll have to pay her back for the research lab."
Senri: "Are you alright with that, though? It won't be very rewarding work. Even if you find some of the survivors of Next, I can't imagine you'll catch anything particularly worthwhile."
Fiona: "'Lost Property.'"
Senri: "'Lost Property'? Whose?"
Fiona: "I don't know. Sensei just called it that."
Fiona: "The only other person who knew was that founder's aide at Next."
{Was}—that man abandoned his founder, Noah, and ran away with his own life, promptly discarding it in a car accident.
Senri: "Looks like I really messed up your plans by being there."
Fiona's screwup at Next is affecting the organization more than I thought it was.
Inui left this mission to Fiona because it was important.
That's how much he values her skills.
Fiona: "I wouldn't be surprised if there were at least one member of Next who knew what this Item was."
Senri: "I see. If we track down this 'Lost Property,' we may find Inui's true motives as well. It's also enough of an accomplishment to get you back into the organization."
So we'll be doing some OutCast-hunting next.
Senri: "Do you know which members of the organization are aware of how the Neocrystallizations are used or what this 'Lost Property' is?"
Fiona: "There's just one who could. And I think you know who I mean."
—Ruu.
She's still lurking out there somewhere, the monster who manipulated that unmanned combat helicopter like it was a toy.
Pure, unfathomable evil—that's the impression that girl gives off.
Senri: "In any case, we're done for the day. It won't be funny if we're all out of energy when we really need to use it."
Fiona: "Agreed. Why don't you take a shower before that corpse stench gets all over the place?"
Senri: "Why don't I. And you should too, kiddo."
Fiona: "......That again... What the hell..."
I stripped and picked up my terminal when I was sure the bathroom was full of the sounds of the shower.
Senri: "Sorry, Fiona."
I thought back to the facility where Fiona wanted to do her experiment on me.
Senri: "I'll work with you, but I've no interest in your revenge."
I imagine that facility will be shutting down after the damage Kohiruimaki's explosives did to it.
And if that happens, all the evidence of the experiments will be destroyed too.
Senri: "I have my own goals I'm pursuing."
I checked my recordings and muttered to myself.
Senri: "I'm not gonna lose this lead on the conspiracy."
Satisfied that my recordings made the purpose of the facility clear enough, I shared the data with Kamidate.
Letting the world know about what those in power are up to is a gossip writer's specialty, after all.
====================F007.TXT====================
Senri: "—Can't believe you'd come to cut my throat in my sleep the very day we form an alliance. I'm starting to gain an interest in how your mind works."
Fiona: "I'd be a little sneakier if I were coming in here to kill you. This is something else."
Fiona strolled right into my room that night and walked up to me with not a shred of timidity.
Fiona: "Oh, please don't get up. Just keep relaxing. This'll be easier that way."
I didn't sense bloodlust or hostility from her quick response. I don't intend to completely let down my guard around her, of course, but I decided to stay in bed like she'd suggested.
Senri: "It's the middle of the night... and you know how important a good night's sleep is. If you're disturbing my rest for no reason, I think I'm going to have to complain."
I still had no idea what her intentions were as she approached my bedside. I allowed her to get close enough to attack my eyes, crotch, or throat unarmed.
Senri: "Those clothes... You planning on reforming and serving the Lord again, kiddo?"
Fiona: "Will you quit treating me like I'm some little girl? I have a perfectly usable name that Inui-sensei gave to me: it's Fiona."
She's awfully insistent on that point. It's clear how much she blindly idolizes her "sensei," but she doesn't seem the type to take such offense at what other people think of her.
Fiona: "You call her 'Noah,' yet you insist on this 'kiddo' thing with me. Even though I'm objectively better than her in every way."
Senri: "Really? You're disturbing my sleep for something so trivial? I hope you're prepared for the consequences."
Fiona: "I'm beyond disappointed; it almost makes me want to kill you. You clearly don't understand my capabilities. This is a problem if we're going to be working together."
Senri: "......"
Well, I'm not really sure what to say to that. Our exchange at the experiment site should have been enough to establish a temporary trust between us.
Senri: "I know I said we should work together, but I'm not sure that means we need to trust each other so deeply."
I guess she didn't like that answer—Fiona narrowed her eyes, annoyance plain on her face.
Fiona: "I came here to thank you for the test site, but I've changed my mind. I'm going to humiliate you."
Fiona slipped into bed with me, making a show of her flexibility, and gave me a lascivious smile with a devilish glint in her eyes.
Fiona: "You call me 'kiddo' because you find I'm lacking in feminine charms. Am I right?"
Senri: "What are you up to?"
Fiona: "Like you don't know. Let me take off that mask for you. I can play any part a situation calls for."
Fiona: "If I play the me from last year, who so perfectly fit in, will you be able to keep that sour look on your face...?"
Fiona: "...Let's find out, Senri-san!"
Senri: "Wha—"
I went wide-eyed as she changed so perfectly it almost made me question whether she had two personalities. Her ice-cold eyes instantly transformed into the pure eyes of that sister.
Fiona: "Just leave this to me, okay?"
She'd taken me completely by surprise. I'd been sitting up in bed with my knees bent so that I'd be able to leap up at any moment, but she got on top of me, in between my thighs.
Fiona: "Let's see here!"
In contrast with her high-pitched, girlish voice, the heel of her hand struck my chin with frightening precision. I felt my brain shake and my vision swim.
Fiona: "Don't be scared now, just stay still. You don't need to worry, this won't hurt..."
Senri: "You've really... got some nerve..."
Fiona: "Oh, did that not work? You've trained your neck too, haven't you? Well, don't be angry, please. You wouldn't let me do this if I hadn't done that, would you?"
I thought about striking back at her, but she didn't seem to intend to attack again, so I held off.
When the dizziness wore off, I noticed that the rustling of clothing I'd been hearing had suddenly stopped.
Fiona: "......There. Good timing, Senri-san... I just finished!"
The first thing I felt when my skewed senses returned to me was the cold.
Senri: "Think you could explain what you're doing so that I can understand?"
Fiona: "Wh-What, you want me to say it? It's exactly how it looks...!"
If the view before me was supposed to represent the situation, then... I would have to say it looked like Fiona was servicing me with her exceedingly voluptuous bosom.
In that short time, not only had she stripped me, she'd also slipped my penis snugly between her breasts.
Senri: "What are you after? Tell me or I'll—"
Fiona: "Ugh... Y-You wouldn't hit me, would you...?"
I refocused on her and found her shoulders drooping dejectedly. It was so far a sight from the Fiona I was used to that it threw me off and I lost the will to complain anymore.
Fiona: "...I just... mmh... want to, mm, mmph... give your little guy some energy, Senri-san..."
Senri: "That's not what I'm...!"
The words stuck in my throat when I felt a pleasant tingling. She was holding her breasts with both hands, pushing their soft flesh into my un-battle-ready penis.
Fiona: "Mh, mmmh, it just won't get any bigger... I'm sorry, it's all because I'm not good at this..."
Senri: "Hey..."
Fiona: "Nh, mmh, I'll get you, nice and ready, so just, wait a second, okay...♪"
I could smell the faint scent of something sweet like creme brulee on her glistening skin. Guess Fiona came with her womanly weapons expertly sharpened using lots of her favorite soap.
I felt my attention being pulled to my erogenous zones as a reproductive instinct buried deep in my genes flooded into my groin.
Fiona: "Mmh... mmmmh—ah! It's starting to get hot... Look at it pushing up through my boobs..."
Fiona: "See? Aah... it's grown so robust. I'm so happy... You got in the mood because of my boobs, right...?"
My shaft was stuck between her breasts, having become so stiff that it hurt.
More than embarrassment, I was mostly disturbed that a woman who could stab someone without hesitation was holding onto such a tender part of me.
Fiona: "Heheh, I'm relieved. I really managed to get you aroused, Senri-san."
Fiona: "Phew... I'm glad... Thank goodness..."
Anyone would probably be moved by the sight of her trying so hard. And if it were for real, I wouldn't want to be cruel to her, of course.
Fiona: "Heh... Really, thank goodness."
Fiona: "I thought for sure you were either gay or dysfunctional, but you can react innocently like this too, huh."
Senri: "This coming from the one who forced the response from me."
This is how she really is. This woman is enjoying watching my reactions much more than the act itself.
Fiona: "Don't try to act tough now, okay? You're throbbing in my cleavage like this; I won't let you tell me you're not in the mood."
Fiona: "This is the perfect chance for me to take good care of you. I don't want you spending all the time we're working together focused on my chest or my butt, you know."
Moving those impressively plump breasts was hard work. Her chest became moistened with sweat, creating the perfect environment for my penis.
Fiona: "Come on, don't move around too much, alright? We're touching each other with sensitive places, you know."
Fwp... fwp, shlp...
Fiona: "Mm...ph... mmh... I have this huge thing all between my boobs... mm, heheh, I think I'm starting to figure out how to move."
Senri: "Gh... gh... How long are you planning on keeping this up, Fiona..."
Fiona: "That's right, I'm Fiona. Heheh, I'm glad you finally called me by my name. My boobs are doing you some good, aren't they, Senri-san?"
Gwp, fwp, squeeze, squeeeeze.
Fiona: "Mmm, mh, I'll do my best to please you, Senri-san, so if I do a good job, I hope you'll thank me."
Fiona: "Mh, nh, nnh, how does that feel...? Do you like it when I play with your dick...?"
It feels like she's moving my whole body. The soft elasticity I could feel from every direction was proof that she knew exactly how to use her womanly weapons.
If she had a bit smaller of a bust, I might have gotten out of this without letting a sigh of ecstasy slip from my mouth.
Fiona: "I can't tell if you keep quiet like that. Mm, mmh, come on, your dick, Senri-san... your dick's trembling, that means you're feeling good, right?"
Her blatantly salacious behavior was only contributing to my arousal.
I couldn't really ignore her in the positions we were in, and her breasts were pressed against me, continuing to stimulate me regardless of what I did.
Fiona: "Please tell me I'm doing a good job, then. I really want to hear that from the person I love..."
Senri: "Whoa there... I can't believe you can say that stuff without batting an eye..."
The lie almost made me break out into a cold sweat.
But with her looking so boldly into my eyes with her own practically sparkling, even the lines between lies and truth started to seem fuzzy.
Fiona: "I love you dearly. I'll do anything you desire, Senri-san..."
After all, it's true for the "sister" she's playing. Fully immersed in her role, Fiona rained loving kisses on my glans where it stuck out of her cleavage.
Fiona: "Mmch. Senri-san... your little guy smells so dirty... it's making my chest feel all tight."
She was a true pro among pros. It was because she played her role so thoroughly that she could monitor the entertainment district as the poster sister of the church without anyone suspecting her.
Fiona: "This is all your fault, Senri-san... It's because your cock is so dirty... that it's even making me feel dirty too..."
She was pushing me harder through her breasts, and my arousal was gradually rising.
Senri: "You're awfully good at this... can't be your first time. D'you sell your body for your mission?"
Fiona: "Sorry to disappoint you, but this is the first time I've given myself to anyone. I've never been in so much trouble that I needed to resort to using my body, and I've never been captured and despoiled either."
Fiona: "I can tell from your breathing, the sound of your heart, and how your eyes are moving. Looks like there are some similarities between your state of mind during sex and when you're cornered on the battlefield."
Fiona spoke coldly, her eyes suddenly like those of a frozen squid. It brings to mind the possibility of multiple personalities again, but I know that this woman switches these gears purposely.
Fiona: "Some say that if you're clumsy on your first try, it's okay, because your mistakes will be forgiven. In my opinion, that's going far too easy on people."
Fiona: "There are no second chances in life. We wouldn't have lived this long if we couldn't master things on our first try."
Senri: "There's truth to that."
Fiona: "Whiiich iiis whyyy you should stop thinking about anything and just let yourself enjoy this moment, Senri-san."
Fiona: "Mmfh... haahh, mmh... mhah, it's getting even bigger... I think it'll reach my mouth soon... hammh... mhah..."
She was exerting the perfect amount of pressure on me.
She gave me a devoted smile, the sort any man would strive to defend.
It was all part of her act, a dangerous aphrodisiac to lead me to orgasm.
Fiona: "Ahn... You can't just touch me all of a sudden... I'm so embarrassed..."
I casually reached out to Fiona's shoulder. I brought my hand from her shoulder to her back, from her waist to her leg, stroking her, and Fiona's cheeks turned red with joyful embarrassment.
Fiona: "As long as you're gentle, I don't mind. I would let my beloved Senri-san do anything to me..."
Her flesh was exquisitely arousing, a perfect balance of supple musculature.
Fiona's not the sort of woman who'd maintain her looks for vanity. She has the strength to crush my windpipe in between her thighs. The utility of her muscle is Fiona's true beauty.
Senri: "Yet it's not quite enough."
Fiona: "Huh?"
Senri: "There's not enough lubrication for me to reach orgasm. But I'll play along with your little act, {kiddo}. Get to it."
I thought she'd get annoyed when I acted arrogant, but instead her eyes only looked more enchanted, a smile forming on her face as if fulfilling my demands would be her ultimate happiness.
Fiona: "Mmfhaaay... mmmch#... mgh. Please forgive my bad manners. This should make everything slide a bit better..."
Drip, drip, drip. She shamelessly drizzled drool on my glans, wetting it.
Fiona: "Ah, ahh, this is it... This is amazing, it's completely different than it was before. It's all wet and it feels good for me too..."
Squish. She took my manhood in between her ample mounds and moved so that the drool covered all of it, squelch, squelch, squish, squish...
Fiona: "Ahh, Senri-san, your cock is twitching, mmh, like it's begging me, do more, do more...!"
My pleasure soared as her exquisite breasts surrounded me, moving against me with the perfect amount of moisture.
Fiona: "Mmh, nhaahh, haahh... I've lost track of how long it's been now..."
This wasn't the sticky sensation of being between her breasts I was feeling earlier, but a more penetrative pleasure, like I was really inside of her.
Fiona: "Senri-saaan... I can't take this anymore..."
Senri: "......"
She looked up at me with moist, expectant eyes, like she was begging for a kiss. She pressed her breasts to me so strongly she might have left marks with her hands and my cock surfaced from between them.
Fiona: "Can I just eat him up...? This poor little dripping cock... can I comfort it with my mouth...?"
Fiona: "I always have candy in my mouth, you know, so I bet I'll be good at it. I'll roll it around on my tongue and make it feel really good, so please let me suck on it!"
Would you... Normally, would you go this far?
No. No, Fiona is just purely devoted to her goals.
Kousaki Fiona Annabel... is capable of all this.
I can't find it in me to interfere with Fiona's sublimely thorough act.
Senri: "With this mouth?"
I thrust three fingers together toward her supple lips and she took them into her mouth without a moment's hesitation.
Fiona: "Mm, mm. Mmh, mm. Mhaahh... yes, I want to eat you up with this mouth, Senri-san."
Senri: "Do what you want."
Fiona: "Oh, thank you. Aaaamh#...♪ Mm, mmh, mmh!"
Brushing back her hair, Fiona took my disgusting, filthy manhood right into her mouth.
There was no barrier between us like a condom or anything, so I entered straight past her lips to touch her mouth directly.
Fiona: "Mmch, mm... Mh, mmmh, haahh, mm, mmh..."
She sucked my glans into her mouth and pulled on it, surrounded by plenty of saliva.
Fiona: "Mmh, mmh... mmmh, mmh, haahh, mmmmh."
Senri: "Gh... gh..."
I thought my knees might give out at the pleasure, much stronger than I'd imagined it would be. I've never felt stimulation like this. It was like everything I was feeling was concentrated in my glans, leaving me unable to move.
Fiona: "Mmh, mm# mm, mm, mmmm, haahh—aahh... delicious... When I roll it around on my tongue, more and more juice comes spilling out of it..."
She was still moving me up and down in between her breasts, and now she was diligently servicing me with her tongue as well. I felt a sweet numbness filling me from my balls.
Fiona: "I'll have to make sure, mm, mh... it comes out on my tongue so I don't spill any... mmgh...#♪ I could get addicted to this..."
Fiona: "Mh, I'll give it a really good suck, okay...♪ Mmch♪ Mmch♪ Mmch♪"
A lewd bulge in her cheek, Fiona rained passionate kisses on me as if I were someone dear to her.
Fiona: "Aamh... mmmgh, amh, ahh... nn... mmph, mmph, mheheh... so good...♪"
She brought me into her mouth again and licked at my sensitive skin as if drawing a spiral with her tongue.
Fiona: "Mmch, if I do this, your cock will get used to my tongue... mmh, mmh#, mmn...♪"
Senri: "You're forgetting to move your breasts now."
Fiona: "I knooow... mh, mh, mmn, mmh, mh, mh... haahh, it's getting bigger again..."
Fiona: "Aaahh#... Your cock is so wonderful... mm, mm, mmm#, mmmmh#♪ I love it... mmh, mmh, mmch, mmh♪"
Senri: "...I think you got me, kiddo."
Her service grew so fervent it almost completely stole away my ability to think. It would probably be better to just get this over with than to fight it.
Fiona: "Mmh...? Senri-san... Are you about to cum? Can I make you orgasm...?"
Senri: "...Yeah."
Fiona: "I'll keep going, so when you want to cum, just go ahead, alright... Amh."
Fiona: "Mmh... mm#♪ Mmh, mmh..."
Though I told her my orgasm was close, she didn't speed up her service, instead continuing to slowly toy with me.
Fiona: "Mmh, nnh, aahm, mmh, mmh, mmh..."
I was trembling harder. A sign that the explosion was coming. Perhaps sensing it through the air, Fiona's movements became a lot more regular.
That incredibly regular movement was a true sign of her indication that I could cum whenever I wanted. It was proof that she was using her mouth and breasts as tools to squeeze the semen out of me.
Fiona: "Mmh, mm, mmh, mmh, mm, mm, mm, mmh!"
Fiona: "Mmh, mm, mm, mmh, mm, mm, mmmh!"
Senri: "...!"
Fiona: "Mm, mm, mmmm... mmmmmh#!"
Spluuurt! Spurt!! Spluuuurt!!
Fiona: "Nnh?! Nhaahn♪ There's so much of it... Haah#..."
I pulled out at the last moment. A torrent of lust dyed Fiona's expression of ecstasy in white.
Fiona: "Nh, it's, aaanh! On my face, ngh, it's still going, just let it all out, please...!"
Senri: "—Fiona...!!"
My member convulsed, spewing out more and more semen as the pleasure ran through me.
Fiona: "Mh, mmh, I'll keep moving my boobs and sucking on it until it's done, mmh, mmh#...♪ I want my beloved Senri-san to be happy..."
Her breasts held my cock in place and stimulated it in its sensitive post-ejaculation state.
Fiona: "Mmh... mmh... mmh... You must have been really pent-up..."
Spurt... spurt...... spurt......
The pleasure began to fade as the throbbing slowed.
Fiona squeezed out the semen remaining in my shaft and gave a little smile of satisfaction after finishing her work.
Fiona: "For how uninterested you seemed, that sure was a whole lot of it, and it was really thick... heheh, heh, hehahaha."
Fiona: "See? I said I would humiliate you, didn't I? Mmch—are you satisfied?"
The blink reflex—If something flies out in front of your face, normally you'll close your eyes, but Fiona still stared at me with sharp eyes even as my semen rained down on her.
Fiona: "Spewing all that semen out and going wild with lust... your body sure is honest. It means in the end, there was a desire to sleep with me inside of you."
Fiona: "Quit trying to play it cool and calling me 'kiddo.' The name's Kousaki Fiona Annabel. Got it?"
Senri: "...Haahh...... haahh..."
Fiona: "Look at you, you're exhausted, but look so satisfied. Was it that good? If you haven't had enough, I can take care of you again."
She looked at me with a smile that said she felt secure in her superiority to me.
Fiona: "Heheh, if there's something you want to say to me, say it. Anything you say now will just be sour grapes, though."
Senri: "That sister getup... It's perfect for you, {kiddo}."
Fiona: "...Huh?"
Senri: "I think it's a bit of a waste to just use it in the bedroom, though."
Fiona: "Tch...... Enough. We've got an early day tomorrow, so you'd better be rested."
Fiona: "This is obvious, but anything I said about love was a lie to make you happy, so don't take it seriously, alright? I don't need anything that's not necessary for my mission, after all."
I watched her leave the room in a bored manner and then relaxed onto the bed, sighing.
Senri: "......It's not as if I have zero interest in the opposite sex."
Senri: "I'm just unfamiliar with such things, as I haven't lived a life that's given me such opportunities... just like you, Fiona."
I hadn't felt a pleasant weariness like this in a while, and when I closed my eyes, sleep quickly overtook me. It promised to be a deep sleep this time.
====================F008.TXT====================
Yumi's feet were firmly on the ground, but her heart was soaring.
It was more like she was walking on air.
She'd won. It was a grand victory. Kohiruimaki Yumi's grand victory.
She was so ecstatic she wanted to shout about it.
The look of despair Fiona had showed her after falling for her trap passed through her mind.
That face, which was burned into her retina, told her everything.
It was only natural, since she'd been so prepared. Fiona's seat was now hers.
What a stupid woman. More stupid than anyone else in the world. She'd come in handy only for her death.
Yumi's expression remained stony, but her heart was flying sky-high.
She wasn't feeling joy at having killed Fiona after being treated like an idiot by her.
Rather, the defeat on Fiona's face, and the fact that she'd never be able to beg forgiveness—those seemed to be a blessing to Yumi after she'd finally won her desired place in the hierarchy.
Hood/Ruu: "........."
Yumi: "........."
Without making any remark about how long it had been waiting, the Hood removed its disguise. Yumi already knew Ruu would be under it.
Ruu: "What's all this about? D'you know what time it is? Good little boys and girls need to go to bed for Santa to come, you know?"
Sensing Ruu's displeasure for being called out at this time, Yumi thought maybe she should have called her to a late-night bar instead.
Ruu: "Oh, you don't need to wine and dine me. Don't worry about it."
Yumi: "...Huh?"
Ruu: "And Ruu's actually rather fond of this. Phew... the scent of a dirty back alley..."
Ruu drank in the scent of it like it was a fine wine.
Ruu: "Don't you love all the evil in the air in a place like this, where people go to avoid the eyes of others? Ooh, it feels like it's just trying to eat up prim and proper little Ruu."
Ruu: "It's not bad being in the spotlight every so often either, but you know, the dirty air here just suits us better."
Yumi had no time to be disturbed by the sight of Ruu embracing herself and trembling.
She took a deliberate breath so that she wasn't completely caught up in the latter's pace.
To Yumi, Ruu was someone in a very mysterious position. There were a lot of things about her that were inscrutable.
She was important enough to be in contact with Inui, yet she played a role like a messenger in the organization, and she liked to go out and do dirty work herself.
If Inui's "hands" were the now-deceased Fiona, then Ruu may have acted as his "eyes."
Yumi: "I just called you here because I felt I should report this directly. I don't believe this organization has off hours, exactly."
Ruu: "Well, I read the text you sent me, but is there anything more than that?"
Yumi had sent Ruu a report on the events at the research facility, if altered to suit her purposes.
Yumi: "Fiona was acting suspicious after her failure at Next. I was right to keep an eye on her."
Ruu: "A bi stalker is kinda creepy, you know... And you killed her in the end because she wouldn't become yours? Yup, that's pretty creepy..."
Yumi: "I have no inclinations of that manner."
Ruu: "Come to think of it, who was that OutCast Fiona brought in to the facility?"
Ruu: "After that disappointing show at Next, she disappeared without telling me anything, so I have to rely on your word to find out."
The name came quickly from Yumi's lips as she recalled the conversation they'd had before the explosion.
Yumi: "She called him 'Senri.'"
Ruu: "Senri...?"
The man she'd seen at the facility, Senri, certainly had a look to him like he'd been living in the underground.
His sharp expression. His thick fists. His bearing indicated some amount of skill—but he'd been powerless before her scheme, Yumi gloated.
Yumi: "Yes, it was Senri. But in any case, I took care of the both of them before they could do any harm to the organization, so don't worry."
Ruu: "You took care of them? Is that what you said? Did you really?"
Yumi: "...It's exactly as I reported to you."
Ruu: "{You} took {that monster} down..."
Ruu: "Ahahaha, no way no way no way no way, nooOoo waaAAaaay#!!"
Her voice was so loud it might reach the main streets, and Yumi wondered for a moment if she'd lost her mind.
Ruu: "That's rich...!"
Ruu held her stomach. Yumi felt a prick of annoyance, thinking she was being mocked.
She decided to spit out the seed of anger before it could take root.
Yumi: "...Enough with overestimating a lousy traitor. I'm far more skilled than she is."
Ruu: "I wasn't talking about {her}... not that you could handle her either."
Incompetent. This Ruu girl is another incompetent who's only come this far on luck.
Getting angry at incompetent people is something only other incompetents do, Yumi decided, and moved to get to the point of this meeting.
Ruu: "—You don't need to be in such a hurry. We're already connected to Minister Inui."
Yumi: "Huh? I haven't said anything..."
Ruu: "I know, I know. You called me out here to get in touch with him, right? He's already heard everything we've said so far, so just continue."
Yumi timidly reached out to the terminal she was offered.
It was already on a call, and Inui's face was displayed on the screen.
Feeling almost like Ruu was some reptilian carnivore and Yumi was her prey, she faced the terminal, determined not to let her agitation show.
Yumi: "How convenient that I can omit another explanation of the situation. Minister, I will take the place of this traitor myself."
Inui: "......"
Yumi: "I'd say early detection of a pawn you can't use is a blessing in disguise, wouldn't you? Better it happen now than after it causes some irreversible damage."
Inui: "The very premise of your story is impossible."
Inui: "I have not given that pawn the order to die."
After all her persuasive arguments were rendered useless with that curt response, Yumi was speechless.
Yumi: "...Wh-What does that mean?"
Inui: "It's my greatest work. It's faithfully carried out every one of its orders until now without asking a thing about the meaning behind them."
Inui: "Do you understand? There's no way it could go and get itself killed like that. After all—I haven't permitted it to die."
At a loss for how to reply, Yumi desperately considered his words.
Permitted it? Like that's possible, what a stupid thing to say, is it a joke? Am I supposed to laugh? Is he serious? If he's serious, there's something wrong with his head—
Yumi: "B-But I saw it with my own eyes. That room is still covered in rubble now. No one could possibly survive that."
Inui: "Then why are you empty-handed? Dig it up and bring me back a head. Of course, you won't find a body."
Ruu: "Aw, no A for Effort if you can't even fake a corpse."
Ruu: "All you had to do was kill some unlucky schmuck, mess her face up and go, 'sorry! She got a little squished!'"
Yumi was so disturbed, she didn't even hear what Ruu was muttering.
Yumi: "There's no way she could have survived... I eliminated a traitor! I expect a fair reward for this achievement."
Inui: "You've got it all wrong, Kohiruimaki-kun. You've done something entirely unnecessary. This would have all fixed itself if it had been left to its ability to assess the situation."
Inui: "Because of your involvement, it cannot now return to the organization. And now I have to intervene."
Yumi: "I-I'm telling you, she's feeding worms under that pile of rubble. I understand wanting to believe in your adopted daughter, but I'd like for you to make a decision befitting your position."
Inui: "My daughter... I see. You've even come across some information you didn't need to know."
He knew. Sensing that from his tone, Yumi felt like a knife had been plunged into her heart. Now that she'd been too persistent and given herself away, it was possible she'd be erased for it.
Inui: "Burying her alive in a small room with explosives... Everything up to and including the method is {unnecessary}. Suppose I should have considered that it might even affect her mental state."
Yumi: "L-Like I said—Huh? Minister Inui? Minister?"
Inui cut off the call and any further words from her.
Ruu: "That's mine! Give it back."
The terminal snatched out of her hands, Yumi was terrified. She was terrified at the thought of the punishment she would receive... but her fear soon turned to anger.
—That it was all Inui's fault in the first place for not giving her missions that suited her abilities.
Ruu: "Pawns that use their own judgment to move are hard to use, you know. And risky pieces get eliminated. I doubt you've got another chance."
Yumi: "Another... I did this for the organization!"
Ruu: "Well, you know. It's, you know. You know, that, it's that."
Ruu: "Don't sweat it!"
Ruu spit out the words on the tip of her tongue and slapped Yumi on the shoulder with a satisfied smile.
It hurt Yumi's pride to be treated like a junior by a girl shorter and younger than her. She felt the heat in her skull reaching its boiling point.
Ruu: "You don't need to try so hard. Just wait for your own orders. There's plenty we'd like to leave to you just because of your position in BURST."
Ruu: "We'd really like you not to stir up shit for no reason, okay? Buh-bye!"
Left alone in the quiet, a dry smile came to Yumi's lips.
Yumi: "Just because... I'm in BURST?"
Just because.
Just because, meaning? What did that mean, again?
Just because of her position—she was recruited for that?
She laughed.
She had to laugh.
Don't make me laugh!!
Yumi: "You scouted me because of my own superior abilities, didn't you?!"
Yumi: "I'm practically a national treasure! Any organization that can't use my talent to its fullest is evil beyond redemption!"
She wasn't exaggerating. That was how Yumi felt from the bottom of her heart.
A prodigy who'd graduated the Academy at the top of her class—but just where was the brilliant future she'd been promised?
Yumi: "Alright, Ruu... I'll kill you one day too. I just can't bear the thought of anyone who can't understand my worth being allowed to remain alive."
With nowhere to go, her emotions turned to madness. Her rebellious thoughts toward superiors who couldn't utilize her potential had already gone out of control.
====================F009.TXT====================
When I put my finger on the pull tab of a can of Re:D Elephant to finish up my lunch, the table shook.
Noah: "That Fiona's got no manners."
I opened up the plain tupperware container that she'd dropped onto the table.
Inside were strawberries with their stems removed, neatly lined up. They floated in a liquid that I could tell was honey with one sniff.
Noah: "Yes, soul food!"
Fiona: "These are better for recovering from fatigue."
Senri: "...True."
Honey has antimicrobial properties, and as the body absorbs glucose more easily than other kinds of sugar, some should be consumed if you're going to be moving around.
It's less about recovering from fatigue and more about its utility as a health food in general, and it doesn't have any artificial sweeteners to deceive the tongue.
Fiona: "This is precious honey made only from the nectar of manuka flowers. It's top quality stuff that's good for your skin too."
Senri: "You've got to start from the food to maintain a perfect body. So it wasn't just your sweet tooth."
I don't think this was here when she brought us to this place, though. She'd said something about only cooking to create her persona last year, but she must have put this together last night.
Fiona: "What? If you don't want any, I'll put them away."
Noah: "Fiona, Fiona. Are these surpirior? Surpirior to the strawberry ice?"
Fiona: "Try some and you'll see."
Noah's eyes were sparkling. If left alone, she might even stick her whole face into the tupperware.
I put some in a cup and poured some water into it. They could be eaten plain, but the sweetness would probably be too much without water or soda.
Senri: "They'll go down easier like this. Drink up. You don't want to collapse again, do you?"
Noah: "Positutely! Mgh, ngh, ngh... haaahh!"
Senri: "What is it?"
Noah: "It's the Spring is Here Super Festival! So super that it's three times more super than that!"
Fiona: "What is wrong with her?"
Noah: "I c'n take it, cap'n. I've stored up so much that I'm three times faster now."
Senri: "She probably got it from those magazines she tore through at the love hotel. It's just a waste of time wondering about what she means."
As we watched Noah enjoy the advent of spring, her cheeks faintly flushed, Fiona and I decided to have some too. I decided diluting them again would be too much work, so I just ate them as-is.
Senri: "Mm..."
A frighteningly relentless sweetness spread through my mouth. This might burn my throat.
Fiona: "Nmm... nmm..."
Silently. Solemnly. We brought the strawberries to our mouths robotically. Like we were swallowing pills. We apathetically moved our hands, then our lips, then our chins, then our throats, and dissolved them in our mouths.
Noah: "Senri. Fiona. Same."
Fiona: "What now?"
Noah: "You're moving the same. Like you're not having fun at all, munch munch, chomp chomp."
Senri: "I'm not fond enough of sweets to want to savor them. I'm just chewing enough to make them easily digestible before I swallow them."
Fiona: "Agreed. What's most important is your efficiency. That's the same for all kinds of food."
Noah: "What you say is absitively same too. A lack of individuality is nothin' to fear."
She looks impressed, but this is probably pretty typical for people who live like they're running through life.
Senri: "Normally it's round slices of lemons you see most in honey, but you use strawberries, Fiona?"
Noah: "Are you okay, Senri? It's 'cause strawberries are good, duh."
Senri: "I thought she said she didn't have a preference."
Noah: "No, no. 'Cause {Noah} thinks strawberries are good."
Fiona: "...Huh...?"
When she realized what Noah was stressing, Fiona's mouth hung open for a second, the only part of her emotionless face that expressed surprise.
After a pause that seemed sufficient to compare her own actions to our conversation... she narrowed her eyes as if she had something she wanted to say.
Fiona: "......"
Why had she used strawberries?
Any answer should suffice to answer that question.
In a casual conversation like this, "I was just in that mood" would be a fine way to end the discussion.
Fiona: "...If we're done eating, let's go."
Fiona snatched up the tupperware and returned it to the fridge without even bothering to put the lid on again. She never answered the question in the end.
Noah: "To whence we be headed?"
Fiona: "Where Senri and I used to live."
Senri: "They're still as desperate to arrest OutCasts as they were a year ago."
Fiona: "There's been stricter regulation after all the arrests, but it's likely OutCasts are still hiding out here when you consider their homing instincts."
Noah: "Fiona, what are homing instincts?"
There's still a greater number of OutCasts who are unaccounted for than the number that could reasonably belong to Next.
If there's somebody sheltering a large number of them, that would explain things.
...?
Noah: "Noah's homing instincts will bring her back to Senri. Even if she were on the other side of the world."
Senri: "Get off me, Noah. Even a hug from a member of the opposite sex has implications."
Noah: "Squeeze."
Fiona: "Investigating the entertainment district... I'm not sure how relevant this is to my goals, but..."
Fiona continued the conversation as if it were no concern to her, but when I sent her a look seeking help, she approached Noah—and dropped something down around her collarbone.
Noah: "Wahee!"
It was ice. Ice the size of a pebble that she'd created with her fingertip melted and slid down Noah's collarbone—
Noah: "Wah! Wah! Wah!"
—and stopped between Noah's incredibly well-developed breasts.
Senri: "Well, it's not so far off that we could call it just killing time."
Noah: "Senri, Senri. It made a cold trail. Take it out. Here, look here, it's here."
I ignored Noah as she pointed at her cleavage and whined. A little ice won't kill her.
Senri: "As we chase bizarre occurences, we'll naturally get closer to the truth. Just as how I've met everyone I'm tied to now through my actions."
Noah: "Here, it's melting here, it's wet, it's absitively soaked!"
Noah: "Wah! Wah! Wahee!"
The ice stuck in Noah's cleavage slipped down into her dress. It must have made it through the gap between her chest and her clothes after melting a little from her body heat.
Fiona: "True. Who knows where we could find useful information."
Noah: "Fiona, Fiona. My tummy. My tummy's gone all cold!"
Guess she doesn't consider getting it out herself to be an option. Noah ran up to Fiona, the offender herself, to seek her help—
Noah: "Ah! Ah! Ahh! It's icky! It feels icky!"
The ice slid down further the more she moved and she shivered. Where did it disappear to now?
Noah: "Now it's under my tummy. Can't get it from the top anymore. From below. Now you've gotta get it from below."
Noah had grabbed Fiona's arm and was trying to pull it toward her skirt.
Noah: "Be gentle. Promise Noah. Gentle."
Fiona ignored her as if that were the natural thing to do and looked at me to continue the conversation.
Senri: "Don't worry, I've got some ideas. Something interesting will happen in the next two or three days. No, we'll make it happen."
Fiona: "Can I get my hopes up?"
Noah: "Ah......... It's gone..."
Senri: "Sometimes, that happens."
The ice had slipped down her cleavage into her dress, slid down to her abdomen, and melted from Noah's body heat.
The proof of that was the fluid dripping down her thighs, but when I thought more deeply on that subject, I couldn't say it'd left an impression on me.
Noah: "Senri..."
Senri: "...What?"
Noah: "Wipe it off. It's all wet and feels weird."
Fiona: "She has a request for you. You like that sort of thing, don't you?"
Senri: "What's that supposed to mean?"
Noah: "Be gentle..."
I eyed her skirt, and her thighs, whiter than snow...and sighed as I got out my handkerchief.
This could be said of Fiona as well, but healthy legs are definitely attractive.
Fiona: "Keep that around since you're a gentleman?"
Senri: "It's for a makeshift bandage. Noah, hold your skirt down."
Maybe it's just because I've got two women around me, but I seem to be drawing the short straw lately.
Senri: "If we're looking for something in the entertainment district, it'd be easier to talk to Ageha, but..."
Fiona: "That's not happening. Don't you remember? I almost killed her at Next."
Senri: "...True, we'd only be scaring her for no reason."
There's also the fact that I don't know how to contact her, and I suppose I'm not even sure if she's still in the entertainment district to begin with. She's not someone we should be relying on at this stage.
Noah: "Kill...?"
Noah: "If you do this 'kill' thing or someone does it to you, can you not understand each other anymore?"
Senri: "Noah, what do you think when you see me and Fiona together?"
Noah: "...You're pals?"
Senri: "That's right, we're pals, but you know, we've tried to kill each other."
Noah: "But Senri, you agreed earlier."
Senri: "Well, it depends on the person. Sometimes time is enough to fix things and sometimes talking works... and there are some people who won't ever be able to understand each other for the rest of their lives, of course."
Senri: "I'm numb. It's terminal. Don't end up like me, okay, Noah?"
Noah: "But Senri, what's 'kill'?"
Fiona: "Senri—"
Senri: "I know. Noah, this way."
In response to the footsteps we could hear approaching, we hid ourselves in a narrow alley.
It was a group who had probably gathered in the shut-down waste warehouse.
Fiona: "They're called a 'security force' belonging to a branch of the Ministry of Magic, but they're basically thugs."
Former vigilantes—they're the guys who acted like they owned the entertainment district last year.
I hear their violence is legitimized now, for the purposes of apprehending OutCasts, after they were recognized for their service during the Magus Terror Attack.
Former Vigilante Tetsu: "Fuck! He can sure run well at least! I'm gonna make him bow down to me before I kill him, the fuckin' shit-eatin' little maggot!"
Former Vigilante Yoshida: "Aw, cool your jets, I'm sure he's hiding around here somewhere. Soon as we find him it's the death sentence#♪ He's gettin' exterminated#♪"
Former Vigilante Takemaru: "Here we are workin' for the sake of the world and society and all that, and that asshole thinks he can lecture us? Let's go fulfill our civic duty and murder the fucker!"
One of them flicked the cigarette out of his mouth. At that signal, they all shuffled off toward the entertainment district.
Senri: "The worst part is the equipment they've been granted since they have to deal with OutCasts."
Those types are purely motivated by violence. It's not hard to imagine what happens to any OutCast they manage to capture.
Fiona: "'Kill' this, 'murder' that... Though I suppose you stop feeling anything about it after getting used to it, huh?"
Fiona muttered indifferently, with the air of someone doing routine work on inertia alone.
Senri: "Looks like we were right to come here. They seemed to be going after an OutCast who fled. Should we follow them?"
Fiona: "That looked productive to you? It's pointless. Actually, after seeing that, I think—"
Noah: "Senri, Senri. I'll murder you!"
I tried to hear the rest of what she had to say, but Noah slid in between us.
Senri: "That's awfully violent. You're going to kill me?"
Noah: "Hm? Do you not want to be killed by Noah, Senri?"
Fiona: "This is a little too hardcore for me to keep up with."
Senri: "Noah, to kill someone is to take their life. It's not something you should talk about all that often. Do you get it?"
Noah: "Life? Take? I sort of get it, but sort of don't..."
Fiona: "...Picking up where we left off... Senri, you're an OutCast yourself at least in name, right?"
Senri: "Do you really need to ask?"
Fiona: "I've got an idea, then. And if we're lucky, we could find a lot of 'em."
Senri: "Fill me in."
Senri: "—Open up! Open up, please!"
Father Gaimon: "Senri-san...? Er, come on inside."
As I caught my breath after running into the church, the priest brought me a glass of water.
Father Gaimon: "Something must have happened for you to be so panicked."
Senri: "Dammit... Those assholes..."
After gulping down the water, I clicked my tongue and swore a few times. I couldn't think of too many cheap expletives, so I gave the floor a stomp for good measure.
Senri: "Those former vigilantes you used to employ... They were chasing me. Just because I'm an OutCast."
Father Gaimon: "I see... You're not hurt, are you?"
Senri: "Nah, I managed to avoid injury, but... guess some annoying people have it out for me now..."
Father Gaimon: "They are just trying to fulfill the duties they've been given. I hope you're not thinking of fighting back against them."
Senri: "Of course not. What could I do by myself? I'd just get arrested. But... I don't know if I'll be able to get away from them at this rate."
Emphasizing my distress, I went over to the priest like he was my last hope.
Senri: "Could you shelter me here, Father? Only for a little while. I don't have anywhere to go."
Father Gaimon: "This is the second time."
Senri: "......The second time?"
Father Gaimon: "The second time you've lied to me. Do you remember? The first was that business with the smoke."
I wasn't surprised that he'd seen through this farce. I calmed my needlessly excited breathing and my eyes settled on one place instead of darting about in panic.
Senri: "Let me ask you one thing, Father. If you knew it was me who filled this holy place with smoke, why didn't you accuse me?"
Father Gaimon: "I don't believe that lies are always told with ill intent. If you regret what you did, you're welcome to make a confession."
Senri: "No thanks."
This plan had failed from the beginning.
He wasn't someone we could trick.
The priest had the power to see the true nature of whoever he was talking to.
Senri: "Let me just tell you first of all that I'm not affiliated with anyone. I'm investigating the entertainment district on my own, and I don't intend to harm any OutCasts."
Senri: "And with that out of the way, I'd like to ask you, are you sheltering any? Or not?"
Father Gaimon: "I am."
The priest answered easily.
He probably would have answered this way if I'd just asked him from the beginning.
He's simply that sort of person.
Father Gaimon: "On the run as they are, they're exhausted both mentally and physically and can't even go to the hospital."
Father Gaimon: "Could I sit back and let people sick or injured and unable to see a doctor just be arrested?"
Senri: "How many are you sheltering?"
Father Gaimon: "Not that many. More than half of them just need a place to hide temporarily."
He's probably lending out the church office I visited a few times last year and a private residence he owns.
There could never be a place to support a large number of OutCasts in hiding in the first place.
The priest is just personally helping a few people; it's nowhere near the scale of something like Next.
Father Gaimon: "Not everyone is as strong, intelligent, and adaptable as you."
Senri: "Before, you supported the ruffians of the town, those who were outcast—now you harbor potential criminals, the OutCasts."
The people he protects have changed with the times, but his mission to reach out and save the weak remains unaltered.
Senri: "...You don't change, Father."
Father Gaimon: "If there weren't people who didn't, there wouldn't be anyone to protect those who have."
My expression relaxed as the priest's did. I found myself caving to the years of experience the middle-aged man had on me.
Senri: "It's probably pointless to tell you this, but since I could guess you'd be sheltering people... you might want to stop taking them in before you get charged with harboring criminals."
I sent a signal with my terminal and Noah came in without knocking.
Noah: "A church. Absitively holy. Healing abilities boosted."
Father Gaimon: "It looks as though spring has come for you as well, Senri-san."
Noah: "Spring? Where has spring arrived on Senri? Where, 'zactly?"
Senri: "Sorry, Father, but my relationship with her is more akin to your sheltering OutCasts than anything."
Father Gaimon: "Is that right? I'm afraid I've misspoken."
Noah: "Noah's Noah. Who're you? What's yer name?"
Father Gaimon: "I am just a humble priest. If you have any questions about the church, feel free to ask me."
Noah: "Absitively almighty! He knows everything! Senri, times like these call for applause!"
While Noah was applauding the priest, Fiona walked in a little later than her for whatever reason and it ended up seeming a little like applause for her entrance.
Fiona glanced around the building at her own pace, looking closer at or touching things that caught her attention, then finally made her way over to us.
Fiona: "It's been a while, Father."
From that short phrase it was clear that she was no longer hiding her true nature—that there was {no longer} any need for Kousaki Fiona Annabel to hide it.
Father Gaimon: "Welcome back, Sister Fiona. I'm glad to see you look well."
Fiona: "You can leave off the 'Sister.' I'm not coming back. But I'll leave behind some compensation as an apology for leaving so suddenly."
Fiona: "I'm sure you kept my wages for me, so you can take those as a donation."
Fiona motioned towards the alms-bag. It was all a very logical thing to say in a world where every problem can be solved with money.
Fiona: "Father, did you hear me?"
Father Gaimon: "........."
The priest was saying a prayer, not paying any mind to her words.
It was like he'd just offered a prayer to let the Holy Father know that Fiona had returned as naturally as he might breathe.
In any case, the sight of him silently praying seemed too holy to interfere with.
Fiona: "...There's nothing more pitiable than a religious business that's not making a profit."
Fiona looked away disinterestedly while Noah darted about in contrast with her.
Noah: "Like this? Like this? How about this? Maybe this?"
She looked over the priest from every angle and tried to copy his pose.
Noah: "Senri, Senri. I wanna touch that. Wanna play it with Noah?"
Senri: "You can't play with a church organ. Father, if you have bibles you were planning on donating, could you give one to Noah?"
Father Gaimon: "If you're interested in faith and salvation, then please take one. Just looking over it should give you some peace of mind."
Noah: "Thanks, Father. C'n I feel free to sit on the wooden chairs?"
Father Gaimon: "Of course."
Noah opened up the bible she'd been handed and soon seemed to enjoy rolling some passages around on her tongue.
Noah: "Too slow, Goliath! You're all bark and no bite! Now, come at me, David!"
There are plenty of unanswerable questions that would probably pique Noah's curiosity in that book... if she could comprehend them.
But if she got too passionate about it and declared she was joining the faith, I'm not sure I could hand her over.
Fiona: "...She sure smiles a lot. She's the exact opposite of me."
Father Gaimon: "You're the same."
Father Gaimon: "While you performed your clerical duties, you were more lively than anyone."
Fiona: "The same... Of course. It's only natural it would seem that way to you."
Fiona had intentionally made herself look that way. But it seemed she didn't intend to go out of her way to explain to the priest that he'd been deceived by her impeccable acting.
Father Gaimon: "Anything is fine, as long as you walk the path you think is right."
Fiona: "......"
Father Gaimon: "Inui-sensei... Ah, that should be Minister Inui now, shouldn't it? Are you still getting along well with your father?"
Fiona: "I have nothing to say to an outsider."
Father Gaimon: "...Is that so?"
Fiona: "Senri, that's enough wasting time. Let's check to see if any of the OutCasts he's been harboring have ties to Next."
Senri: "There aren't that many here. Let's look elsewhere."
Fiona: "Are you serious?"
My stance is usually to scrape up whatever scraps of information I can to get to the truth, but it didn't feel right to repay the priest's honesty with this.
He'd looked the other way at my using a smoke bomb to get at information on their church visitors last year. I was the one who decided whether that was a debt I owed him or not.
Senri: "There's a special air in a church. It doesn't suit me and I'm not fond of breathing it in. I don't want to stay here too long."
Father Gaimon: "I don't know if this has anything to do with what you're after, but I sheltered a friend of yours here once."
He must mean Ageha. If she's still in the entertainment district, she'll probably be a reliable source of information.
Senri: "Let's go. Even if we ask any OutCasts here questions, they probably won't answer."
Fiona: "Then we just break bones until they do. If we cover one of them in blood, the rest will start telling us things we didn't even ask out of fear and distress."
Father Gaimon: "Sister Fiona, you—"
Fiona: "You can leave off the 'Sister.'"
Fiona glared at the priest, cutting off his words. The directness with which she snapped at him gave her an intensity that made the difference in their builds seem insignificant.
Fiona: "I'm the sort of person who could carry out the violence I just spoke of without batting an eye."
Fiona: "If I weren't so skilled at disguising myself, Sensei would never have told me to be a sister at this poorhouse."
Fiona: "Now shut up and bring out whatever OutCasts you're hiding here."
The space fell silent after her demand.
—And because it happened at that exact moment, everyone focused on the person who suddenly rushed into the church.
Mikihisa: "...Phew... phew... Huh...?"
Father Gaimon: "You're back, Mikihisa. Rejoice and give thanks for this miraculous reunion."
Noah: "It's Tattoo Man! Wanna read this? It's absitively fascinating!"
Senri: "Noah, please sit and read quietly. You'll only overcomplicate things."
Noah: "Positutely. Regards."
Mikihisa: "Phew... phew... you fuckers... just waltzin' in here..."
There was no weight behind his threats. His brow was soaked with sweat after his dash here. I felt an unease as he seemed to look again and again at his fists.
Fiona: "I see you haven't learned anything. Still keeping this thing here..."
Mikihisa: "You wanna go? Step outside. I'll teach you some fuckin' manners."
Senri: "Don't beg for dessert just because you haven't had enough to eat."
Mikihisa: "...Tch, don't act like you know me!"
He could hide his fists, but I could still smell it on him. The scent of fresh blood. Proof of the fight he'd just been in.
Senri: "Let's get out of here, Fiona. We can't stay any longer now."
We didn't need to ask and we didn't have the time to either. I was almost certain Mikihisa hadn't finished his meal.
Fiona hadn't seemed interested, but she sniffed out the scent of blood too. She seemed to instantly look back on what had happened until now and predict what was to come.
Fiona: "...This couldn't be worse. He hasn't realized they let him go."
Father Gaimon: "What's that sound? I hear something out front."
Senri: "Looks like dessert's come running."
There were shouting and footsteps out front too loud to ignore, and then the source of the noise crowded into the building.
Former Vigilante Yoshida: "Mickeeeey ya fuckin' shitstain, helloooo#! Did you weally think you could get awaaay#?"
Former Vigilante Tetsu: "Ooh, the nostalgia! Haven't been to church in about a year, I think... and—excuse me! What do we have here! If it isn't some special guests!"
Former Vigilante Yoshida: "The sister and Mr... Senri?! Is this for realsies?"
Former Vigilante Takemaru: "Mister? What're you crappin' your pants for, dude? Our job is to hunt down whatever OutCasts are left, ain't it?"
Former Vigilante Yoshida: "Y-Yeah... We've taken down scarier guys! Let's show 'im we're different than we were back then!"
Former Vigilante Tetsu: "That's right, we're hunters. It's no use resistin', ya hear? First though, let's murder Mikihisa for interfering with our duties—where'd he go?"
Fiona: "Slow..."
Mikihisa hit him with a pew he'd picked up, and one of the former vigilantes went down.
Mikihisa: "Haha, pay attention, would ya, dumbasses? Have you forgotten who you're comin' after?"
He'd knocked out one of them with a surprise attack, but the other two didn't waver, aiming their weapons at him and firing.
Water cannons... but they didn't have enough force to be called that, really. They didn't seem particularly lethal, but as soon as Mikihisa's shoulder was wet, he crumpled to the floor.
Senri: (I don't think he meant to go down like that. There must be something like an electric shock in the fluid itself that paralyzes muscles.)
Lots of nonlethal weapons incorporating Magitronics are being developed. Perhaps too nonlethal when you consider they're to be used against OutCasts.
Former Vigilante Takemaru: "What a weakling#♪ Dude, isn't that set a little too high, though? Ain't that, like, cheating?"
Former Vigilante Yoshida: "I don't wanna hear that from a guy who secretly carries a knife around! This guy lives to cut up female OutCasts while he rapes 'em, y'know. Too scary!"
They must not be satisfied with average levels of violence. They seem to all be supplementing the weapons they've been given with their own additional firepower.
They're probably too low-level for Fiona's time. She's observing from a step outside of the ring of them.
Father Gaimon: "Stop this!"
Father Gaimon: "Are you not ashamed of yourselves, to commit violence in this holy place, before God?"
He wasn't merely providing his opinion from a safe distance. The priest stepped into the ring with them, unarmed, trying to persuade them to settle things peacefully.
Former Vigilante Takemaru: "Fatherrr, if you keep spoutin' that lame shit, we'll hunt you too, 'kay? He's the one that hit first! Our old leader, who likes to act so cool!"
Mikihisa: "Gwah?!"
A baton-shaped stun gun struck Mikihisa in the knee. I thought he'd collapse in pain again, but he mustered the willpower to stand before the final blow could be struck against him.
Former Vigilante Yoshida: "This little shit keeps interfering with our duties! Actually, you're guilty of the same, aren't you? Since you're hiding this piece of trash and his OutCast buddy Senri here too."
I moved to wipe the smirk off of his face, but a firm look held me back.
Father Gaimon: "Senri-san, we are before God."
Senri: "...Do as you like, Father. I won't interfere."
I've decided that I do owe the priest one. Even if the situation gets worse because I'm leaving it to him, I'll abide by his rules.
When I lifted my hands to show them I wouldn't resist, one of the former vigilantes pointed his weapon at me and scoffed, "Too easy."
Father Gaimon: "I suppose we could say both parties are in the wrong here."
Father Gaimon: "You can hit me, then. Kick me. Do as much as you like until you're satisfied."
Former Vigilante Yoshida: "Huh? You a masochist, priest man? What a creep! I'm not into that, so why don't you just sit tight until our backup gets here?"
Former Vigilante Takemaru: "...Actually, let's tie 'em up. We'll call our backup after I've had some fun with Fiona-chan."
Fiona: "...Excuse me?"
Former Vigilante Takemaru: "Those clothes she's wearing practically scream 'please touch my titties'! Don't you think forcing yourself on a struggling former sister before God is just, like, perfect?"
Father Gaimon: "You must not lose yourself to your power. Haven't I always taught you not to forget your consideration for others? I know you still have a conscience."
The priest's words were firm, but the former vigilante continued to step toward Fiona.
I imagine he's had some pent-up lust for the sister for a long time now. Now that he's freed from the restraints called Mikihisa, there's nothing forcing him to suppress those desires anymore.
He wanted to overpower her and violate her to his heart's content—the former vigilante obeyed his vulgar urges, attacking Fiona.
Former Vigilante Takemaru: "Huh—ow?!"
From an outsider's point of view, Fiona had nimbly dodged and tripped him up, but to him it must have seemed like a supernatural phenomenon had just occurred.
His friend, who was watching, couldn't resist the urge to laugh at the spectacle.
Former Vigilante Takemaru: "I'll kill you!!"
With the masculine dominance he had believed absolute overturned, he let out a roar to reassert himself after his authority had come into question.
Inferring that she was now the target of murder instead of rape, Fiona prepared to counterattack with a chilly look in her eyes.
A thrust—
Father Gaimon: "That was close..."
The priest said, a sharp blade lodged into his chest.
Father Gaimon: "Now no one has to be hurt..."
It hardly seemed real that the huge priest, his body like a boulder, could be taken down by such a shoddy little knife. Even things like that can take people's lives.
With a gentle smile on his face, the priest embraced the former vigilante before he could be overcome with fear at what he'd done.
Father Gaimon: "If the life of a single old man can send you all off into the world, it's but a small price to pay..."
His passing fury had only given him a fleeting bloodlust. There was a short time lag until the former vigilante who'd stabbed him understood the situation.
Former Vigilante Takemaru: "Father... huh......? What'd you jump out for... I..."
Senri: "—Don't pull it out!"
Former Vigilante Takemaru: "Th-This isn't my fault, right?!! It's totally his fault for jumping out in front of me, right?!!"
The priest was embracing him like a true father would, but the former vigilante pushed him away, pulling the knife out in the process.
With the plug pulled, the priest's wound widened and blood gushed from it. He seemed to fall in slow motion.
Father Gaimon: "...May your lives be... full of happiness... and may God's blessings... be upon you... forever... more..."
The priest's head fell powerlessly to the floor. The words he'd said to no one in particular ended up becoming his last.
Mikihisa: "No way..."
In the stillness, Fiona silently went over to the priest and checked his pupils, breathing, and pulse to confirm that his heart had stopped.
Mikihisa: "No way..."
Fiona's silence said everything.
Mikihisa: "No... way..."
This was reality.
It was a worthless way to die, like I'd seen countless times before. It happened all too fast, something that would never fly in fiction.
Mikihisa: "Why... Because... I brought them here...? Because you guys... showed up...?"
As the reality sunk in, Mikihisa seemed to realize the weight of his actions and what they'd wrought. Seeking some kind of support, his body hit the wall, which he then leaned on.
Former Vigilante Yoshida: "...This is no big deal. It's no big deal! It's an accident, an accident! A complete accident! Actually, let's think of it as a good thing!!"
Former Vigilante Takemaru: "Y-Yeah, I guess we did society a favor. Putting an end to this OutCast-harboring garbage... we should get a medal for that, really!"
Fiona: "A favor...?"
As their unease spread out like ripples, the former vigilantes tried to rally by justifying their actions.
The priest had tried to make his wishes clear to these uncomprehending idiot children of his, but his words hadn't reached them.
Fiona: "I shouldn't feel anything in particular for this man, yet... In any case, I simply can't find it in me to let you all live."
Former Vigilante Yoshida: "Gah—?!"
The restraints holding me back had breathed their last. In order to get out of this situation, I pulled the trigger of my handgun, shooting at the former vigilantes' weapons.
Their arms numbed, they dropped their weapons, becoming temporarily powerless. Fiona was already ready to swing her ice blade down at them, but I stood in front of her.
Fiona: "Do you want to die?"
Senri: "Someone already has, who didn't need to."
Fiona: "Shut up and get out of my way."
Senri: "At least honor the priest's wishes."
Fiona: "What are you talking about? I just don't like them. I'm just disassembling some bundles of self-satisfaction."
Senri: "If you kill them, the priest's death will have been for nothing. I guess I just don't want to let that happen."
They must have realized that they couldn't do much in a fight with their arms numb. The former vigilantes just watched our confrontation play out, their faces pale.
There was bloodlust in Fiona's eyes. Fiona could kill people easily without displaying such a thing, yet I clearly felt it coming off of her.
I didn't know how to interpret that...
Noah: "Hrmm. Hrmm. It just... It's just..."
Senri: "......Noah...?"
And. A girl who had nothing to do with all this, who I'd almost completely forgotten about, was moving her arms in deep concentration.
Noah continued her work with the enthusiasm of a child playing in the mud, completely unconcerned with the blood that was covering her.
Noah: "It won't go back in. Do you have to plug it first? It's an absitively difficult problem."
She scooped up the blood puddling around the priest and poured it into his wound.
Though it kept spilling out. And spilling out. And spilling out. She kept at it. Again and again. She blindly, wholeheartedly, performed this mockery of death.
Noah: "Ah..."
I don't know if she could sense the strangeness in the looks we were giving her, but Noah smiled elatedly as if to show off her diligent efforts.
Noah: "Senri, Senri. Is busy time over? If it's over, teach me how to put it back in."
Former Vigilante Takemaru: "L-Let's get outta here. We'll call backup and round them all up. We can blame the priest's death on them, too."
The strange scene had robbed Fiona of her will to fight, and when her attention on them waned, the former vigilantes hurriedly fled.
Noah: "This red stuff that comes out of people. It's not going back in. Does he need, umm..."
Noah: "Uhh... like, power. With power, he'll stand right back up again."
Fiona: "Of course he won't..."
Noah: "...Fiona?"
Senri: "The priest will never move again. He chose to be killed to teach them that nothing will ever come of conflict."
Noah: "Ah! Kill! This is what 'kill' means! I absitively understand."
Fiona: "Could you quit playing with that? I can't stand to watch you."
Noah: "Huh? Oh, okay."
Noah quit scooping up the blood and picked up the bible at her feet.
Noah: "I didn't really get it, but it's a very good thing. Senri said so too."
Noah: "So I'll give it back. Father. No... What used to be Father, goodbye."
Noah put the book into his hands and returned to us with her usual expression.
Noah: "Fiona."
Fiona: "......"
Noah: "I thought you didn't feel anything about 'killing.'"
Fiona: "Shut up... I don't... Of course I don't..."
Their backup will be here before we have any chance to mourn him. BURST may even show up, depending on what they do.
Senri: "We'll talk later, you two. Let's get out of here."
I heard something like a moan when we went past Mikihisa, but he didn't seem to intend to stop us.
He didn't criticize us for insensitively ignoring the dead and escaping. He just saw us off.
Noah: "Where are we going now?"
Noah stretched like she'd just finished the first on a list of leisure activities and looked at us with her eyes sparkling.
Fiona: "Insane..."
I don't know who the assessment was directed at, but the only thing we heard as we made our retreat was an unending flurry of innocent questions.
====================F010.TXT====================
It was no time to be continuing our investigation.
We got out of there as fast as we could, and when we'd come to somewhere safe, I received a communication on my terminal.
Senri: "—Hey, it's me."
Senri: "...I see... I'll get in contact later to discuss the date and time. Either way, you're gonna have to do some work behind the scenes."
Senri: "Good news. I'm just about ready. Now I don't have to needlessly stick my nose into any more danger."
Fiona: "Mm... slurp... sluurp..."
Senri: "...Noah, how long's Fiona been sucking on those?"
Noah: "Forever. It's a new record. Diabetes is absitively scary. It's the source of all ills."
Fiona: "Slurp... mm... lurp...... mm..."
She rolled the candy around on her tongue, absentmindedly staring up at the night sky. She was completely out of it. I had no idea if our voices were even reaching her.
Noah: "Is there somethin' up there...?"
Fiona: "Dark despair like the bottom of the sea."
Fiona's feelings on the sky were probably a little different than most people's.
Senri: "We'll draw attention to ourselves here. Instead of walking around and pointlessly draining our energy, we should get back to our place and rest."
Noah: "In spring one sleeps a sleep that knows no dawn. In spring one sleeps a sleep that knows no dawn."
Senri: "It's the middle of winter right now. How many months are you planning on sleeping? If you're gonna use phrases you've just learned, at least figure out the right time to use them."
Fiona: "Slu...rp... If a normal person saw someone die in front of their eyes, sleep would probably not be on their list of options right after that."
Senri: "Was that insensitive of me?"
Fiona: "Not really. We're not exactly normal."
Noah: "We're retreating? Noah too, Noah too."
"A normal person"—something about that phrase bothered me.
—I was dreaming, I came to realize.
A lucid dream, as they're commonly known. I understood this vaguely, but found that contrary to what I had heard, I couldn't control what was happening in the dream.
We were up in the sky, above clouds like cotton candy as far as you could see—that view alone quickly told me that I was in a nightmare.
Suddenly the sound of an impact rang out. Oxygen masks dropped in front of every seat; this was the signal that the peaceful plane ride had now fallen into hell.
***/Fiona: "—Aah?!"
What a cute voice she cried out in. I gazed at the soft girl called *** and smiled bitterly at her powerlessness.
***/Fiona: "...! ...! ...!"
As the plane rocked, *** gripped her seatbelt hard enough that it dug into her hands.
Even as they questioned the meaning behind the emergency positions the in-flight announcements and cabin crew had instructed them to take, they all obeyed in preparation for the worst.
They were desperate.
Everyone prayed with all their hearts to be saved. They hadn't given up hope that they could be saved, even in this hopeless situation.
—If you looked at things optimistically, it would seem that way, but reality was different.
The people on that plane still clung to the baseless idea that they could be saved, even at this stage.
Maybe there was a rupture in the fuselage; a thin mist had crept in among the seats. There was a frightful chill. At this point, the order the skilled crew members had maintained suddenly collapsed.
Danger that had previously had nothing to do with them—wars, accidental deaths, murders that they'd see on TV in their living rooms and think, "how scary"—this now became reality.
In that plane where crazed screams echoed one after another, *** tore open the packaging of her favorite candy.
They were just store-bought lollipops. To an adult they were merely excess sugar, but *** valued her habit of eating them through both happy and sad times.
Even if she plugged her ears, she could still hear death's footsteps. She tried to suck on the candy in her mouth, but her clattering teeth just broke it into pieces.
That too-good-to-be-true sweetness was overwritten with the taste of harsh reality, and ***'s face was frozen in terror.
Bound by their seatbelts and unable to even embrace their families, all the passengers and crew were sentenced to death by an unprecedented disaster—the crash.
Excluding a single passenger.
—I was aware that the scene had skipped forward. Overlooking my own past, I didn't find my heart rending, instead calmly observing the scene.
Inui: "You're on the list of the deceased."
What *** saw when she woke up after the accident wasn't the pearly gates of heaven, but the white ceiling of a hospital room... and a man.
Inui: "The plane might have come apart in just the right way, but the whole front of the craft was warped beyond recognition. The total absence of survivors speaks to the intensity of that impact."
*** was conscious, but she couldn't understand what the man was telling her and had no desire to. So she merely remained silent and listened to him speak.
Inui: "Somehow the magic you unconsciously manifested at the moment you faced death lessened the impact. Several miracles coincided to lead to you being alive here now."
Inui: "No... as you're listed among the deceased, perhaps I should say you've been resurrected."
All *** had left was a very real feeling.
The feeling that she was now all alone.
She'd been pulled apart from her family.
She should have fallen into her eternal rest on that scorched earth, but she wasn't even allowed to sleep.
So—she was very aware that she was no longer the person named ***. She was no one.
Inui: "What stole everything from you was none other than this society warped by magic."
Inui: "Does it fill you with loathing? What do you say to fighting together with me, then? Using that talent for magic of yours."
The new name *** received, Kousaki Fiona Annabel, seemed to maintain some traces of her name {in life}.
Inui: "This is our battle, where we will bring an end to the despair we endured."
It goes without saying that Sensei's powerful words encouraged me in my new life as Fiona.
Sensei destroyed the scab that had closed off my heart... and reworked that heart into one of steel.
Though this may have been a nightmare, the despair I'd tasted then didn't particularly disturb me now.
In fact, it only made me realize anew that Sensei had been perfectly right.
Sensei isn't wrong.
{Sensei} isn't...!!
Fiona: "...!!"
Fiona: "...Haah... haah... haah..."
I woke up drenched in sweat. I was gasping for air and my throat was painfully dry.
Fiona: "Kh..."
I reached for a candy, spilling the bag all over the floor, and tore open the wrapper my fingers had caught.
Fiona: "Insane..."
The word I'd uttered in front of the church spilled from my mouth again. There's really no other way to say it. I had no other way to describe what I thought of {Father Gaimon}.
Fiona: "—What is wrong with that lunatic...?"
Fiona: "What good does praying do? Every crew member and passenger on that plane praying for safety died. They all prayed they'd be saved."
Fiona: "What good does praying for someone else's happiness even on the brink of death do?"
Inui-sensei is different.
He never prayed for my happiness once.
He's always facing reality. The complete opposite of some bastard who's all talk, who prays to a nonexistent god. He's strong, proud, rational.
If he had time for wishing or praying he used it to train me, to give me missions, to proceed toward our goal.
Sensei isn't doing things the wrong way. He's a hero completely devoted to avoiding another tragedy like that. It was the priest who was wrong. It was the priest who was a lunatic.
Fiona: "Lunatic, lunatic, lunatic!"
When I entered the church I noticed that the floors, windows, chairs I'd polished had been kept clean by the lunatic's hands.
Even as his number of visitors decreased he kept up his unproductive lifestyle, no doubt thinking of it as "noble poverty."
There was absolutely nothing I could have learned from such a lunatic.
Fiona: "......Sensei..."
I'm not wrong. Sensei's not wrong.
Senri: "..."
I heard a noise and woke up.
I shook my head and gathered together my fuzzy consciousness.
Maybe I'm too sensitive, wary of attacks as I am. I'll check to make sure there are no problems, then go back to bed. Recovering and maintaining stamina is a high priority regardless of the situation.
Noah: "......"
There was nothing unnatural about Noah, who slept soundly and quietly.
Senri: "Whether ignorance, detachment, or numbness..."
Senri: "Whatever the reason, to be able to sleep so soundly after an acquaintance has just passed away—we're all heartless, aren't we?"
I would have no way to refute that if someone said it to me. People are all cruel creatures, but we're exceptions. We don't even try to hide our cruelty.
Though I may be able to understand the feelings of a person who spends the night at a wake... if I have time to mourn the dead, I'll use it to further my goals.
That's why I can't assume anything so convenient, like maybe someone will cry for me when I die.
Fiona's probably the same, in that sense.
Noah: "......"
Senri: "...Noah's not like us."
Paying careful attention to the rhythm of Noah's breathing in her sleep, I pulled the blanket up over her so that I didn't wake her up.
Senri: "......Fiona..."
She's gone. I called to her quietly in the living room, but no one responded.
It would be normal to think maybe she was having trouble getting to sleep and went out to get some fresh air, but I felt a vague sense of unease that I couldn't shake.
I didn't think unease like this was just a gut feeling. It was something people felt when there was a clear reason for them to be unable to stay calm.
Senri: "She's becoming inconsistent."
Senri: "...The mask is starting to come off."
What's driving me?
I walked in the chilly air, pushed forward by some impulse I couldn't understand.
An uneasy feeling. A racing heart. A restlessness I'd never experienced. I'd thought I was divorced from such things.
Now that I think about it, there's been this small discomfort within me ever since I started working with Senri.
Kohiruimaki's remarks at the lab.
The lunatic's death and prayers.
All the things Noah says that I'm sure have no particular thoughts behind them.
No—none of those things have anything to do with me. Why should any of it be my concern?
Fiona: "Sensei..."
My stock of candies is so low now that I can count them. I need to control myself a little more.
Fiona: "—Who's there?"
No one was there when I turned around, but someone soon emerged from around a corner as if in surrender.
Senri: "Took you long enough to notice I was following you. You must have really been in your own world."
Fiona: "...This is private. Leave me alone."
Senri: "Come back and rest. This is a unique situation we're in, but we {are} cooperating for the time being. You can't just do as you like."
Fiona: "Can't believe you're making such sound arguments."
Senri: "I can't leave Noah alone for too long. It worries me how she collapsed when I wasn't with her at the lab."
So he said, but he still followed me. It seemed to me as if Senri hadn't quite figured out where his priorities were.
Fiona: "...You're not going to find any useful information by following me."
Senri: "That's for me to decide. People's legs don't move unless they've got a clear destination in mind."
He's right. I know exactly where we're going. But the reason why is something that's unclear even to me.
Fiona: "I can kill the average adult male without even relying on magic, just by using my legs."
Senri: "Oh yeah? Impressive."
His response was bland. He must not have been interested. He says "impressive," but I'm sure Senri could do the same with one arm.
Fiona: "I could go anywhere and hold my head high, don't you think?"
Senri: "So self-conscious, as always."
Fiona: "Do you think I was the same before the crash of the Triumph A2X?"
Senri: "...Couldn't say."
Fiona: "I was small and fragile. Just a lump of fat. No saving grace to speak of. My sole hobby was eating as many sweets as I could. You can hardly believe it, can you?"
Fiona: "I started eating healthily and training until I collapsed. Those days it was like I didn't know if I was sleeping or passed out half the time."
Fiona: "I pushed myself. Pushed myself. Pushed myself. Squeezing out all the fluids inside me. And the more I sweat, the more the fat inside me transformed into high quality meat."
Fiona: "My spoiled, soft body was polished until it was like it was someone else's."
Fiona: "I achieved a functional beauty. I was perfected. The nameless girl's body had been formed anew for any situation that might call for it, and the demon named Kousaki Fiona Annabel entered that shell."
Senri: "An attractive appearance that puts men off-guard. Muscles perfectly adapted to vengeance. Your footwork. A constitution honed to resist sickness..."
Senri: "There are plenty of examples of people who have succeeded in changing themselves through harsh training in order to get over some complex of theirs."
Fiona: "I never had a complex. I threw away that weak body of mine all to be of some use to Sensei."
Fiona: "My training didn't appear to have anything to do with magic, and it just happened to bear fruit. I see this objectively. It has nothing to do with being self-conscious."
Senri: "It's true that a pro always tries to make up for their flaws. If you can't rid yourself of weaknesses and declare yourself perfect, you're just an amateur."
Fiona: "...You're the same, aren't you?"
Fiona: "Your body, your magic skill, you achieved all of it on your own. It's all optimized for you to achieve your goals. Isn't it?"
Fiona: "We both did our best. Me for the missions I was given and you for your goals. No matter what anyone says, we're... in the right."
Senri: "If you wanted to talk about the past, you could have just said so."
Senri: "Fiona, do you understand why you're going on about this?"
Fiona: "...What does it matter? I'm just in the mood for it."
I couldn't stand him looking like he'd seen through me, and turned my back to him.
I don't want to admit it. I don't want to admit it, but I don't know what color my own heart is.
I'm uneasy. And it's not even clear to me what's making me so uneasy...
Fiona: "You won't find anything interesting even if you follow me."
To do away with this unease, I headed to where I'd been born.
I slipped through the residential district as the ever-colder winter winds stole my body heat away.
A can of Re:D Elephant in hand, I passed by some unusual things, like artificial hills created for scenery in a park.
Fiona, walking silently in front of me, was different from her usual self, as I'd suspected.
I'd largely grasped what sort of mental state she was in from our conversation, but as yet unsure of what I would do about it, I merely followed her in order to find out.
Fiona: "It hasn't changed."
Fiona's sudden stop and muttering brought our night stroll to an end.
The town outskirts. A western mansion that could probably be described as "stately." There were no lights nearby, and it must have been a while since anyone lived there. There was a certain loneliness to the outer stone walls of the estate.
Given both its connection to Fiona and our little reminiscence earlier, I'd guess this is Inui's mansion.
Fiona easily cleared the front gate, and when I followed her, I found myself standing in a front lawn that had long been left to grow out.
Fiona: "To me, this is something like home."
She doesn't intend for any sentimentality, I suppose. She headed straight for the front door.
When she realized the door was locked, she gave it a kick, destroying the lock with no hesitation—and when she realized that wouldn't work, she got out her ice blade and sliced it right in two.
Senri: "Kind of novel to break into home like this, don't you think?"
Fiona: "What else can we do? It's getting windy and it'll be warmer inside."
We barged in through the stately entrance, shoes still on.
A large staircase. I reached out and touched the railing, stretching out my numbed fingers. I glanced down at the dust that stuck to my fingers, then wiped it away.
Senri: "Where in this mansion did your hellish training take place? I can't say it looks like a building meant to withstand the damage magic can cause."
Fiona: "The basement. I'd bring my food with me and spend as much time there as possible. I got permission to enter the study too, but only when I was cramming knowledge into my head."
Senri: "So what are we here for? Inui's not here, you know."
Fiona: "...Does everything need a reason?"
Senri: "At the very least, I wouldn't expect you to act without reason. You're not far gone enough that you'd have to get all sentimental just to keep yourself sane, are you?"
Fiona: "You're no psychologist, so don't try to act like one. It's just embarrassing."
Fiona took one step up the grand staircase. She confidently took the center of the stairs and the moonlight that came from the front door shone down on her back.
When I stepped forward to follow her, a shadow cut through that light.
Senri: "Right!"
Fiona: "—?!"
Reacting to my voice, Fiona leapt up to the landing and headed for the railing leading up the stairs to the right. I took the other direction.
Blue flames burnt through the carpet and burst through the wall ornament on the landing.
The ball of flame resembling a swelling blast furnace had opened up several holes on the stairs.
If you'd tried to dodge only the fireball, you'd probably find everything under your knees melted.
Senri: "Well, we might be trespassing, but I didn't hear anything about the security here having a warrant for murder."
Fiona: "That flame that's the wrong color... I see. They've already got a spare ready. But why here...?"
A silhouette appeared, writhing in the darkness. It didn't remain hiding after failing its first strike because it intended to finish us off here.
Senri: "This is impossible."
No one's immortal. And if you jump into a river in the middle of winter while bleeding profusely, you're either dead or fatally wounded at the very least. He should have been issued a one-way ticket to an ICU.
No, my questions don't end at his life or death. Those blue flames he'd shot off would have melted us had we not dodged them. No ordinary barrier could stop those.
He shot off another fireball. He'd taken us by surprise and now fought fiercely while our reaction times were slowed.
Fiona: "—[With my wish fulfilled / I prostrate as it plummets / That shower of stakes.]"
Fiona intercepted the attack with an almost divine power.
Fire and ice crashed together in mid-air. They didn't completely cancel each other out, but she'd avoided the worst-case scenario, which would have been the fireball hitting the ceiling and flames raining down all around us.
Senri: (If he followed us here, the timing's just too good. Was he waiting somewhere for us to enter the building...?)
From our last encounter, I know he's not someone we can reason with.
Senri: "Fiona, if you've got information on him, fill me in."
Fiona: "He's a device for one of the government's plans from a year ago, to artificially create Elements."
Senri: "...A clone. He's a clone?"
Fiona: "? I'm surprised you figured that out. I don't remember mentioning that the original device was human."
Fiona: "Of course, he's structurally the same as a human being, so the way you kill him's the same as well."
Fiona: "The problem is his improved magic functions. I don't know how it works, but I'd say it's from the Neocrystallization shoved in his forehead."
Senri: "........."
That boy I'd met once. I'd thought the flames he produced were the color of his convictions. But if that was all manufactured...
The government is concealing the one man who can produce Elements in his body. If that boy was his clone...
Senri: "Experiments, experiments, experiments. Sounds like something those rotten bastards would come up with."
Fiona: "My, you don't curse often. It's not like you to get angry about someone else's trampled dignity."
Senri: "None of this is his fault, but let's shut him up, why don't we?"
Fiona: "Before the whole place burns down, yeah."
As she answered, she scattered ice around to quell some of the flames. Then when she was done with her work, without a second to rest, she froze the railing and jumped onto it.
Sliding down to the first floor, she composed a poem before she landed.
Not distracted by her movement, the clone continued to shower her with blue flames.
Fiona: "Sloppy."
His wave of heat hit her head-on—but the only thing that melted was a huge cube of ice, big enough to hide a person behind it.
Before the ice had fully melted, Fiona kicked it at the clone.
Blue Blaze/Haruto: "—"
In the moment the ice filled the clone's sight, Fiona ran.
Her eyes told me what she'd try next... and that she was requesting backup.
Senri: "—"
Without speaking or nodding, I ran along the second floor in response.
Fiona's seemingly random movements were all to manipulate the clone's position.
My easily getting above him in his blind spot was all thanks to Fiona's fighting and the signals she'd sent with her eyes.
Blue Blaze/Haruto: "?!"
Her ice blade glimmered. If he tried to escape backwards, I could strike from above. It was a perfect plan for a two-against-one battle.
Fiona: "Say your prayers."
Her well-trained legs didn't require an approach for the jump. Fiona's sudden rush toward her target probably seemed like teleportation to him.
She'll do it. She'll cut him. I was sure of what I'd see. All I had to do was watch the scene play out.
That was why—precisely because the situation was so certain—I paid close attention to my surroundings. It's when they're assured of their victory that people miss things. Crucial things.
Senri: "—?!"
I felt something strange from a hallway across from me. A shape. It was a person. There was a person in the shadows above Fiona's head.
Realizing this new combatant was aiming for the point where the two would clash, I let loose some flames of my own in an instant.
Fiona: "—Too shallow!"
Fiona: "?! What, are you trying to bury me too—Another one?"
Fiona turned around after injuring her target.
I'd hit the fireball with my own, knocking it off-course.
Fiona, who had almost ended up covered in flames, pat the embers out of her skirt and turned back to her previous target as if nothing had happened.
Senri: "I'll take care of this newcomer. The injured one downstairs is yours."
Occupied with the blue flame-user, Fiona gave a hurried nod. He seemed to be pushing her back, though gradually, but she must have had some plan.
Concentrating on my own target, I ran over to the other hallway.
Fire and ice. There was no clear advantage to one type of magic over the other, so the battle was being decided on the pure difference in magical ability between us.
I backed up as much as I needed to from the flames I hadn't been able to cancel out and played the part of the losing side being backed into a corner.
"It's having an effect." "I have the advantage." I made my adversary think that and thus choose to use the same magic again and again.
The safest and most certain way to win is by brute force, using the difference in strength between you and your opponent. Come-from-behind wins are so favored in fiction because they don't happen easily in reality.
Fiona: "I don't have the reach!"
I swung and missed a few times, feigning panic, and showed off my lack of options to complete my misdirection.
One more step.
One more step—and he's in range.
Fiona: "That's it."
There was a reason why I held my ice blade in a reverse grip.
There are a lot of detriments to this grip, but it's perfect for tricking your opponent into thinking your sword's reach isn't as long as it really is.
And on top of that, this blade is formed out of magic. It's usually fixed at a length that's convenient for handling it, but I've never said I couldn't change that length.
Blue Blaze/Haruto: "...? .........?"
The lightning speed of the slash deceived his pain receptors. His senses couldn't keep up and he failed to realize that he'd been fatally struck.
Blue Blaze/Haruto: "—???"
His split stomach caused him to bend back and stumble. Now slowed, the clone—of all things—turned to retreat.
Fiona: "Abandoning the fight, eh?"
I carved into him the meaning of turning your back in a fight. Still think it's a good idea? How about now? How about now? I bathed him in blows. I immobilized him.
Fiona: "Trash disposal."
Knock him out. Bleed him dry. Hang him up. Skin him. Clean him. Cut him up. An assembly line of work etched into me to eliminate all unnecessary delays.
I could cut his head off or pierce his heart and gouge it out. With that, he'd be disposed of.
I've done this countless times before.                                
There is no reason to hesitate when eliminating a target.             
I've don     s countle     mes before.                                
There is no r      to hesitate when elimi     g a t     .             
I     on     s c     e     mes b     .                                
     is no r      to      ate w     elimi     g a t     .             
I                    e                                                
                              w                         .             
                                                                      
                                                                      
Fiona: "............Aah..."
I found myself about to collapse, supported by a cold wall. I massaged my brow and took a deep breath.
Fiona: "Something's wrong. That lunatic's nonsense is clinging to me..."
I fumbled for the candy I've always got on me.
Fiona: "......Haahh..."
I could tell through the packaging that the fierce battle had crushed the candy to pieces.
Fiona: "What do I care? After all, there's not a single time in my life when things went according to plan..."
The clone I'd just defeated showed no signs of rising. There was nothing to worry about. His life was done. I had no need to finish the job.
Fiona: "Looks like I finished up first."
I could still feel tremors from upstairs. Senri must be trading magic blows with the second clone on the second floor.
They're a little more trouble when they're strengthened by those Neocrystallizations, but I can't imagine he's an opponent who could overcome Senri.
Fiona: "In any case, I feel awful..."
What I needed to take care of sooner was my own condition.
The study was a special place to me.
The smell of the books all around me was relaxing, and though I knew it was a part of my training too, I felt something like tranquility in here.
I acquired most of the knowledge I needed to live as an agent in here. That sociable persona I'd played at the church was something I came up with thanks to these books, too.
The chair Sensei always sat in. His posture was always perfect even when he was concentrating, and even when he was relaxing, he didn't ever use the back of the chair.
Whenever I entered, he would always glance at me, re-cross his legs, and ask me what I was here for.
The words we exchanged were always short reports, but I felt at ease just reading with him in the same room.
Fiona: "Over here. There should have been a bag of candies..."
My reports to Sensei always ended with him giving me a lollipop in reward.
There was no medicinal benefit in the candies you could find in any store.
There was only meaning in them when they were given to me by Sensei as a reward, and thus given the gruesome appellation of "magical candies."
Fiona: "I don't care if they're past their expiration date. If they're something Sensei was going to give me, I'll take anything..."
I checked a shelf with a few books on it. And when I accidentally knocked one off and caught it before it hit the ground, I realized...
...My fingers were sliding far too smoothly across the surfaces of the shelves. There was no dust.
Glancing around to confirm my suspicions, I found several signs that the study had been used recently.
Suddenly a monitor on the wall lit up.
Fiona: "Sensei."
Inui: "I thought I'd find you when the surveillance monitor in my study suddenly started up."
Looks like I'm exactly where he expected I'd be. Sensei gave a rare sigh as if to lament my frivolity.
Inui: "It's too bad. The fact that you're in here makes it all too clear that you've destroyed the clones guarding the place. I suppose I'll have to consider you a traitor now."
It was a stinging feint, but if I believed his words too readily, he'd have all the initiative in the conversation.
Fiona: "...I got caught up in Kohiruimaki's scheme and had no way to contact you, so I had no other choice but to come here."
Tricks won't work on Sensei. I narrowed down what I had to tell him and forced the words out of my mouth.
Inui: "The first thing out of your mouth is an excuse. So what I feared has come to pass."
Fiona: "Is it true that the Fall of Icarus was orchestrated to manipulate public opinion?"
Inui: "Can't say I was expecting that. What is it you think you should be doubting, your sanity, or me?"
Fiona: "Please answer either yes or no."
The truth of this matter is something I need to ascertain... even if I have to fight to get the words out.
I trust Sensei. But the information I've accumulated clings to me, even if it doesn't even amount to a single percent of doubt.
Kohiruimaki's remarks, Senri's fixation with this conspiracy, I need to know that these are trifling things I can just forget about.
I'm broken down as long as that single percent is stuck in my mind, and I want to hear that "no" as soon as possible to repair myself.
Inui: "It's true."
Fiona: "...............Huh?"
I tilted my head 20 degrees. What was that?
Fiona: "..............................Huh?"
I tilted my head 40 degrees. What was that?
Inui: "And since it's true... you've revered the very person who murdered your family as your 'sensei' all these years."
The information coming in through my ears seemed awfully fragmented for some reason.
Inui: "After you survived thanks to your rare magical aptitude, I took interest in you and decided to try repairing that fractured heart of yours into one bent on revenge."
I was made all too aware of the fact that I hadn't been at all prepared for any answer other than "no."
Inui: "I fed you plausible lines about sharing a goal of obtaining revenge on magical society and you voluntarily trained yourself into a superior subordinate."
I couldn't even understand half of what he was saying...
Inui: "You became a loyal dog, blindly following all of my orders. Not at all aware that your own actions were benefiting the very person who destroyed your life."
I merely left myself to the emotions welling up from deep within me.
Inui: "Have you ever heard anything more laughable?"
Fiona: "Inui-sensei... INUI!!"
When I howled the words, it all started to seem real. Inui. It was the first time I'd called him that.
Inui: "Let me make this clear. Your help benefited my plans heavily. Without you, things wouldn't be where they are today. You answered all of my expectations."
Fiona: "This is preposterous!!"
Inui: "From your rage, I take it you accept it, then?"
Fiona: "Accept it?"
Inui: "Or what? You were fooled, so there was nothing you could do? Are you going to say all the inhuman crimes you've committed up until now weren't your responsibility at all, and pin all the blame on me?"
Inui: "In that case, try and make the same excuses to the souls you've taken, or their bereaved families, or even the ones you left barely alive but severely disabled."
Inui: "I imagine they'd respond with something like this:"
Inui: "{How about you do me a favor and die?}"
—I felt the world give out under me. I looked down, trying to keep my balance, and found that the floor had disappeared. I was on a cliff. What cliff? Where is this?
Corpses. I was standing on the summit of a mountain of corpses. Ah, is that it? Is that what's going on?
I've killed. I've stolen. So many lives, so many times.
Ever since I was reborn, I've walked a path of endless thievery.
The mountain of death had been piled up higher and higher. With each new victim, the altitude increased, and I grew ever closer to my goals. I worked so hard believing that.
What could I even say to the nameless people I'd hurt and killed until now?
Is there any answer they could possibly accept?
The second I thought that—my body grew heavy and I almost fell to my knees. They were pulling me down. The dead were trying to drag me down with them.
I felt like I was falling, falling, about to be buried in that cold place—
Inui: "Fiona."
Fiona: "...Aaah, ah—ah... yes."
Inui: "You're sweating an awful lot. I can hardly bear to look at those shaking knees of yours, too. What's causing you so much pain?"
An illusion. The scenery in my mind. I'd briefly removed myself from reality. The second I found myself about to understand Sensei's words, I couldn't maintain a grip on my sanity anymore.
To put it in terms of competition, I'd started on the offensive in order to elicit the truth from Sensei, yet before I knew it I found all my doubts had only doubled.
My throat was so dry it hurt. It was burning. I was in pain. I was overcome by the impulse to claw at it.
I had always been a machine that faithfully carried out orders.
I had carefully checked my orders and thought only of the success of my mission.
It wasn't that I was particularly bad at thinking. I had just given up on it completely.
If I allowed myself to doubt unnecessarily, I worried that it would negatively influence my capacity to act as a demon of revenge, and all the strength I'd acquired would leave me.
Each time I finished a mission, I shed blood and took many lives. It was hard at first, but I quickly got used to it.
Sacrifices were necessary.
The number of them wasn't even close to the number of passengers and crew dead after that accident. If we didn't put an end to magic society, there would be even bigger accidents than that.
I was sure of that. I wasn't in the wrong.
Each swing of my blade, each swing...
Was connected.
To the fall of magical society—
Inui: "Fiona."
Fiona: "Yes... yes."
I was pulled back to reality again after almost drowning in my thoughts once more. I was getting used to the slight feeling of intoxication.
Inui: "Was it funny? I was just joking!"
What dropped down to me was a glittering thread of salvation.
Inui: "The crash of the Triumph A2X was an accident due to the malfunction of the Magi on board. It was a tragedy that only happened because of society's universal acceptance of magic."
Inui: "We had nothing to do with it. And we are in agreement that the hammer must be brought down on magical society. Isn't that right?"
Fiona: "Y-Yes..."
Inui: "Do not waver. Kill one person and you're a criminal, but kill a thousand on the battlefield and you're a hero. You are the latter."
Inui: "The sacrifices you've made are noble ones. {For their sake as well}, we must create a brilliant future."
Fiona: "Right... that's right."
I was a hero, and I didn't hesitate to grab that thread.
I could not rest here.
As long as I cling to this thread, the arms of the dead won't reach me. My actions are absolutely in the right. There's no need to waver. Everything Sensei is doing is right.
Fiona: "—IT'S RIGHT!!"
—It's right!!
Everything Sensei is doing is right!!
It's right it's right it's right it's right... It's right!!
I flung away the thoughts threatening to drag me down into that swamp again and howled.
Sensei showed no alarm when I screamed like a lunatic, merely watching over me quietly.
Inui: "Did you think I was seduced by the legitimate influence of my new position and lost sight of our goals?"
Inui: "I'm the brains and you're the brawn. This division of roles is only natural. There was a reason I wasn't telling you everything, of course."
This time I listened gratefully to each of Sensei's words.
Inui: "You first displayed your true worth when you became my pawn."
I'm a loyal demon who obeys Sensei's orders.
Inui: "Don't think."
I won't think.
Inui: "Don't feel."
I won't feel.
Inui: "Your precision, your unparalleled utility, will only continue to rise as you faithfully fulfill your missions."
I lost all traces of anything so grand as free will when *** died and I was reborn as Fiona.
Inui: "Forget all about this treachery. You gracefully escaped the plot against you and were only hiding temporarily in order to prove your innocence, right?"
Sensei understands. If I leave it to Sensei, all will be well.
Inui: "I commend you for staying alive. Losing your fighting strength would be a much harder blow than any failed mission."
Fiona: "I wasn't ordered to die."
My heart turns to steel.
My blood freezes from the arteries to the capillaries.
I am absolute zero. I am Kousaki Fiona Annabel.
Inui: "Come back to me, Fiona. I'm the only one who can utilize you effectively. You and I must bring down the hammer on magical society."
Inui: "The likes of Kohiruimaki could never fill your shoes. We need your ability."
Fiona: "Yes."
Inui: "Fiona. What do you do if you want someone dead? I want to hear it from you."
A question like it came from a test. The definition of death. Several answers came to mind. Methods to bring about a person's demise. But the words Sensei wants to hear are simple, clear ones.
Fiona: "You—kill them."
Inui: "I'm sure of the success of your next mission now after hearing those words. An advance on your reward: check behind the monitor."
I checked between the thin monitor and the wall. There was a bag of candies taped there.
Inui: "Make sure to take the subject alive, though. I don't care what state he's in so long as we can do a Neocrystallization experiment, of course."
Fiona: "Yes."
Inui: "Welcome back, my daughter."
I stuffed my cheeks with a candy from the bag and the taste of despair filled my mouth.
Fiona: "There was never a place I could call home."
I'd lost my sense of taste, but the one flavor I could still sense, blood, reminded me of my reason for living.
====================F011.TXT====================
Even after I'd returned to the entrance, that disgusting feeling hadn't faded from my hands.
I knew I was fighting a clone, but his body was the same as a flesh-and-blood human.
Senri: (Only the wounded one left, but... I don't see them at the entrance.)
There were signs that they'd been there, but the clone was gone. She must have finished him off somewhere else.
Senri: "......?"
A few steps down the grand staircase, I noticed something hard beneath my feet.
It was candy. Crushed into pieces.
Senri: "...It's Fiona's."
I looked a few steps forward to find more candy lying there. Curious, I looked past that too and again found more.
What was she doing? I had no idea why, but was it supposed to lead someone somewhere?
I followed the candy, feeling almost like I was tracking a trail of blood, and it stopped when I arrived under the chandelier.
This is strange. It's clear that she dropped the candy intentionally, but I have no idea what it could mean.
Senri: "—!"
It was fortunate that the mansion was silent. With my senses sharpened as they were, I was able to react to even that slight noise.
Something flashed just past my side. Judging from the angle of the needle of ice in the ground, I turned to look in the direction it had been thrown from.
—She's not there.
Sensing something foreboding in the air, I jumped back, a little too late. A needle of ice pierced my left arm.
Senri: "So the first throw was a decoy."
There was no room for doubt. It was Fiona. She'd thrown a blade of ice at me, but how had she gotten behind me?
Senri: "Those, huh..."
I hadn't noticed with my attention focused on the candies, but there were small patches of thin ice all around the entrance.
She'd fired at the patches of ice—and used the ricochet both to sharpen the blades and fire at me from outside of the entrance.
This is the kind of superhuman feat I'd usually laugh at, thinking such impossibilities of physics could only be relegated to fiction, but with Fiona's magic, it was possible.
Considering how high the hurdles to making this work are, including the friction, air resistance, and angle of contact, I'd say this isn't her first time trying it out.
Senri: "There were signs before, but I guess something here pushed her all the way."
The ice piercing me wasn't normal ice. I avoided touching it rashly and smashed it on the stairway railing instead.
The bleeding from the hole in my arm stopped immediately and scabbed over. From its inky color, I could guess that the flesh was frostbitten.
Senri: "The injury won't put me at a disadvantage, but it's a problem that she's shooting at me inside this box trap."
I don't know when she decided she'd kill me, but I'm not so confident in my skills that I want to fight her without a plan when she's completely prepared to finish me right here.
Leaving through the front door would be the most dangerous thing to do. She's definitely set a fatal trap there. No predator would ever be unprepared to intercept prey heading for an easy escape.
But judging from her lack of follow-up attacks... it's reasonable to assume she's trying to take me alive, probably so that she can return to her organization, I suppose. That's what I can take advantage of.
Senri: "If you want to do this fair and square, I won't hold back either."
I retraced my steps from when I'd returned to the entrance. No one person could completely block off all routes of escape in this short time. I chose to retreat over advancing hastily.
—Surprise attacks work on anyone.
Even an experienced combatant like Senri couldn't possibly dodge a ricochet attack that he'd never expect, especially inside of the trap I'd carefully prepared after my sudden betrayal.
What was frightening was how he dealt with the ice in his arm like it had happened to someone else, while giving off not a hint of fear, even though he had no idea where I was shooting at him from.
His heart was unshakable after all the battlefields he'd lived through.
Fiona: "Fair and square, huh?"
I turned over the words he'd shouted into the room, not knowing where I was.
I wonder if anyone other than me would be able to tell that there was no sarcasm in those words at all.
That was Senri's honest impression of my surprise attack—nothing but that.
The more unfair it was, the better.
The more underhanded it was, the lovelier.
Why? Because the true essence of battle is in the {taking}. We're not having a sportsmanlike competition.
Fiona: "To win, you make the situation advantageous as efficiently as possible. Surprise attacks show what someone's truly made of."
Even with the emergency measures he took, the ice is still eroding at his arm, so it's useless now. I'll have the advantage in a firefight. I've got the more advantageous position, too.
Even if he runs outside, there are still things I can do. I can take my time following him. I know where he's going: my apartment. He needs to go and get Noah. I'd catch up to him for sure.
This is the perfect place to put an end to things. I'll wait until he gives up and returns to the entrance, then strike. This mission, the one I've struggled with most in all my life... I'll end it {fair and square}.
If I do that, I'll be able to completely return to who I used to be. I can abandon this strange and rusted form of myself, who's spent far too long relaxing where I shouldn't be.
Fiona: (Did a window break earlier? Or... did he really run?)
Wind blew in through the hallway. If he really broke a window and ran outside, I'll have to follow him, but—
Fiona: (There he is...)
A grating sound approached, like a blade being sharpened. Senri's face poked out from the hallway. Did he find a razor or something?
I can't see all of him from where I'm hiding. All I can tell is that he's holding up whatever he found.
Fiona: (Whatever it is, all I have to do is follow my plan.)
Fiona: "[With my wish fulfilled / I prostrate as it plummets / That shower of stakes.]"
The icy bullets I let fly signaled the beginning of our battle.
I came up with my plan and as soon as I returned, I was met with a baptism of ricochets. To the one on the receiving end of these attacks, they're so irregular they can't be predicted completely.
But if you know they're coming, there are things you can do to defend against them.
The biggest weakness of these ricochet attacks is the time it takes them to reach their target. If you check where they're coming from by the sound and put your back to the wall, you can minimize the area you have to defend. I just need to put up the same kind of ice shield Fiona had earlier to defend my front.
Senri: "Pretty uninspiring, Fiona. If you really want to kill me, how about you try cutting me in two from head-on?"
Fiona: "You're awfully confident after only blocking one attack."
If she stayed hidden, flinging ricochet attacks at me, she should have been able to wear down my stamina. Did she come out of hiding just to talk, without launching another attack? Or...
Senri: "You already hit me once. You can't laugh it off and say it was all a joke now."
Fiona: "I won't think anything. Won't feel anything. I'm a demon who lives only to carry out her missions."
Senri: "Guess you just got into contact with Inui, huh? And since he overlooked your betrayal, you can't possibly go back to him without bringing him a little present."
Fiona: "So understanding. I've given up on thinking. I've chosen to be Sensei's faithful right hand, just as I always have been."
Senri: "Chosen, eh? Sure you even had a choice?"
Senri: "So did you ask Inui about the connection between his conspiracy and the Fall of Icarus?"
Crack. I'd meant it just as a little jab, but there was now a definite fissure in the demonic mask Fiona wore.
Senri: "Hey, we {were} working together, you know. It's a little unfair of you to call that off on your own like this. You could at least tell me what he had to say, couldn't you?"
Fiona: "........."
Senri: "Did he respond to your suspicions sincerely? Did he acknowledge that he only started you on that second life so you could be of use to him?"
Fiona: "Don't think. Don't feel. Unnecessary emotions will just slow me down."
Fiona walked to the bottom of the grand staircase, muttering some hex to herself. I went down the stairs to join her.
Senri: "Not going to answer me, eh? Why is it, though? There's doubt in your eyes."
Fiona: "That's not enough to shake me up. And you're in range of my blade now, you know."
We stood face-to-face. There was a little less than five meters between us. I was in range of a strike from her ice blade.
Senri: "Well, I wanted to hear a little more, but so be it. We've each got our goals, then..."
Fiona: "We'll just have to {take} from each other."
Fiona moved first. I fell in beside her and simulated her actions two or three moves ahead.
Against this dextrous demon of a swordswoman, who could use magic besides, I absolutely could not blink. If I let down my guard for an instant, everything above my shoulders would go flying. We both faced forward, keeping careful watch over our opponent's movements.
Fiona: "[In a silver world, / act with ice-cold precision. / Leave nothing to chance.]"
Her hair flying like frost behind her, she condensed a silver world into a sword made of ice. Her trusty Magi—that transparent yet obscure blade.
Senri: "[In a silver world, / act with ice-cold precision. / Leave nothing to chance.]"
A second later, I materialized my own weapon, so as to stand in the same arena as her.
I may have called it a weapon, but it was nothing like Fiona's. Mine was nothing but a shaft with no thought to its cutting edge or ease of use—as it had a hole in the center, all it resembled was a metal pipe.
Fiona: "That's all you've got?"
Senri: "I've had a little training with swords."
Fiona: "...I hope you mean staves."
I thought she'd strike in that little time lag, but Fiona didn't move. It wasn't a stalemate. We just hadn't begun.
Senri: "......"
Fiona: "......"
This was a real fight: fair and square meant anything goes. But even in a fight without a referee, there's a signal to begin.
Breathing.
The moment our opponent's breath was caught—there was a clashing of blades, which struck simultaneously as if part of a performance.
In the quality of our blades, their technology, I fell far short of Fiona's mastery in every area—but it was me, the amateur, who won.
The reason was obvious. A clash between blades is fundamentally dependent on the difference between the wielders' builds. And it proved fortunate that I concentrated on beating her in a contest of strength, too.
Fiona: "I'll slice you to nothing!"
But Fiona had anticipated her defeat and launched a counterattack. One that didn't require much preparation.
It was the move I expected. She slashed at lightning speed for my ankles.
Senri: (Missed by a hair's breadth. She's not playing around at all, but I'm barely able to hold my own. She's pushing me back. The difference in our skill is more than I expected... but...)
The whole premise is different here. We're not having a simple swordfighting competition. I just need to be the last one standing. I aimed a kick for the back of her head, which was wide open—
Thump. My heart pounded. {That's what she wanted me to do}.
—But I obeyed my instincts and leapt back, at which point her foot shot out, followed by another flash of her sword. If I took the blow, the momentum would slide her sword over my pipe and into my legs. I couldn't deflect it completely.
In which case... I thought, hesitating for a moment. As soon as I came to a conclusion, I executed it.
Fiona: "Doubling the size...? Changing your weapon, eh?"
I increased the thickness of my weapon. No, it wasn't a weapon anymore, but a makeshift shield.
Fiona: "Is that alright? I'll cut right through it to you, you know."
Is she bluffing or not? Before I had time to think about it, Fiona had finished her lunge. The ice blade plummeted toward me like a shooting star. Her position seemed a little sloppy, but what about her confidence?
Fiona: "This is over."
Senri: "—?!"
It was already too late when I heard the destruction. Her ice blade exploded. The fragments flew toward my eyes.
Fiona: "Like I said, it's over. If you break it, ice can be used as a projectile weapon, even from up close."
Fiona: "Unlike that stick of yours, my weapon is a Magi, you know."
Senri: (They're light wounds. Light wounds, but I can't {make} light of them. Fiona's trying to get me bleeding—)
The tiny fragments of ice had torn up my forehead and eyelids. They were shallow but fatal wounds. Bleeding above the eyebrow was perhaps the most dangerous wound you could take in combat.
Fiona: "The more you move, the more your vision will be obstructed by your bleeding. Now you're down an eye too."
If I lose sight in one of my eyes, I can't defend against assaults on my blind spots. She'd emphasized the sharpness of her blade to distract me from her true aim.
To stop the bleeding, or get out of the range of her swords, I—!!
Fiona: "I don't pass up chances. This is where I break you."
Her sword danced and danced through the air. Each swing was logical, a flurry of attacks all aiming {fair and square} for my blind spots.
Magic doesn't do much good in extremely close quarters. I defended again with my newly formed ice shield.
My brain forecast death. That's how one-sided her strikes were. I was only defending against them because my concentration was raised to its limits on the brink of death.
Senri: (She'll stop sometime—)
She was pushing me up against the wall, but she couldn't keep swinging her sword forever without stopping for air.
Senri: (She'll stop... soon—)
Sometime—Sometime............... sometime?
Fiona: "I'll break you, just like this!"
She wasn't stopping. On the contrary, she was only speeding up. I was overwhelmed by the sheer number of strikes she could pull off in one breath alone.
I was slowly retreating. Blood soaked my eyes, but I forced them to stay open. If my concentration broke, it would all be over.
Senri: (That hellish training of hers...)
Fiona never shirked her training or desired any more from life than that. Her days were harsh, spent polishing her skills without ever resting. And fangs honed to that degree would never dull. Never betray.
I'll lose. At this rate, I'll lose. It will be a narrow if crushing defeat. The world of combat is a cruelly honest one.
Fiona: "This is it!!"
As long as I'm holding this shaft of ice with both hands to defend myself, I can't attack... That's what Fiona is thinking, and she's letting her guard down because of it.
{But she's wrong}. I can still attack.
The reason I put a hole in the center of this shaft of ice wasn't just to make it lighter.
Senri: "I won't let that happen."
A magic circle formed before my palm. The hole in the shaft was a pathway for a burst of flame in my opponent's face.
The flames mercilessly rushed toward Fiona's—?!
Senri: "She—"
Fiona: "I thought you'd pull something like that."
It was a feint. She was expecting me to hide some way to get out of a hopeless situation, and she retreated from her lunge.
Senri: (But she's stopped her assault. This is the only chance I have to get some distance between us.)
I couldn't spare the time to make an approach before jumping back. I was desperate, fearing further attacks from her. Knowing I'd be wide open in the air, I tried to make up for it by kicking off the wall to gain as much height and distance as possible.
Fiona: "Normally I wouldn't do things like this."
She didn't pursue and I landed easily. I'd escaped danger for the moment, but I didn't take my eyes off Fiona.
Fiona: "But this is where I grew up. This place is mine. I know everything that you could possibly try."
Fiona: "Fearing further attacks from me, I could easily guess that you'd kick off of the wall to gain as much distance as possible."
I remembered that Fiona's slashes were so swift they could trick your sense of pain. Her strikes were so sharp it took you a while to realize you'd been cut.
When you're cut with a blade, the second you feel that searing heat at the wound, it becomes pain.
Senri: "Should've known."
I felt that particular heat on the leg I'd used to jump off the wall. I can't check, but I'm sure I'm bleeding. Taking my eyes off her to check would mean my death.
Fiona: "Can you still move?"
Senri: (She hasn't cut the tendon. I {can} still move. But I can't do anything too strenuous.)
{I still have my legs}. I can feel them throbbing. She must have shaved some flesh off me, because they're functioning much worse than usual.
Senri: "That's enough of a handicap, probably."
She must have thought I was bluffing and found it humorous. Her narrowed eyes narrowed even further.
Fiona: "Your visibility's lowered, you can't use one arm, you're forced to fight without moving, and yet you're still so unruffled. You're always like this."
Senri: "Making a fuss won't solve anything. Losing my cool would only make the situation worse."
Fiona: "It's too bad, but there's no chance of you winning."
Senri: "What makes you say that?"
Fiona: "You don't know how your leg was cut."
She walked toward me defenselessly, as if the victor had already been decided.
I tried to back off the same amount of distance—
Senri: "...I fell for your trap, huh."
I returned my retreating leg to its former position before it could even touch the ground behind me.
Fiona: "This is my chance."
Senri: (When on earth did she set all this up?)
I felt heat behind me. The source of that heat was pain. I'd been pierced by the silver lines like spider's threads that had been set up all around me.
The threads were ice, strung up like piano wires. They were as sharp as Fiona's sword. These invisible threads surrounded me like a torture device.
Fiona: "These threads trap you in place... all 666 of them. If you move an inch, your flesh will tear, and if you writhe in pain you'll hit more of them and die in an awful dance of death."
If she'd set up this trap before I came here, I should have noticed it no matter how distracted I was. And Fiona herself could have hit one while we were moving around fighting earlier.
Then, she set these up in whatever spare moments she had while we were fighting...?
Is that possible? Is something like that... possible? If it were, that would mean that even while we were fighting, she had the leeway to put this trap up. If she'd spent that effort on striking me more instead, she would have been able to break through my defenses.
Fiona: "I had a single grave disadvantage:"
Fiona: "The fact that I have to bring you back with me without killing you, for the experiment. That's why I took the time to trap you in a cage like this."
Fiona: "If you'd realized I was taking all that trouble not to kill you, you wouldn't have fallen for a trap in the first place."
You're capable of all this, Kousaki Fiona Annabel?
Senri: "You've left an impression on me after all. You're a good woman, kiddo."
Fiona: "And here I am thinking the opposite. That's all the man you are?"
If I make any wrong moves here, I'll be shredded. The space I can move in is incredibly tight. Can I even manage to move my arms and legs at all...?
When my legs were frozen at the lab, I was able to negotiate since I'd opened the monster's cage beforehand, but now I'm in a situation where tricks like that won't work.
Senri: (Now then... is this it...? Finally?)
{I've finally, naturally, been driven into a corner}.
Fiona: "Now that I've really got you, I can go back to the organization with my head held high, proud to be Sensei's daughter."
Senri: "If you'll be happy with that, kiddo, I'll be able to rest in peace."
Fiona: "......"
Senri: "I'm sure the man who wished for your life to be full of happiness at the very end of his is satisfied too, kiddo."
Fiona: "Kiddo, kiddo, kiddo—shut up already! I'm telling you I won't fall for that!"
Fiona's lying. My words were clearly having an effect on her. The way she clutched at herself with those trembling hands was proof of that.
Fiona: "Haah... ahh... ngah! Mgh, crunch, crunch, crunch!"
She took several candies in hand and devoured them. Crunch, crunch, crunch. She devoured them like a drug addict at the end of her rope. Crunch, crunch, crunch.
A powerful gust of wind blew through the second story and Fiona's gaze flashed upward. She looked back right away, probably determining that I'd only opened a window earlier to pretend I'd escaped.
Fiona: "All I need is the taste of despair. That despair will drive me to fulfill my missions, which will prevent any further despair."
Fiona: "Whatever that lunatic wailed about on his deathbed has nothing to do with me."
Senri: "...What, were you lamenting the priest's death?
Senri: "He may have died, but it's not like you killed him. That was just karma."
Senri: "All of your work furthered your plans, and as a result, sacrifices have been made. An innocent victim lost his life over something stupid, but none of that's directly linked to you."
Senri: "Or are you worried about some {little thing} like the death of one fool instead of your grand plans to prevent despair?"
Fiona: "Little...?"
Senri: "Hm? He was a good talker, but it's not like he was doing anything that would make a difference. What does it matter that he's not around anymore?"
Senri: "You pretended to be close to him while you were playing sister for your mission, but you weren't really friends, were you?"
Fiona: "Shut up!"
Senri: "You don't have to yell."
Fiona: "Be quiet! I'm not angry! I won't feel anything. I won't think anything."
Senri: "Really? To me it only looks like you're trembling while trying to hide your fear."
Fiona: "Quiet."
Senri: "You can only keep a hold on yourself by abandoning thinking entirely, right? You're just avoiding reality by obeying what someone else says, aren't you?"
Fiona: "Shut up...!"
Senri: "And what if I don't? Are you going to kill me {too}? Like you have been until now."
My raised voice was almost drowned out by the howling wind. And that's when something happened to take Fiona by surprise.
Fiona: "—What... is this? ...Powder, coming from the second floor?"
Senri: "So, it finally {melted}."
Fiona: "Senri... What did you do?"
As Fiona threatened me with her ice blade, I ignored her and lifted my arm dramatically.
Senri: "Didn't you hear the noise of ice sliding when you came back here?"
Senri: "I filled a box of ice with flour, then left it somewhere where the wind was strong. After opening a window for some fresh air, see."
Fiona: "So what...? I'd understand if it was nerve gas or something, but you really think you can do something to me with flour?"
An eye for an eye, a trap for a trap. When we split up, I found flour in the kitchen that was still good.
Senri: "You've at least heard of dust explosions, I imagine."
Senri: "They occur when powder in the air catches fire and that combustion spreads into an explosion."
Senri: "I'd say the chances are about 50/50. I've got another block of ice with gasoline in it melting up there, so if there is an explosion, the whole mansion'll go up. You didn't notice the smell?"
Fiona: "...Can you do that?"
Senri: "I won't be able to negotiate if the powder settles. Bind your own arms in ice, now."
—Dust explosions don't actually happen all that often in reality.
Not only would it be next to impossible to seal up a large area, getting enough powder to cause an explosion would be difficult too. That's why you only hear about them happening in flour mills, sugar refineries or coal mines.
But their might is well-known. Showy explosions like that are right at home in fiction. Stories about them, while ubiquitous, are slightly exaggerated.
This little production is just something to increase my bargaining power. In an extreme situation, just talking about living or dying can act as a deterrence.
Senri: "Hurry it up. Even if you get lucky and survive—I'll die for sure."
Fiona: "...! ...! ...!!"
Fiona had said she wouldn't think, but right now, I could see plain as day that she'd been driven into a maze of her own thoughts.
(What'll he do what'll he do what'll he do? What's he gonna do what'll he do? I have to capture him alive. An explosion. Senri can't move. If there's an explosion, he'll die.)
(Stop it with magic? No. There's no time. Senri can cause a dust explosion with a swing of his hand. There's no time. He'll see through me if I move.)
(Can he really do this? Can he? There's no point in killing me if he dies too. He's bluffing. Bluffing? Is he really? Is he—)
—I could hear everything she was thinking.
"I won't think. I won't feel." Fiona had said. And she'd meant it. So why couldn't she act? Why was she thinking? I knew why.
Senri: (Fiona... you're too good.)
It was precisely because she was good that she wouldn't act on a "most likely." Flip that over and it means she can't trust a "most likely"—and as soon as you get her thinking about it, she's less confident than ever.
Senri: "You've got two seconds. Get down on the ground and surrender."
Thinking thinking thinking. She scraped up all the information she could and came up with the best response possible—no. Rushed by the time limit, she could only come up with what she {thought} was the best response. That was all she could give me.
Fiona: "—{Just do it}."
She decided. Sweating while she did. Failing her mission would mean not being able to return to Inui's side.
Fiona: "{It'll never work}."
In other words—she'd lose everything grounding her.
Fiona: "Psychological warfare... that's your weapon. Manipulating people's thoughts with your words."
Fiona: "You threatened me with throwing away your life before, too. But you can't fool me anymore. I won't fall for it!"
Senri: "Oh yeah?"
Senri: "You're good with that?"
Fiona's breathing grew rougher. It was the fear of someone else having the power in a life-or-death situation. Because she was afraid, she acted as though she wasn't. She raised her voice, trying to shake off the fear.
Fiona: "There's not a single time... in my life... when things went according to plan... So this is within my expectations!"
Senri: "Let's go to hell together, then."
Fiona: "HaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaAAAAAaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!"
She let out a beast-like roar, instinctively trying to recover somewhat, psychologically, by way of shouting.
She slashed at the air as she screamed. The short movement shot off a shard of ice, and there was only one place she could be aiming at. All she had to do was cut off my arm before I could produce any flames.
I evaded the shard, which sliced through the wires around me and freed me. As soon as I was sure I could, I made a big show out of hitting the ground with the flames I'd produced.
Fiona put up her guard. And a dust explosion—
Fiona: "—?!"
—{Didn't happen}. And neither did the gasoline catch fire. All I'd done was send up some fireworks that could only be used as a diversion.
Senri: (I was waiting for this moment.)
I launched a swift attack in that one moment she was frozen by the flames.
Even if she realized it was coming, she was too late.
With all her attention focused on whether or not an explosion would happen, she hadn't considered at all what to do after that question was answered.
On the other hand, I was betting everything on {what would happen after that}.
Senri: "I took advantage of your devotion to your mission, and thus your shame in retreating."
I was already right before her eyes. Fiona had no way of countering me, instead taking a sloppy defensive stance.
From that expression, I ascertained the frustration and resignation of one who's lost, and while she stood there defenseless—
Senri: "You lose, kiddo."
I grabbed her... Held her, really. It was too gentle to describe it as a grab.
Looking objectively at the situation, I was embracing her, and no more or less than that. It wasn't a clinch hold like a bear hug. It was by no means a method of attack.
Fiona: "........."
I wasn't trying to get Fiona to let her guard down by doing something unexpected.
She must have realized that without doing something like this, I could have knocked her out in this moment.
{Still, this was all I did}.
Fiona's entire body remained stiff in my arms; she didn't budge.
Only time passed in silence.
Fiona: "What..."
She muttered as though in acceptance, half a minute or so after I'd embraced her.
Senri: "What am I holding you for?"
Fiona shook her head so slightly I almost missed the movement.
Fiona: "{What am I}?"
Fiona: "I survived the accident, but abandoned my humanity, and let someone else dictate my entire life..."
Fiona: "I realized so long ago that what Sensei was doing was wrong, but there was nothing I was better at than pretending I hadn't..."
Fiona: "I swore revenge against the society that caused such tragedies, even while I knew I was standing on the side producing them..."
Fiona: "I couldn't admit it. If I admitted it, it would crush me. The voices of the dead! The guilt! Even though I deserved it all. I knew it better than anyone, yet I averted my eyes—and abandoned the issue."
Fiona: "Is there anything else in the world so frail and stupid as me? What is this {thing} I've become?"
Senri: "You're human."
Senri: "I'm sure you don't know this, kiddo, but that thinking—it's completely ordinary for a human being."
Fiona: "Normal? What is... normal?"
Senri: "The only thing that's pure is the world; the people who live in it are different. We're all imperfect creatures, constantly selfish, occasionally cruel, and only kind when it suits us."
Senri: "You were terrified that acknowledging your guilt would destroy you, and tried to escape it to protect yourself. That's normal, kiddo. It's human."
Senri: "Underneath it all, you're nothing special. You're just an ordinary woman, with a little more magical talent than others."
Fiona: "...Even if that were true, and I were ordinary—the way I've lived hasn't been."
Fiona: "If I'm ordinary, then what do I do about the unordinary life I've lived? If I take responsibility for it, I'll break. I'll fall apart."
Fiona: "I was used by someone despicable and made so many people suffer, and now the regret—the resentment of my victims will break me."
Fiona: "All those souls will never forgive me!"
Senri: "What are you saying?"
Senri: "Of course someone like you would never be forgiven."
Fiona: "......"
Senri: "You may be an ordinary woman, but you've taken some things too far. It's just as you say: you've done things that you can't possibly take back."
Fiona: "...That's right. That's right, isn't it? Heheh... I've caused so much misfortune..."
Drip, drip.
She muttered that as though it had just come into her mind, like it was a poem.
She smiled like she was tired of life.
Fiona: "...Will you break me?"
This woman reached her limits a long time ago.
Yet she blotted out that fact with her "despair." She deceived herself over and over, and after all that deception, she was left exhausted, wishing she could just collapse, yet she continued forward without even trying to save herself.
Even though she'd started with such an impossible ideal—"I don't want anyone to experience the tragedy I did."
Senri: "Sorry, but I don't plan to."
Fiona: "......I see."
Senri: "There's no need to, after all."
Senri: "There's no hope for people who are rotten to the core, but it's different for those who were merely warped by some idiot with bad taste."
Senri: "Say, Fiona. {Where's the real you}?"
Fiona: "The real me... I'm... I use magic... to bring down the hammer on magical society..."
Senri: "Then you can say that that girl at the church was nothing but an act?"
I value information. I was always watching Fiona, and there were several things about her I couldn't understand.
She'd shut Noah out of the lab.
She'd specifically chosen to soak strawberries in honey to recover her fatigue.
She'd gotten emotional over the priest's unfair demise.
Fiona: "I don't know. Just what are you trying to say...? I don't understand what you want from a thing like me."
Senri: "When you were working at the church, there were always people around you. You were making people happy just by being there."
Senri: "You said you couldn't understand the priest, who thought so much of others, but you were accomplishing the same things he was, weren't you?"
Senri: "That girl devoted to her work, always putting others before her without even knowing it—that's the real you, isn't it?"
Fiona: "The real me..."
Senri: "You said you were just playing the part of a sister. But even if you were faking it, the effect you had on your surroundings was real, kiddo."
Senri: "The you right now and the you at the church. Which one did you enjoy more?"
Her eyes were like the dead, but a faint light soon entered her empty gaze. She had nearly given up on everything, but that light wasn't clouded at all.
Fiona: "I... tried to save it..."
Fiona: "A stray cat the priest was taking care of... I used my magic... so that it wouldn't get run over... even though there was nothing in it for me..."
I hadn't heard this before. She may have been making it up. Still, I stayed silent and nodded.
Fiona: "Is {something like that}... enough? It's nothing extraordinary, nothing that would change society..."
Fiona: "Just things within my reach... Protecting people, or making them smile... even if it's not a tenth of the amount of people who have died because of me..."
Fiona: "Would I be allowed to do {things like that}?"
Senri: "If you asked me, I'd have to say you wouldn't."
Senri: "People like us, who have sacrificed things for their own goals and are despised because of it, don't have any reason to let what other people think of them dictate their actions anymore."
Senri: "Since no one else can ever forgive you, you're the only one who can."
Senri: "Even if not a single person in the world forgave you after hearing your story—you, at least, have the right to forgive yourself."
Fiona just went down the wrong path. She was twisted so much that she had to. If she's straightened out again, she can keep moving forward.
After all, she's never cut corners when doing anything.
Senri: "To start with, why don't you make Noah some shaved ice?"
Senri: "She was the first one who praised your magic for something other than fighting, right?"
Fiona: "She was... Senri. Thank you..."
Fiona was trembling. She was overcome with emotion. She returned my embrace tightly, so I was as gentle as possible with her in response.
Fiona: "You were... really watching me, weren't you...? If you weren't, I'm sure your words wouldn't mean as much to me as they do..."
Fiona: "Even if you weren't really trying to save me, but just get a member of the organization on your side—it wouldn't change the good you've done me."
Senri: ".........Oh... so you figured it out."
She'd realized I wasn't being kind to her out of the goodness of my heart or any sort of affection.
Senri: "I only work for my own gain. My only ally is myself, and I won't act if there's no benefit in it for me."
Senri: "I'm doing the same thing Inui is. I'll use anything I can."
Senri: "I only embraced you because your mask was already coming off, and I reasoned that you wouldn't be able to attack someone who wasn't resisting."
Fiona: "That's right. You're always so calculating."
Senri: "You can't betray me anymore. That's what I think, and I'm even sure there's nothing wrong with telling you that."
Fiona represented valuable fighting power for Inui, and I saw merit in bringing her over to my side.
It would have been easy to beat her in combat, but I purposely took damage. I purposely made it a close fight. I purposely wore at her nerves. Purposely embraced her and acted as if I was thinking seriously for her sake.
Purposely purposely purposely purposely purposely purposely purposely purposely purposely purposely purposely purposely purposely purposely purposely purposely purposely purposely purposely purposely—because I had predicted this outcome.
Because I was certain I could break Inui's brainwashing by sharing the things she'd carried by herself all this time and leading her to a solution.
Fiona: "Even if this was all just part of your calculations... I don't care."
Her eyes, filled with light, pierced through me.
Fiona: "From now on, I decide who I am."
Now that she's obtained an unshakable sense of self, she seems too bright to someone like me, who lives in the shadows.
Fiona: "I'm going to collect things that I think are important. Until a day when I can forgive myself."
She's not throwing away her guilt. She's resolved to live her life carrying it with her.
Senri: "...Seems like I'll be the only one going to hell at this rate."
Fiona: "...Excuse me, where do you think your face is right now? Will you let go of me already?"
Senri: "Well, it's not that simple..."
Fiona: "Huh—?"
Senri: "I made one error in my calculations."
One of the reasons I'd embraced Fiona was to draw out her emotions, but... that wasn't the reason I was putting all my weight on her now.
Senri: "I thought I knew just how good a fighter you were, but I guess I still ended up underestimating you somewhat."
Fiona: "I forgot... Don't push yourself, then. I'll lend you my chest, just this once."
Her ice had been slowly chipping away at my stamina all throughout the fight, and now I was so exhausted I couldn't move a muscle.
All the damage I'd accumulated was taking its toll now on my whole body. This had been a bet as well. If I hadn't been able to persuade Fiona, I'd have died a pointless death.
Fiona: "—? Where's that sound coming from...?"
Senri: "...? What is it...?"
Flames burst from one of the hallways. They crept up pillars and furnishings, burning up this place full of Fiona's memories. It couldn't have been the "fire" I'd prepared, of course.
Senri: (The clone I left to Fiona must have set the fire and run.)
Shaken as she was by the priest's death, Fiona wasn't in a state of mind where she could finish him off.
He probably recovered from the brink of death and escaped through a window. She'd said he'd been strengthened with a Neocrystallization, and now we were paying for underestimating his tenacity in that state.
Senri: "We screwed up. It's spreading too fast—the gasoline I prepared for my bluff must have caught fire. Fiona, we've gotta get out of here."
Fiona: "......"
Senri: "Are you listening to me?"
Fiona: "Yes, I'm listening. I can hear the fires of hell all around us."
Senri: "What are you talking about?"
Fiona: "Don't worry, I'll get you out of here."
Fiona held up her hand and the front entrance glimmered. She must have lifted whatever trap she'd set on the entrance.
By the time I felt her grabbing me by the wrist and hurling me, I'd already landed outside.
Senri: "If you forgot something in there, leave it. It'll all be for nothing if you die."
I lay in the entrance. This was outside of my calculations. I bent my knee to go after her, but stopped when I saw Fiona standing just before the grand staircase.
Fiona: "Selfish is... exactly right, yes."
She was smiling. She looked positively demonic, sneering amid all those flames.
Fiona: "I guess they're just so full of resentment they can't stand to see me go out and pretend to be a good person after all this time."
Fiona: "They're desperate to tear off that mask of mine. The dead cling to me, trying to drag me down with them."
Senri: "The dead can't touch you, Fiona. That's only the blame you put on yourself wrapped around your legs. It's the blame that's making you think that way and rooting you in place."
Fiona: "I'm not rooted. I can move. I can shake them off and leave. But I won't. I'm staying here of my own will."
Senri: "There's no way of repenting more irresponsible than suicide."
Fiona: "Oh, I'll repent. I'm just hardening my resolve."
Fiona: "This is the only place I can settle things with the sinful Fiona that Inui created."
Fiona: "I don't need something like this Magi anymore now that I'm done with fighting. I'm leaving it here along with my past self."
The time she'd spent with Inui, the time she'd spent devoted to her revenge, it all burned away in these flames of hell.
Fiona: "'Old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new.'"
Fiona: "The only thing I'm leaving in the flames is the me from up until now. The {me from now on} will definitely come back to you."
Senri: "Well, you've already died once in the Fall of Icarus. Guess it's not too much trouble to die once more."
Fiona: "Let's meet again."
Fiona faded away in the flames.
The flames showed no signs of fading, and they transformed the mansion. Like a giant creature with digestive juices spilling from its mouth, they swallowed up the whole building.
Senri: "...Guess I can't call you {kiddo} anymore, kiddo."
A survivor of hell brought her second life to a close.
Forgiving herself for her own sin, and swearing a vow on her new life—
====================F012.TXT====================
My days spent at the church could be described as days spent praying.
Atheist that I was, I offered up prayers exactly as I'd been taught them.
The Fall of Icarus was a {crime} with zero survivors. The Lord abandoned sinless innocents, and the people who plotted the conspiracy are still carefree and alive today.
Therefore there is no God, prayers have no meaning, and there's no power in hope—that's what the me up until now would have thought.
People are not born equal.
And prayer isn't just something you do to ask God for something good to happen.
It's gratitude. You pray when there's something you feel you need to be thankful for.
Because even if the world isn't fair, you're the one who decides whether you're happy or not.
Fiona: "........."
I finished my silent prayers after what seemed like an eternity.
I decided I wouldn't forgive myself, but I also decided to allow myself to save someone else. I decided to spend the rest of my third life focused solely on forgiveness.
Fiona: "'Anything is fine, as long as you walk the path you think is right.' You said that, didn't you?"
Fiona: "...Father. All the people you would have saved were you alive... I'll save them in your stead."
Fiona: "I have no weapons to fight with, but I've been blessed with the power of magic to protect the weak."
Fiona: "...If I grow tired on my journey and lose my way again... please lead me."
I had no regrets at the church, where the real me was raised.
I'd left my Magi in the study where the temporary me had been raised.
Fiona: "This just suits me. I really liked these clothes."
This habit was full of the experiences that had been most meaningful to me, though I'd thought at the time they were worthless.
Fiona: "......?"
There was one thing remaining from my previous life.
That candy was the one flavor I could still feel after losing my sense of taste. The flavor of the despair I tasted on that plane only served to motivate me to take my revenge.
But what flavor does it have now?
Fiona: "...Mm... ph... mn......"
Noah: "Fiona, Fiona, Senri's calling. He says he'll leave you behind."
Fiona: "Heheh... Heheheh......"
Noah: "Is it absitively just too tasty...?"
Fiona: "It's just been so long since it's tasted {sweet}."
Noah: "Fiona's a sucker for suckers! Fiona's a sucker for suckers!"
She's incomprehensible as always, but I've begun to understand that Noah's completely free in what she does and says. She's true to herself. She lives a refreshing life that doesn't tire her.
I can do the same. Because the face I wore at the church that I'd thought was fake, that I'd created by-the-book, was the real me after all.
Senri: "How long are you going to make me wait? I won't say we need the extra time, but at least consider that we've got other plans."
Fiona: "Slurp. Mm... Senri!"
Catching the candy I'd tossed to him, Senri gave a rare frown.
Fiona: "Oh, is that sticky? Heheh, you can have it! It's the last one, and it was just in my mouth, you know?"
Senri: "...We'll stand out if you're out and about in those clothes. You can wear your usual ones, can't you?"
Fiona: "When I decide to do something, I'm the type who likes to start with my appearance. And we've got different goals, don't we? We just happen to be at the same place at the same time, but we're acting separately."
Senri: "...So I'm the only one being rude here. Let's go, Sister Fiona."
Senri left the church with the candy in his mouth, and Noah and I followed.
While we were out at the Inui estate, Noah was suffering from her condition again back at home, so Senri said he wants to keep her within reach from now on.
We're going to be undertaking a dangerous strategy now, but he's still taking her with us, either because he's confident he can protect her—or because he's going to use her as bait.
Fiona: "I'll be your backup."
Senri's battle isn't over. He doesn't know how to stop. Whatever's waiting for him at the end of that unflagging conviction of his attracts me to him like a magnet.
What he's sticking his nose into is sure to involve everyone around him, whether he likes it or not.
But no matter what happens, I won't hurt anyone. I'll move according to my own will, to minimize the damage as much as possible. I'll protect what I can, with that will of mine.
Fiona: "Alright... let's do this thing!"
I pumped myself up, proactive as I was when I was here at the church.
It's alright, even if my hands are dirty.
It's alright, even if I was fatally flawed.
Even still, I've allowed myself to be myself.
The sinful sister, Kousaki Fiona Annabel—her journey of atonement starts here.
====================G001.TXT====================
Shioriko: "...Just broke two million total views, including mirrors. The power of the net is truly fearsome."
Shioriko: "It's the freshness of the catch that determines the fate of an article. And once you've got a target, you either gnaw it down to its bones like a piranha, or it rots."
Shioriko: "Well... I'm three hours into this stakeout. If they're gonna move, they should be using this route... ah! I've got a bite!"
Shioriko: "Senri-san, they're moving. I'm sending you a picture of the vehicle, but it could be a decoy."
Shioriko: "They went right without stopping at the light, so I'm sure they're headed for the bridge. It's up to you now."
Shioriko: "...I'm impressed it's all going according to his plan so far. Guess I won't be getting any sleep for a while yet."
I intercepted the communications inside the vehicle and confirmed that its purpose coincided with mine.
Senri: "—No question. That's the car."
The unique armored vehicle and its plates both matched the images sent to my terminal. There must be a safe in the back of it.
Fiona: "Wait, how are you picking up their communications? It's like magic."
Senri: "What kind of a question is that? We're mages, aren't we?"
Conceding that fact with a smile, Fiona took her eyes off of the armored vehicle speeding by.
Fiona: "Lemme see that."
Fiona sidled up to Noah and grabbed the terminal from me.
She went to a video hosting site and found in its latest suggestions countless uploads of {the video}.
Kamidate's original upload had been deleted, but word had spread faster on social media than could be removed.
Noah: "'Nasty lmao,' 'this facility's shut down after an accident right now, y'know,' 'this for real?'"
Fiona: "'This seems legit,' 'What are these experiments? Waste of tax money, I'm sure,' 'this is hella wrong, yo.'"
The two of them spouted off comments on the videos like a text-to-speech program.
The video—it was edited by Kamidate from the footage I'd sent her of the experiment site Fiona had lured me to.
Fiona: "They say 'when life gives you lemons,' but I think you're really too good at this lemonade thing, Senri."
Senri: "I just took the footage since I thought it'd have some use. Even if I didn't know what you were up to, it could be a helpful weapon later."
Fiona: "You cling to whatever will get you more information even when you should be focused on the people around you. You really don't ever let up, huh?"
Noah: "'Fragments?' 'Those things they were collecting? So they're up to something with those after all?' 'They're making those Neocrystallizations, right?'"
Fiona: "...Some of these comments are definitely fake. Neocrystallizations came up way too suddenly."
Senri: "Couldn't just leave it all to her. I gave her a little help of my own."
Noah: "'Need volunteers for your experiments? I'm ready to stop being human,' 'a Neocrystallization is born!!' 'What are they using the things they make in these experiments for?'"
Fiona: "Good editing. It cuts out everything but the bare minimum of information needed, but since it still paints a clear picture, it has a lot of impact. There's been a big response too."
Noah: "'Could we do this if we had Fragments too?' 'Wanna go nab some?' 'Where do they keep 'em?'"
Fiona: "So sensing something behind all this, Inui gets worried about where the Fragments are currently stored, and decides to transport them somewhere more secure."
Fiona: "He's playing it safe, considering I've left the organization with inside knowledge of what they're up to."
Senri: "—And with that, we've got a fool on the line."
Calling them "human experiments" without any embellishments made the ethical issues clear.
If you put the video together with the supplementary information at hand, it was easy to make the leap to the Ministry of Magic—and Inui's conspiracy.
Fiona: "If you steal the Fragments, you can negotiate directly with Inui. That's what you're after."
Senri: "I do feel like this is a little too easy, though."
"Fragment"
"OutCast"
"Neocrystallization"
These words were rapidly climbing the search rankings online.
Senri: (I won't let them get away...)
They've betrayed the people they were supposed to serve. I was sure the Ministry of Magic was in an uproar trying to quell unrest.
Senri: "...Glug... glug... glug...... You're not getting away."
I polished off my Re:D Elephant.
Those words came unconsciously from my lips. It wasn't like me to get so passionate. A heat gushed up in me, so ardent as to make the chill winter winds feel pleasant on my skin.
Noah: "Let's pursue, let's do."
Senri: "Right."
A heartrending scream echoed through the room. A conclusion none of us had desired lay before our eyes.
Akeno-san didn't move an inch, a fragment of her Magi piercing her breast.
Why did someone have to stab Akeno-san? And why did it have to be Riku-chan...?
Ruu: "Aww, and she wouldn'ta died if she'd just done as we said, too."
A familiar girl with an eccentric appearance stood at the door to the room. It was so sudden that I didn't recognize her right away.
But soon enough, I was sure that it was the girl who'd called herself Ruu standing before me.
Ruu: "It's her fault, you know. She had her guard up so tight I couldn't get near her! I had to borrow your little friend's hands to do it with."
Haruto: "What are you..."
Ruu: "For you, fella, I'll tell you special. Ruu has the power to manipulate people's memories."
Haruto: "Manipulate memories...?"
Ruu: "Yep. So I changed her perspective a teensy bit, and had her kill the lady in my place."
Haruto: "But that's..."
Ruu: "Impossible, right? That's right, isn't it? There isn't any magic like that, after all."
Ruu: "But if there were some other power than magic, it'd make sense, wouldn't it?"
Haruto: "A power other than magic...?"
Ruu: "Oh, you'll understand one day, fella. I mean, it'll be a problem for us if you don't, y'know."
As she gave me a smile full of hidden meanings, several figures ran into the room from behind her and spread throughout it. They were armed BURST personnel, and they were pointing their weapons at us.
Ruu: "We had reason to let you roam free until now, but I suppose it's time to take you in."
Ruu: "Sooo, I hope you'll come quietly now, kiddies. If you use those pretty arms and legs of yours to fight back, I'll rip 'em off, 'kay♪"
Behind her smile, madness stared us straight in the face—contrary to her sweet appearance, she wielded an authority that brooked no resistance.
And even if I wanted to resist, I could barely move after that fight.
I couldn't let her take me—there was a lot I didn't know about her, like why she was after me or what her relationship with Akeno-san was... but at least, there were alarm bells going off in my head.
Ruu: "Oh my, what do you think you're up to?"
Asahi's thighs slowly left their place underneath my head. She rose and stood calmly in front of us, as if to shield us from danger.
Asahi: "I won't let you take Haruto."
Ruu: "You think you can take on this many?"
Asahi: "That doesn't matter. If I don't try, I won't get anywhere."
Ruu: "I see, I suppose I'm impressed. You really do share the same blood, don't you?"
Asahi: "Blood...?"
Ruu: "Oopsy! That's still a secret. Please forget I said that. Actually, why don't I just make you?"
Her right hand rapidly rose into the air. Responding to the signal, BURST started closing in on us, still aiming their weapons our way.
Ruu: "We wouldn't want you getting in the way of our plans anymore, so why don't we just delete all this unpleasantness, hm?"
Asahi: "I won't hand Haruto over to you!"
A pure white light covered everything I could see. I knew what it meant from experience.
Asahi: "Get up, Haruto! We're running!"
Haruto: "B-But we can't just leave Riku-chan!"
Asahi: "If she's alive, we'll have another chance to save her! Worry about yourself for now!"
I took Asahi's hand and finally pulled myself to my feet. At that moment, my body was informing me of its limits. I had no other options.
BURST Member A: "Hey, did you find 'em?!"
BURST's shouts echoed in the quiet night.
Asahi: "Does it hurt anywhere?"
Haruto: "I'm alright. I'm still pretty weak, but it's getting better."
I couldn't boast much with Asahi lending me her shoulder, but the situation called for a little exaggerating, I think. We couldn't rest yet, after all.
Haruto: "We have to go save Riku-chan."
Asahi: "Not with you like that. They've got numbers on their side."
Haruto: "But we can't just abandon her. Now's the time we need to be by her side the most."
Asahi: "Well, I'm not letting you go."
Asahi blocked my way, spreading her arms in front of me.
Haruto: "Why are you stopping me? Aren't you always the one who charges forward without any fear?"
Asahi: "Courage isn't the same as recklessness. If you really want to save Atorin, you have to control yourself."
I guess she won't let me go no matter what. The eyes before me were filled with the determination not to let anyone past.
???/Akatsuki: "You haven't changed."
Haruto: "—?!"
A third voice, one that I couldn't possibly be hearing—I reflexively spun around and found a figure slowly emerging from the shadows of the buildings around us.
His outline became clearer in the moonlight. On his face, he wore a nostalgic smile I'd seen countless times before.
Akatsuki: "Hey, long time no see. I'm relieved to see you haven't changed much. Still reckless as ever."
Haruto: "Akatsuki, what are you doing here...?!"
Akatsuki: "What's a magic criminal doing out of the slammer, you mean?"
Akatsuki: "Well, I did my time, of course. They let me out early on good behavior."
He was completely unchanged from how he was a year ago—it took all I had not to lose myself in the nostalgia of the moment.
Haruto: "But how'd you know where I was...?"
Akatsuki: "It was always my job to gather information, wasn't it? Though frankly, I'm surprised to see the situation you're in."
Akatsuki: "I tried to get in contact with you, but you were all 'MIA' and 'whereabouts unknown.' What a bother."
Haruto: "I... sorry. But there was a lot going on..."
Akatsuki: "From the state you're in now, I can't imagine that should be in past tense, huh?"
That sigh and smile of his instantly bridged the gap of time between us.
Akatsuki: "I'm here to save you, matter of fact."
Haruto: "Save me...?"
Akatsuki: "BURST's all around, on the lookout for you, right? But you don't want them to catch you, do you?"
Haruto: "Of course not. I have things I need to do."
Akatsuki: "Then you should lay low until things settle down around here. Don't you think?"
Haruto: "......"
Akatsuki and Asahi had both given me the same advice. And I knew they were right. If we rushed in without a plan and failed, we wouldn't get another chance.
Asahi: "Do you have a plan?"
Akatsuki: "I met this guy at the magic penitentiary. He was doing some work you can't really talk about in public and, well, he got caught for that..."
Akatsuki: "But I asked him for help. He's got a boat waiting at the harbor that'll get us off the island."
Asahi: "We're taking a boat...?"
Akatsuki: "You might not know this, but there's a curfew in Agartha right now."
Akatsuki: "Since there might be terrorists around, you know."
Haruto: "I don't suppose those terrorists are..."
Akatsuki: "Well, I dunno any of the details, but I'm sure it's kind of hard for you guys to remain here."
I didn't know things had gotten that serious... I guess considering who we're up against, it wouldn't be that hard for them to do something like this.
Akatsuki: "I'll draw BURST's attention, so you take that opportunity to get outta here."
Haruto: "You're not coming with us...?"
Akatsuki: "The more of you there are, the more you'll stand out, which'll make you easier to catch."
Akatsuki: "And I'm just a supporting character in the hero's story, y'know. I don't wanna be in the middle of all this."
Akatsuki: "I'm not going right back to the slammer after I just got out. Alright, you two, get going."
Haruto: "......"
Asahi: "What do we do, Haruto...?"
We can't waste Akatsuki's good will when he's helping us without even thinking of the consequences. If we need to regroup now to achieve our objectives, then that's what we should do.
Haruto: "Alright, let's do as Akatsuki says."
Asahi: "...If that's what you've decided, Haruto, I'll go too."
Haruto: "Asahi...?"
She sounded just a bit hesitant—and she wasn't looking at me, but Akatsuki.
Akatsuki: "You and she have gotten awfully close. Guess you were perfectly fine without me around, huh?"
Asahi: "You're on Haruto's side, is that right? Can we trust you?"
Haruto: "Of course we can. Akatsuki's my friend—"
At that word, "friend," memories of that night flashed through my mind.
He needed me to be there for him, but I couldn't say anything. Can I still say we're friends—
Haruto: "Will I see you again when this is all over, Akatsuki?"
Akatsuki: "If you wish it, we'll meet again. You've got the power to realize the future you desire."
Haruto: "You put too much stock in me. You've always been like that."
Akatsuki: "It's a hero's job to live up to expectations. What would the name 'Super Haruto' mean otherwise?"
Haruto: "I keep telling you not to call me that."
That nostalgic exchange was comforting, but now was no time to be indulging in such reminiscences.
Haruto: "We'll get going, then. Don't be reckless, Akatsuki."
Akatsuki: "I would never be reckless. Not unless I was with you, that is."
With some words of parting to Akatsuki's back, Asahi and I ran off into the dim alleyways.
It had been a few minutes since the car had disappeared into a warehouse. We could hear what sounded like the unloading of cargo and several voices talking amongst each other.
Fiona: "They finally stopped. I thought they were traveling for an awfully long time, and look where we end up."
Noah: "Harbor. Boats. Warehouses. The game is afoot."
Fiona: "They gonna pack 'em into some shipping containers and send 'em out of Agartha by boat?"
Senri: "Well, they're attempting to, at least. Let's nab them."
Fiona: "If we're right about this, there should be, well, a truckload of Fragments in there."
Senri: "Fiona, Noah—come with me."
I fired a warning shot to take them by surprise. Their work all stopped at once and I could clearly hear the shell tumble to the ground.
I could have used some flashy magic to get them to submit, but I figured a gun would be lethal enough.
Senri: "Good work, boys. Sorry, but there's been a little change to your contracts. Your new job's getting down on the ground with your hands behind your head."
Noah: "There will be no negotiation. I repeat. There will be no negotiation."
Fiona: "If you want to know how short a fuse this man has, then by all means, resist."
Senri: "Why don't we have a look inside that vault? You there, open it."
A man that had gotten out of the car nodded, a cold sweat on his brow, and went around to the back to open the vault—
Fiona: "...What kind of a joke is this? It's empty."
Noah: "Just like our hopes."
Senri: "What were you transporting, and under whose orders? Where'd your cargo go?"
???/Inui: "—Why don't you just accept the fact that there was nothing in it in the first place?"
Fiona: "...It can't be......"
Senri: "No, it can."
Who should appear then but the newly-appointed Minister of Magic, Inui Naochika himself, with guards in tow.
Inui: "I saw that little doctored video everyone's making a fuss about. It's not bad work. Was this plan yours too?"
Senri: "It was, Minister. I've been wanting to meet you. We were after much smaller game, but this is just as fortunate."
I was hoping stealing their Fragments would give me a bargaining chip to meet with Inui, but we can skip that step of the plan now.
Inui: "Inventiveness. Intelligence. Imagination. Ingenuity. And intentfulness. You truly are skilled. A capable man, just like I thought."
Senri: "Trying to brag that there's always somebody better, as the one who lured that capable man into a trap?"
Inui: "Until I actually met you, I was looking forward to seeing how frustrated you would be."
Inui: "But now it seems like me seeing through your plan to steal the Fragments was part of your calculations too."
Noah: "Yeah, Senri's like that."
A crease formed on Inui's brow when he heard Noah's out-of-place remark.
Inui: "...If it isn't my Lost Property. So it was in your hands."
Senri: "Lost Property...?"
Senri: "'Lost Property'? Whose?"
Fiona: "I don't know. Sensei just called it that."
Fiona: "The only other person who knew was that founder's aide at Next."
The Lost Property was Noah—and Inui hadn't informed Fiona of her identity.
Inui: "I see. This is an unexpected boon. I see that it can be nice to go out into the field sometimes."
Senri: "Noah, don't show your face. Stay behind me."
Noah: "Positutely! Noah'll be back here sniffing at Senri's coat."
Fiona: "......"
Inui: "Well done, Fiona. I knew my talented daughter would bring him to me alive."
Fiona: "...Yes, sir."
Senri: "Fiona...?"
Inui: "It's just as I told you in the study. I'm ready to welcome you back into the organization at any time, my daughter."
A conversation in the study—I'd heard she'd gotten in contact with Inui in his old mansion, but I wasn't aware of the details of their conversation.
Fiona: "Senri... How many times have I fooled you now? You should really learn at some point."
Fiona strolled over to Inui's side, an ice-cold smile on her face.
Senri: "......"
Inui: "This is too bad. It really is. You're a talented man, but I've got you surrounded already."
Inui: "And this is the end of the line for you."
With Inui's brisk snap as their signal, a BURST squad got into perfect formation around me.
Noah: "Senri, Senri. There's lotsa people here. A diamond dozen."
Senri: "Got the whole force out for me, eh? What a waste of tax money. You all must have been out here a long time in the cold, and just to catch me?"
Inui: "Not necessarily. They've been working on another mission as well."
BURST Member A: "Now move, rebels. And if you try to run, I shoot."
A boy and a girl were shoved out, almost kicked. I recognized both of them, but my eyes went to the boy.
Senri: "A clone... No, should I call you the Blue Blaze?"
Haruto: "...What do you know about me?"
His arms bound with magic shackles, the boy was surrounded by countless members of BURST... yet there was still life in his eyes.
Senri: "It's funny. They talk about you like you're pretty impressive, but all it took to grab you was these guys?"
Haruto: "......What would you know..."
Senri: "I can at least tell that you can't even escape from restraints like those on your own."
Outnumbered but unwilling to give up the fight, the boy had something unique driving him.
Haruto: "...I......"
Assisted in their escape, the two had come to the harbor believing in their friend's words.
Asahi: "Hey, Haruto."
Haruto: "See anything that looks like the boat?"
Unable to doubt his friend's words, Haruto searched for what he'd been directed to. Asahi, on the other hand, was full of doubt and suspicion, and slowly opened her mouth.
Asahi: "...He was your friend, and you decided to believe him, so I came with you, but..."
Asahi: "Can he really be trusted...? Can you truly be sure he wouldn't spin falsehoods?"
Haruto: "Why are you so worried? Do you have some reason to be?"
Asahi: "...No. But I have a feeling. That he was hiding the truth."
Haruto: "That couldn't be... Akatsuki would never deceive me. He was always helping me out."
Trust is always treated strangely. Sometimes it's commended, and sometimes you're berated as a fool for retaining it.
There isn't a clear line between the two outcomes, either. It almost depends on luck. Luck can change things considerably.
The straightforward, trusting boy was not at fault.
He was just unlucky—
Asahi: "Haruto, behind you?!"
Haruto: "Gwah?!"
The BURST officer who had soundlessly approached the boy brought down the butt of his gun with no hesitation.
In his fading consciousness surfaced the face of the boy he'd placed his absolute trust in.
Inui: "You can hit the girl with the non-lethal rounds. We're taking in both of them."
Receiving their orders, BURST closed in with their weapons drawn.
They were an elite force who had suppressed many magic disturbances with anti-OutCast knowhow and experience.
Internally, Senri was daunted by them. There were methods, like taking the head of their leader to throw them into disarray or attempting to negotiate—but he was just up against the wrong opponents this time.
Everyone knows of the authority of the Academy. Trying to take Inui Naochika's head would be nothing but an act of desperation.
He had practically no way of getting out of this. Senri's chance of survival rose if he used Noah as a shield, but he wasn't the kind of man who would do that.
Senri: "You guys've got family too, don't you?"
None of the officers would ever listen to his begging for pity.
They would never hesitate to apprehend a rebel.
Senri: "I don't mind you shooting me, but... it'd be awfully sad for all of you to get that posthumous two-rank promotion, wouldn't you say?"
Fishing for pity would never work on these skilled officers, but other suggestive statements were a different story.
Driven into a corner as he was, there still wasn't a bead of sweat on Senri's face, which caused a thread of unease to pass through the officers around him.
—{He's hiding some scheme}. The moment one of them had that suspicion, it spread among them so that they all began to hesitate.
Senri: "Maybe, it'll explode?"
At the suggestion of suicide bombing, all the fingers on their triggers froze like they belonged to plaster figures.
It was a reflex—a reflex from the fear of death built into us on the genetic level.
An explosion that could rock the whole harbor... Senri had nothing of the sort prepared.
But if you've got a first-class poker face, even a stupid bluff can quickly become a nuclear football.
Even if it was only for a moment, Senri had stopped BURST in its tracks with only his words. Someone, however, watched him from far in the distance through a scope.
It was a sniper. One whose maximum range easily exceeded 2 kilometers, if only with his specialized Magi rifle.
The sniper complimented Senri on his poise and clucked his tongue at BURST as they stood around like deer in headlights.
Ruu: "Senri's the real deal."
The voice, gooey and sweet, yet immature like unripened fruit, seemed to caress his throat as it entered his ear.
She was speaking to him through a radio, but he could hear her breathing like she was right next to him and it wasn't a sensation he particularly enjoyed.
Ruu: "Like you can see, the real deal's a lot of trouble. He takes control of the situation with just one line of nonsense. I think we need a little distraction."
A lot of people were about to die, but she paid that fact no mind—rather, her tone seemed to imply amusement. The sniper felt a visceral disgust as she spoke.
Ruu: "Okay, fella, you're up."
He gave a short affirmation just to end the conversation and cut communications after that.
The sniper's eyes changed in an instant.
He usually exuded an apathetic air, but when his finger touched the trigger, his concentration skyrocketed almost like he was another person entirely.
It was a necessary skill for an elite sniper, of course.
Sniper/Etoh: "......"
At that moment, a small spider crawled up the sniper's clothes and tickled his neck, but he didn't notice.
All five of his senses were concentrated on the single bullet he was going to shoot; he was focused only on incapacitating his target.
The world of sniping is a delicate, profound one, like a woman's heart.
If your bullet grazes a tree, its trajectory will change, and the speed and direction of the wind can influence its course a lot too. Then there's the fact that accidents are bound to occur as long as you're shooting at human beings.
So the sniper would never believe a colleague who boasted of a perfect kill.
He could of course aim for a more vital point—but the sniper instead aimed for the large area of his target's torso.
The bullet traveled its several-kilometer journey—and met with that target.
Senri: "?! A sniper—"
Senri only realized he'd been shot after the flesh had been ripped from his right thigh and his blood had splattered onto the ground.
That he was able to realize he'd been sniped so quickly was a product of his experience.
Noah: "Senri?"
Senri only grimaced a little at the burning pain, taking a few steps back to survey the situation.
Inui: "As you can see, people, he's a mere mortal, just like the rest of us. He'll go down if you shoot him. He'll cry and plead for mercy."
Inui: "You've seen plenty of them before, haven't you? He's just an ordinary OutCast."
With Inui's words, BURST regained control of both their senses and the situation.
Inui: "Take them. He has no plan."
Things moved quickly after that.
The nonlethal bullets used for criminal apprehension rained down on Senri, and given how many were fired, even they could fatally wound him depending on where they hit.
Everyone there expected Senri to fall.
They thought it was a future set in stone, that couldn't possibly change.
Senri: "Noah?!"
Noah jumped out to shield him.
Her body protected him, taking the rain of fire in his place.
—She'd end up full of holes.
BURST Member A: "No way..."
One of the officers said. The shock racing through his entire body slipped from his mouth in the form of words.
He wasn't trembling with emotion at the noble sight of the weak protecting the strong.
{He simply couldn't accept the irregularity of what had just occurred.}
BURST Member B: "The bullets—were stopped?"
The rain of nonlethal bullets had been stopped by a "film" that covered them like a dome.
It was a small fortress, with defenses and shock absorption capable of repelling bullets, like specially-treated rubber.
But it wasn't as if Noah had miraculously manifested a soap bubble in her pursuit of "spring."
Inui: "Did the Lost Property do that...?"
Senri: "Noah... that magic—"
Noah: "...Senri... was just in... trouble... A super thank you to Noah......"
Noah went right down to her knees like a machine low on battery power. At the same time, her superbly defensive "film" popped and Senri was exposed to danger once more.
Inui: "Take them."
Among the officers whose brains had stopped functioning during the fantastical scene, the most collected went and picked up the collapsed Noah.
Senri didn't even have the option to stop them from taking her.
The first reason for that was because he could barely move his leg, and the second was because he'd surmised from Inui's orders that he didn't intend to kill them.
In the end, the situation was only worsening.
Senri was left by himself, his leg injured, without the defensive "film" around him, and was unarmed as he stared down several gun barrels.
Haruto: "I won't... give up."
Suddenly one of the officers groaned and staggered. It was Mutsumi Haruto who'd acted.
A headbutt—all it took was crouching down and jumping up, but his spirit had brought him luck, and he'd ended up shattering the officer's jaw.
Inui: "Hold them down."
Even before Inui's short command, the trained officers were already moving.
Asahi: "Haruto?!"
Rikudou Asahi's sorrowful scream was in vain as an extendable baton crashed down on Haruto.
Without his magic, he was just a boy in the middle of growing up. He collapsed and lost consciousness, unable to even keep his stomach acid from spewing out as he went down.
However, his reckless courage {hadn't been in vain}.
In the fleeting moment everyone's attention was focused on him—there was one person acting in secret outside of everyone's notice.
BURST Member A: "—Hey, the girl's out of her cuffs! What's going on?!"
That naturally violent speed of hers—of Kousaki Fiona Annabel's—exploded.
Swiftly extracting the magic locks, she freed Asahi from her restraints.
At the same time, she predicted Asahi's escape route and froze the legs of the officers who would probably move to intercept her.
Freed from her restraints, Asahi's first instinct was to run to Haruto, but Fiona quickly stopped her.
Asahi: "Let me go! Haruto's—"
Fiona: "Shut up and escape with the man in the coat. You don't need to worry about him. He won't be dying anytime soon. It's you and Senri who could lose your lives here."
Fiona: "If you understand that this is a race against time, then you'll humor your rescuer, won't you? If you don't, this is all over."
Her naive thinking quickly checked, Asahi switched gears as best as she could. She had enough discernment to realize that following Fiona's instructions was the best thing she could do in that situation.
Asahi wanted to save Haruto more than anyone. That's precisely why she pushed down the impulse and shot off a tackle at an officer who wasn't expecting it.
She was at Senri's side in the blink of an eye, taking his hand. She must have some experience with magic, he thought, because unlike a normal person her age, she didn't seem as though she would be a hindrance to the situation.
Inui: "Fiona... let me ask, just in case. Does that man have something on you? Or have you lost your mind, perhaps?"
Fiona: "I suppose he does have something on me. It's the same as you, Inui. I owe him for saving my life."
Fiona had pretended to betray Senri to find some opportunity to save the boy and girl; now she smiled, her face the very picture of compassion.
Fiona: "In a situation with no out... a smart dog will roll over and bark."
Fiona: "But you know that's not right, don't you, Inui? I'm sure you're aware that it's not death that I fear."
Senri: "So she says."
Inui: "You must have enticed her to your side with that diplomacy of yours. Well, no matter. A pawn that's outlasted its usefulness isn't much different than a hazardous waste bin."
At this point, the officers who'd apprehended Haruto and Noah loaded them into the armored car.
They could leave the harbor at any moment as soon as Inui got in too.
Inui: "Let's let the authority of the state handle our traitor who clearly hasn't caused enough trouble yet."
Inui: "I'll only destroy myself being too greedy. Now that we have the subjects of our experiments, I don't need to tag along for your disposal, do I?"
Inui took his leave from the situation, and got into the armored car.
Leaving the cleanup to BURST, he chose to make it back with minimum achievements rather than obtain an overwhelming victory.
Asahi: "Ah! Haruto! They took Haruto away!!"
Senri: "We're going after them. Now that Fiona's broken their formation, they've got more targets to attack, and our chances of escape have gone up a few percent."
Senri: "It's up to you whether we put those to waste."
Asahi: "...I got it. Let's go."
BURST Member B: "After them! After them!!"
Asahi took off at full speed toward the shadow of the warehouse, and Senri followed as if to protect her unguarded back.
The officers who chased after them firing their Magi machine guns suddenly stopped in their tracks.
No—they had to stop when the path in between warehouses they'd fled into froze over.
Fiona: "Don't turn back. I'll handle things here."
Those who run, those who chase, those who hold the chasers off—she'd pulled the short straw herself, but she accepted her role without complaint.
So much so that it was a shame.
So much so that it was cruel.
This role suited her hopeless self so perfectly that she couldn't help smiling self-derisively at it all.
The ground had frozen. To be precise, a layer of thin ice had formed on the ground, but it hardly mattered. All the same, it was a trap that stopped BURST's forward charge.
BURST Member B: "It's slippery?! Then we'll—"
I prevented BURST from pursuing and provided cover for their escape. It wouldn't be simple to take on this many, but—
Fiona: (If I want to get this situation under control without hurting anyone, it's all up to me.)
I was unrivaled on the ice. Half of them fired their machine guns instead of chasing after me, but their bullets merely continued to miss their mark.
BURST Member B: "She's too fast... damn it, this is impossible! She's running with her back to us! Why can't we hit her?"
BURST Member A: "Whatever, just go after her. If you shoot blindly, you'll just hit our side."
Starting late is fatal in any and all contests. The half of them who'd made the decision to follow me too late were practically out of the race already.
I skated around them easily and slid faster than any of them down the frozen road.
This was the straight stretch of the race. The gap between us was widening, but the BURST officers were starting to get the hang of the chase.
Fiona: "I like how eager you are to chase me, but at that speed, can you put on the brakes?"
BURST Member A: "Don't move!"
Quickly reaching the goal, I began drawing the finish line for the officers who chased after me like a swarm of locusts.
I created a mound of snow and built it up taller, taller, taller, until it was a mountain itself.
If I could finish it, it would both divide me from them and create a large obstacle in their pursuit of Senri.
BURST Member A: "Now! Shoot! She's defenseless while she's building that!!"
Fiona: "No, I'll finish in time. I'm not some third-rate Caster who can't plan ahead."
—I thought they'd shoot. So I hadn't used the ice I specialize in, but a safer cushion of snow.
BURST Member C: "It's no good! The bullets get buried in the snow and don't go through to the other side!"
My ice is so strong it stops even BURST's lead bullets.
If one had ricocheted from it and injured someone, it would go against the path I've chosen. I'll do everything in my power to avoid despair happening before my eyes.
BURST Member B: "Aaaaaaaaaah!!"
The few who couldn't stop on the ice slid straight into the snow.
They probably only felt an impact like landing on a gymnastics mat, but that was all I needed to do to buy some time.
Things would go according to my plan if they just chose to take the long and arduous task of climbing over the mountain.
Fiona: "I hope you enjoyed your time at the skate rink!"
The end—though I knew it was dangerous, I still couldn't help but relax in that moment.
Fiona: "?!"
A bullet grazed my cheek. A sniper? Not in such a narrow path.
???/Yumi: "Looks like breaking it will be quicker than making it."
The frozen road had turned to sand. And the mountain I'd worked so hard to form turned to water in no time at all and was sucked up by the sand beneath it.
Yumi: "End of the line, Kousaki Fiona Annabel. Your little tricks won't work anymore."
Attribute conversion. A rare magic ability that had gotten Kohiruimaki Yumi recognized and granted the title of "Expert"—maybe she still held a grudge after what had happened at the lab.
I had resented her when I'd had to work with Inui to maintain my sanity, but that felt like an incredibly long time ago to me now.
Fiona: "You're just being used too, you know."
Yumi: "I don't listen to criminals."
The few who had followed me all the way here all took aim together. Looking at all the flashing muzzles pointed my way, I thought "timing is important, isn't it?"
Fiona: "Even after starting my third life, I suppose there's not a single time when things will go according to plan, is there?"
Realizing something was amiss, one of the officers lifted up his gun and started inspecting it.
Fiona: "Though that's why this is within my expectations."
{The time is ripe}, I thought.
BURST Member A: "When did—Nobody shoot!! The muzzles are frozen over, you'll fire a squib load!"
Yumi: "What? No you won't, you've watched too many movies. The pressure will blow that ice away easily."
Fiona: "True, it's not realistic to seal a gun barrel so that it'll explode, but—"
If they came to that conclusion, they'd shoot. And if they shot, {they'd fire a squib load}.
Fiona: "What about an icicle that's gone all the way down the barrel?"
Fiona: "Why don't you just shoot and find out? That's the simple way to do it. Only—you have but one life, so be careful."
I declared, planting the fear in them. The fear of risks, no matter how low the likelihood of them, makes people vulnerable.
BURST Member A: "........."
Sweat dripped in midwinter. I could almost hear their heart rates climbing.
If they shot, they could largely expect one of two outcomes. Either the combustion would have nowhere to go and the gun would explode... or the bullet would easily shear through the ice and hit me, its target.
But even if the probability was overwhelmingly weighted in favor of the latter option, to the people pulling the triggers, the odds may as well have been half and half.
They'd die, or they'd live—they could only imagine these two futures. That's the way humans are made.
Fiona: "Even with ten... no, a hundred more of you, you wouldn't stand a chance. You and your 'normal' mindsets couldn't ever compete with me."
I wasn't making fun of them. I genuinely wished for that. I didn't want any of them to have to go through what I had.
I earnestly wished their peaceful days would continue, so that none of them would have to become an "abnormal" beast like I did.
Fiona: "Well, I'm gonna make a run for it, but I'll just let you know first that none of you will be able to come after me with equipment like that."
If I devoted myself to running, lightly equipped as I was—there wasn't one of them who could keep up with the endurance and leg strength I'd polished for so long.
Fiona: "If any of you can keep up with me, I just might fall in love."
Yumi: "There's no need to listen to criminals. Let's pursue her."
Fiona: "Heheh, it's fortunate that I didn't have to hurt any of you. I appreciate all your hard work."
"May God's blessings be upon you"—were the officers dumbfounded as I prayed for them? I ran off before I could even see.
Yumi: "She neutralized all of our weapons? Up against all these opponents, she still got away...? Kh...!"
Yumi: "Kousaki Fiona Annabel is capable of all this—I suppose I had the wrong idea about her."
Fiona: "They're more persistent than I thought they'd be. I guess I was taking them a little too lightly— these guys have had some good training."
I was keeping them back with ice blockades, but they were keeping up their pursuit. With them all working together to surround me efficiently, I was slowly but surely being driven into a corner.
Fiona: "Using their numbers against me... That's pretty annoying. I don't have enough experience going up against groups."
I checked my path forward with darkness at my back.
Fiona: (There's... too many down this route too. At least five at a glance. I can hear them running, so I can't go that way now...)
Fiona: "—?!"
I made the mistake of leaving my back open. Someone covered my mouth and pressed something cold to my neck.
How? I am a little tired, but I was being plenty vigilant.
Who the hell—
We got out of the harbor, slipped past our pursuers' eyes, and finally relaxed in the shadows of some buildings.
Asahi: "Haah... haahh......"
Senri: (We may have lost them for the moment, but they're still on our tail. We don't have the time for a long rest.)
I couldn't send out an SOS to Kamidate either, since I couldn't get ahold of her. And there was only so long we could remain hidden.
Asahi: "I'm... Rikudou Asahi..."
Senri: "Don't talk more than necessary. Catch your breath. We're only working together until we escape their net."
The precious time Fiona had bought us was being squandered by this hindrance of a girl I had with me.
My interest in her was more than zero, since she had some connection to the Blue Blaze, but now wasn't the time for such things.
Asahi: "Hey... weren't you injured in all that?"
Senri: "When you have time to rest, rest with everything you've got. That's ironclad advice. We're getting out of here in less than a minute, so get ready to run in that time."
Needless to say, I'd done some stopgap hemostasis, though it barely even qualified as first-aid.
My leg would hold. The issue now was getting through the net they had around the industrial area. If we could get into a more urban district where there were more people, we'd be good.
Senri: "There are fewer of them..."
When you're surrounded, you basically have two options. Force your way through the shortest distance possible, or accept the loss of time in taking the long way through.
How would I move if I were BURST? How would I hunt us? How would I corner an OutCast with a powerless girl tagging along?
Senri: "........."
I took out a puzzle ring, solved it as fast as I could, and then reset it as fast as I could. I had my answer at the same time that I set my new record.
Senri: "It's time, let's go. This way."
I pulled the girl's arm after she'd caught her breath. I'd thought she'd follow me readily, but the girl planted her feet on the ground and kept still.
Asahi: "Wait."
Asahi: "......"
I'd thought she'd whine and say she didn't want to run, but contrary to my expectations, she looked back at me sharply.
Asahi: "{I feel like that's the only way we shouldn't go}."
Senri: "Whining? That's convenient. If I leave you here, I'll be a lot lighter on my feet."
When I let go of her arm, this time she grabbed mine. She used all her weight to prevent me from moving forward.
Asahi: "That's not it. The first route you suggested is no good. Think it over again."
Senri: "Suggested...? I made no suggestions. I just told you to come with me. If you've got some other idea, give it to me in under 10 seconds."
Asahi: "It's just a hunch. But it feels different than it felt before. It's more concrete... I can't explain it, but I just have a feeling."
Senri: "Understood."
Asahi: "...Thank goodness."
Senri: "I understand that you and I are fundamentally incompatible."
She had no plan. Had no idea which route I was planning on taking. She just blindly commanded me to disregard my current intentions. It was abnormal. I couldn't understand the mechanisms of this girl's thoughts.
Senri: "I don't have such a careless personality that I'd believe the baseless words of a stranger."
I don't like requests for assistance that don't offer anything in return, either.
Asking someone to trust you without explaining why is far too selfish.
Senri: "Just be quiet and come with me."
Asahi: "...I hope you meet with divine punishment."
She must not have liked the way I spoke to her. The girl was following me at a greater distance than before.
We passed over a few bridges to a place where there were countless paths to the station.
If they were planning to round us all up at the harbor, then they shouldn't have had time to get reinforcements from the city after we got away.
If they had anyone on these narrow paths, it would only be a few people, and we'd be able to force our way through in that case. Even if they found us here, if we could get into the city, we'd have a lot more area to work with.
Senri: "...Let's head closer to the station for now."
I beckoned to the girl hiding in the shadows and looked out at the street again, when—out they came. Officer after officer.
Senri: "........."
I heard footsteps behind us too. With walls to each side, we were caught in the worst possible kind of pincer attack.
Senri: (This is too precise. Did they know exactly where we'd go? Are they moving under Inui's orders...?)
There were enough people here I wondered if any other paths were even being guarded. And if they weren't—that made things a bit simpler.
Senri: (They didn't want us getting into the city.)
They abandoned all other routes and concentrated enough people in one place so that they'd be able to buy a certain amount of time here.
Their priority probably wasn't capturing us, but making sure that no one could interfere with whatever Neocrystallization experiments they'd be doing now that they had Noah.
Senri: (I'll think of this as a necessary expense.)
Life-or-death danger. I couldn't think of a countermeasure immediately, but with my failure, I was able to sense some of what Inui was thinking.
Asahi: "Look up!!"
Before I could come to a conclusion about how to get through this, what must have been the girl's voice cut through the air.
{I defied her words as if it were only natural, covering my face with my right arm}.
The flash thrown up into the air scattered like fireworks and rained down a light even brighter than a stun grenade.
There was no auditory effect, but the earnest officers who'd followed her command were temporarily blinded, covering their faces and groaning.
It was much more powerful than I'd been expecting and even after shielding my eyes, the scenery was somewhat blurry to me from the light that had gotten in through the gaps.
Asahi: "{We're pushing through}. Got it, Mr. Contrarian?"
The girl had come to my side at some point and told me this coolly.
Repeating her baseless warning, she had a swift countermeasure for this situation, as if she'd predicted it.
The girl and I {retraced our steps} and made sure there were no pursuers around us.
Asahi: "Hey... are you lonely, Mr. Contrarian?"
All I'd done was give her a look like she was a rare specimen, so I'm not sure how she'd reached that conclusion.
Asahi: "You're doing the opposite of everything I say. Mischief like that is a clumsy way to show affection. It means you want attention."
Senri: "I don't care one whit about that. How did you know that route would be dangerous?"
Asahi: "I don't know either. It wasn't in my diary, but... it seems like the same thing."
Senri: "...I got it. I won't ask anything else. So don't make me have to think more than I need to."
Asahi: "What do you mean?"
Senri: "Just what I said. So Asahi, how should we proceed for things to go in our favor?"
Asahi: "...Huh?"
Senri: "I don't care if your foresight is some natural instinct or something calculated based on your grasp of the situation."
Senri: "This experience matters more than any words. If we were saved, even without an explanation, then that's all I need."
Asahi: "I see. Then you should've just listened to me in the first place instead of showing off. Now we have to do this all over again."
Senri: "......What?"
Asahi: "Don't 'what' me. There's no time, so what I say goes now. I'll prove to you that we'll be safer that way."
Like she'd said, the rigid ideas I'd come up with from my experience had gotten in our way, leading to a loss in the end.
I was a little bewildered at the overwhelming (yet baseless) confidence she was bossing around an adult like me with. The impression I was left with was a bewildered one.
Senri: (A quick-witted, brave girl with a bizarre power. Asahi...)
Senri: "I'm interested in you."
Asahi: "Then at least tell me your name. Or I'll call you Ryan, short for Contrarian."
Senri: "It's Senri. It was a mistake on my part to judge you a hindrance."
I thought it would be a pretty rare experience to look to a girl so much younger than me for instructions.
I couldn't sense any of our pursuers. We seemed to have completely lost them.
Senri: "...Asahi, we're good now. We should rest a bit."
Asahi: "—Mgh?!"
Senri: "Asahi...? Hey, jokes won't—Asahi?"
Along with the presence of our pursuers, Asahi had disappeared too.
I swept my eyes over the alley and saw a pair of shoes being dragged into the shadows.
Senri: "Dammit."
She'd disappeared in a very {visible} way, clearly to lure me after her. Even knowing it's a trap, though, I suppose I have to go.
Senri: "I don't know who you are, but I'm sure you're after me. Won't you let her go?"
Asahi: "Mmmgh! Mgh, mmmgh!"
I couldn't see the culprit behind Asahi.
All I could hear were half-hearted attempts to pacify her, like "be quiet" or "stop that."
Senri: "—Bite 'em."
Asahi: "Chomp!!"
???/Shioriko: "Nngh?!"
When the idiot culprit let go of her, Asahi scampered over to me like a startled hare.
Shioriko: "Urgh... 'Tables Turned on the Reporter?! Does the Girl with Unnatural Biting Strength Have a Snapping Turtle in Her Lineage?!'..."
Asahi: "It wasn't a turtle in my lineage, but a bird. A beautiful one with grand wings, I'm sure."
Shioriko: "......"
Senri: "Don't think too hard about it."
Asahi: "Anyway, what do you want with me?"
Fiona: "We want nothing. You're free to go down your own path. We won't hold you here or anything."
Asahi: "You saved us before... So you made it out. That's incredible."
Senri: "You drew the short end of the stick there, Fiona."
Fiona: "I'm used to dirty work, hard labor, and all ends of the stick. Don't worry about it."
She waved the comment aside like it was nothing, but for her to throw off her pursuers and catch up to us all while carrying out her resolution not to kill anyone—it wasn't something just anyone could do.
Fiona: "I suppose all those years snooping around shady places for scoops has given you first-class sneaking skills, if nothing else. Even if I had my guard down, I can't believe you got behind me."
Shioriko: "A reporter must be able to move covertly... Phew... Well, I'm wide awake now. You didn't have to bite quite so hard, did you?"
Senri: "It hurt that much, huh?"
Shioriko: "We couldn't communicate by terminal in case they were being monitored, and if I hadn't snuck up on you, you would have run off before we could chat, wouldn't you?"
Fiona: "I suppose so. She's got a point, Senri."
Senri: "Kamidate, there was a scuffle at the harbor, and we were separated from our companions. Did you see where the armored car with Minister Inui in it was headed?"
Shioriko: "...I'm serious about this story."
Shioriko: "Ever since I got that footage from you, edited it, and put it up online, I've barely been able to keep my cool."
Senri: "Meaning...?"
Shioriko: "Meaning I was monitoring the transport vehicle as it left and as it switched with a car of the same make with the same plates as well."
I can use Kamidate. Anyone this clever, this inscrutable—I can use them. My final impression of her last year had been correct.
Fiona: "Come to think of it, we've met before, haven't we? You came to the church to ask about the vigilantes."
Shioriko: "Of course, I remember. Did you throw away my business card, Miss Kousaki Fiona Annabel?"
Fiona: "No need. I'll remember you now that I know you're someone Senri feels he can use."
Asahi: "—Excuse me."
Asahi: "Quit talking in suggestions. Adults always have to have these roundabout, bargaining conversations with the future in mind."
Shioriko: "I'm sorry, but I'm not really interested in you. The grown ups are talking now, so would you keep quiet, hon?"
Asahi: "I feel the same way. I have no interest in your posturing or how you came about whatever information you have."
Asahi: "I'm going to save Haruto. I want to save him. If you know where he is—then get to the point, would you? If you don't, leave."
It was a reasonable opinion, and just what I'd expect of Asahi. Political debates are the only things that don't need conclusions. Asahi had the sincerity to seek the substance of a conversation.
Senri: "So she says. If you don't hurry up and tell us, you're gonna get bitten again."
The piercing gaze of this young girl was directed at Kamidate and Fiona. Neither of them flinched, but she must have gotten through to them somehow.
Shioriko: "The Ministry of Magic. Even if they took a few detours fearing someone following them, they should be back there by now."
Asahi: "The Ministry of Magic? Thank you."
Senri: "Don't run off on your own. I'm sure this is fate, somehow or another. We'll accompany you there."
Senri: "Kamidate, this is as far as you go. You don't have the power to stick your neck into this fight."
She must have really not liked my comment; Kamidate went silent, her face blank.
Shioriko: "......Did you not hear me? I just said earlier that I was staking my life on this story."
Shioriko: "You'll use me as much as you like and then throw me away? That sounds a bit too self-serving, don't you think? Cut it out."
Senri: "If I shot fire at you from my right hand right now, intending to burn you to death—how many ways could you come up with to defend against it?"
Shioriko: "I couldn't defend against that. Does that trouble you somehow, Senri-san?"
She'd answered instantly. Kamidate's tenacity towards gathering information was real. Meaning just by coming with us, she'd be putting her life in danger.
Fiona gently laid a hand on Kamidate's shoulder.
Fiona: "Leave the rest to the mages."
Senri: "That's that."
The main thrust of the question I'd asked Kamidate—was the same as the ice now affixing her shoulder to the wall of the alley.
Shioriko: "Huh? When... under my shoes too..."
Fiona: "Well, I just touched you now, didn't I? It'll melt and free you in less than an hour, so just stay put until then, alright?"
Asahi: "If you struggle, your clothes will tear. Then you'll have to cover your stomach with your arm. You'll catch a cold."
Shioriko: "Excuse me, Senri-san! This is a clear betrayal, you know! You understand that, don't you?"
Senri: "I dunno. It wasn't me who did it, it was that sweet sister who doesn't want you getting hurt."
Fiona would never let a burden like Kamidate come along with us now that she's dedicated herself to protecting people.
Shioriko: "You've got to be kidding me!!"
Her wail cut through the night.
It was right when I gave her a wave and tried to leave that I found I couldn't even put my hand down.
Shioriko: "I...! I'll get to the bottom of this, even if I have to do it alone!"
Fiona: "I believe I warned you not to move. You'll tear the skin right off your back, you know?"
It wasn't an empty threat; Fiona merely thrust the truth out at her. But Kamidate smiled an almost insane smile and struggled with all she had, bent forward like she was about to lunge at us.
Shioriko: "It's right in front of my eyes now and you want me to stay behind and wait?! Just how cruel {are} you?!"
Asahi: "......"
Senri: "Calm down, Kamidate. You're scaring Asahi."
She kept struggling, unconcerned that her underwear was now showing. I'd misunderstood the truth behind that fixation deep in her bloodshot eyes.
I held Kamidate back and muttered to her so that Fiona and Asahi couldn't hear:
Senri: "I'll admit that I underestimated you somewhat as a mere reporter starved for information."
Senri: "But that's precisely why you should do as I say now. I can't have you dying on me here."
Shioriko: "Please promise me. That whatever's happening at the Ministry of Magic, whatever you see there, you'll report it to me without hiding anything."
Senri: "I promise."
Shioriko: "If you break that promise, I'll never forgive you."
Senri: "I'd never break it."
Laying her head back on the wall, Kamidate closed her eyes and stopped moving.
Shioriko: "......I'll look forward to your recounting of the tale. Don't forget about me, alright?"
I left Kamidate. Neither Fiona nor Asahi asked me about what I'd said to her.
Fiona: "...I'm sorry. Could you watch Senri so that he doesn't run off?"
Right when we went past the church, Fiona ran into the office as if she just couldn't bear not to.
Senri: "What."
Asahi: "Don't move. You'll just make it worse. Can you not even tell what's wrong with you?"
The wound I'd gotten at the harbor must have opened up during all that running. My clothes were stained with blood.
Senri: "I'm surprised. You were the one who was so insistent that time was of the essence, Asahi."
Asahi: "That's that and this is this. It wouldn't do for you to be dragging your leg halfway there. More importantly, that looks painful!"
Senri: (The wound Fiona gave me the other day hurts worse, though...)
I decided to stop thinking too hard about it and just do as they said. Fiona wasn't one to mistake her priorities and it didn't seem like the two of them would be satisfied until I'd had some first-aid anyway.
Asahi: "Hey, you promised not to move! You really don't listen to people."
Senri: "It would be better to wait inside the church where people can't see us than wait outside, right?"
Asahi: "Then go in by yourself. I'll keep watch out here."
Senri: "Tell her where I am if Fiona comes back."
The difference in temperature when I went inside made me relax a little and I started feeling a throbbing pain where I was losing blood.
When I was thinking that it really wasn't good to half-ass resting, since my brain was only complaining to me now about my poor condition...
Mikihisa: "......Senri..."
A man sitting in the frontmost pew stood up and called my name.
I wordlessly returned his gaze, thinking he had some business with me, but no words followed.
Senri: "........."
I had no interest in the reason why he was still hanging around the church after the priest's death, nor in the robes he was roughly grabbing.
Fiona: "Oh, you're in here. Sit down and put your leg up. We've got to at least disinfect it and bandage it up."
Fiona paid him no mind either. No one wants to devote so much attention to a complete stranger who they've just happened to run into.
Mikihisa: "Where do you get off comin' here dressed like a sister again after you up and quit..."
When I sat down and bared my skin, Fiona sighed and set about her work.
Mikihisa: "Huh? You've got a hole in you."
The third party had that tedious comment to make about the disastrous state of my leg.
Fiona: "Okay, Senri. Say 'ahh'...♪"
She brought a cloth to my mouth like a lover might.
Senri: "Agh..."
Fiona: "Bite down."
Senri: "———!!"
She cauterized the wound with a soldering iron.
Fiona: "Alright, bite down. We're almost done, almost done. It doesn't hurt, it doesn't hurt."
She sewed it up with a needle holder and wrapped it up in bandages. Pressing a cloth to the blood-soaked wrapping, she coiled more bandages around them—her hands moved very skillfully.
Fiona: "There we go... What do you think of my perfect bandaging technique?"
I spat out the cloth and choked a little as I caught my breath.
I lifted my heel and pushed my foot to the floor a few times, testing my weight a bit. If I moved around too much, the wound would probably open again, but this was probably good enough for first-aid.
Senri: "Looks good. If there's nothing else you need here, let's go."
Fiona: "It was a pretty deep wound, but if you can move, I suppose it's fine. If anything happens, I'll be your support."
I tried to hurry out of the church, but Fiona wasn't moving.
She was praying as if it were the most natural thing to do in the world.
Mikihisa: "—I'm sure you're up to something that ain't worth shit again!!"
He suddenly shouted as if to interrupt her prayers.
Mikihisa: "What the fuck is {with} you?! What are you {after} all the goddamn time?! You think you can come in here all of a sudden and patch this guy up?!"
Senri: "Yeah, sorry for bothering you."
Mikihisa: "Don't play cool with that robot face! Go to the fucking hospital! Get your brain looked at while you're there too!!"
Senri: "One of these days."
Mikihisa: "Wait!!"
He seemed different than usual when I looked. His expression hadn't changed. Nor had his arrogant attitude. But he wasn't hiding his weakness, like he wanted guidance, like he sought support.
Mikihisa: "What's different... about me and you...? We're the same, aren't we? Aren't you just another rat rotting in this town?"
Mikihisa: "We don't have any money, or status, or fame, just living as we are—so why aren't you bothered at all?!"
Mikihisa: "Why do you look like you never second-guess anything—like you're completely sure you're right?!!"
Fiona: "Because that's all Senri has."
After she'd finished praying, Fiona answered even though she had no reason to. She'd probably gotten in between us to prevent me from giving him another noncommittal response.
Fiona: "It's something I didn't have for a long time. And everything I thought I had was fake in the end."
Fiona: "The priest had it too. No, it was all he had. They're similar on that account."
Mikihisa: "'It'...? If you're gonna speak, speak properly! You know you're partially at fault for the old man's death too, don't you...?!"
Senri: "I suppose we are. If we weren't, I don't think Fiona would be at my side."
Fiona: "You're free to curse us. If we stopped here, it would be no different from suicide."
Fiona: "...Now let's go, Senri-san."
Fiona gave no thought to his heartwrenching words and plastered that lively smile from a year ago on her face.
I nodded and followed her to the door.
Mikihisa: "........."
Senri: "You've got at least one thing you can be sure of, don't you?"
As we stepped outside, I could see him gripping the priest's robes with trembling hands out of the corner of my eye.
====================G005.TXT====================
The cold sensation on my cheek brought my consciousness back from the bottom of a deep sea.
When I opened my eyes, a dusty floor dominated my view, and I realized right away that I was lying on it. My arms were behind me, linked with handcuffs or something.
Haruto: "...Ngh, where... am I...?"
All I could see in the dim room were some rows of shelves, folding chairs along the wall, and haphazardly placed cardboard boxes. It must have been storage or something.
???/Noah: "The sleeping person became an un-sleeping person."
I turned around upon hearing the voice at my back and found a girl sitting on the floor looking down at me.
Haruto: "You were there earlier—"
Noah: "Noah. What's your name?"
Haruto: "My name...? It's Haruto. Can I ask you—"
Noah: "What fun name! I like it, it's springy. I'll answer anything."
Haruto: "Springy...? W-Well, whatever. So do you know where we are?"
Noah: "Nope. It's a big building. We came here in a car from the harbor."
Noah: "Shoved in an' then.... nothin'. It's what the kids these days call 'abduction.'"
Haruto: "What about everyone else?! What happened after that?!"
Noah: "They all fought and got away. Noah and Haruto were the only ones who got caught. We're abduction buddies!"
Haruto: "Huh... I hope Asahi's safe..."
Noah: "It's fine. Senri's absitively strong. He'll come an' save us, fo' sho'."
Haruto: "Is this 'Senri' the man who was with you?"
Noah: "Yep, Senri's a man. Fiona's a woman. Now, which is Noah, I wonder?"
Fiona-san has something to do with the conspiracy behind all this. If he was with her, maybe this "Senri" is involved somehow too.
Noah: "I'm sure Senri helped the person you were with get away too. Senri counts in when it comes."
Haruto: "I hope so... You really trust him, don't you, Noah-chan?"
Noah: "Trust? I dunno. Noah's just stating the facts."
If something's that obvious, there's no need to put it into words. I felt myself almost admiring this man I knew nothing about.
Noah: "Do you not have someone like that, Haruto?"
Haruto: "......"
Someone I knew I could count on. Someone I could trust with not a shred of doubt—two eyes filled with unshakable conviction came to mind.
Was Asahi safe...?
Noah: "Cough, cough—"
Haruto: "A-Are you alright?! Are you hurt somewhere...?!"
Noah: "...I'm just a little tired. No problemo."
It didn't sound like she was just bluffing. But she wasn't very convincing either, with how tired her eyes looked.
???/Inui: "Looks like you're awake."
The door suddenly opened and beyond it stood a familiar grim face, partially covered by an eyepatch.
Inui: "Did you sleep well?"
Haruto: "Headmaster...?!"
Inui: "I gave up that position long ago. Currently I'm Minister Inui of the Ministry of Magic."
Haruto: "What are you going to do with us? Why haven't you handed us over to BURST?"
Inui: "Because you won't fulfill your role that way. Have you forgotten what you were created for?"
I thought back to the conversation I'd had on that day when I'd first seen my clones. I'd changed that day. I'd had everything stolen from me.
Inui: "You were never a 'strong person,' yet you escaped your monitors and lived through this last year somehow."
Inui: "I wanted to see how, so I came here in person."
Inui: "And you do seem to be different than you were back then. Youngsters really do grow so quickly when you take your eyes off them."
Haruto: "Is this all your doing?! Were you the one who created me and gave me that fake life?!"
Inui: "I merely eliminated the pests who might have eaten my sprouts. It is mankind's prodigious greed that plows the fields, plants the seeds, and gives them water."
Inui: "It exists everywhere, like air. There's no need for my involvement at all."
He wasn't looking down on me or scorning me... just laying out the words as if they were facts.
Inui: "Everyone sees the flowers in front of them and tries to make them their own, no matter who they have to deceive to do so."
Inui: "Though no one else can put that into practice quite as well as I can."
Noah: "Cough, cough—!"
Haruto: "Noah-chan?!"
Inui: "Not feeling well? You're just a monster. Why not drop that human act?"
Haruto: "She doesn't seem well! Please let her see a doctor!"
Inui: "There's no need for that. It doesn't matter what happens to it, as long as it stays alive until our goal is reached."
Haruto: "That isn't right! It's not playing fair!"
Inui: "There are fewer fair things in the world than unfair. And a doctor wouldn't be able to do anything for her besides."
Unable to accept his cruel words, I was about to protest again when my words were cut off by a loud electronic sound.
The headmaster—Inui took out a portable terminal from his pocket and put it to his ear without another glance at us.
Inui: "Well? Did you find them?"
Inui: "...I see. Then you may pull out. Ah, yes, rescind the warning as well."
Inui: "It's just a few bugs. Letting them roam free causes us no trouble. In fact, it may prove easier to eliminate them if we lure them here."
Haruto: "Asahi and the others got away, I take it."
Inui: "Can you really afford to be worrying about others right now? Or do you think they'll come save you?"
Inui: "If you do, I have to tell you that's a very foolish delusion. No one can stop my plans now."
Inui: "—Just sit there and watch your last remaining shred of hope crumble to bits."
Senri: "Don't you think it's strange?"
Fiona: "......True."
Asahi: "Huh? Is something wrong?"
Senri: "It's so quiet it's actually more unsettling. Have you forgotten how many people were chasing us on our way here?"
Fiona: "There should be tight security around the Ministry, if my information's right."
Asahi: "Then we should be safe until we get there. Let's hurry."
I could have cautioned Asahi against being too hasty, but it would be getting our priorities backwards if we were too careful and wasted time because of it.
As I hurried to follow her, I spared a glance at Fiona, who was looking rather contemplative.
Senri: "I can think of two explanations. Either they lost the need to pursue us or they became busy with another matter. It's likely the former."
Fiona: "Looks like we'll be too late if we don't hurry."
The two they'd taken would be used in a Neocrystallization refining experiment.
I didn't know what they planned to use the extremely pure Neocrystallizations formed from those with high aptitude for, but I'd seen their effects firsthand in that clone at Inui's mansion.
Senri: (The conspiracy that's been continuing since the beginning of magic... and the cause for all that...)
If Inui's lines to Fiona about "bringing down the hammer on magic society" were all to fool her, then he's after something else with the Neocrystallizations.
But whether he has lofty goals or is just filled with meaningless greed, his motives aren't important to me... even if they are necessary information.
He's misused magic and sacrificed many people knowingly to further this conspiracy—and I'll crush it. I'll demolish it, leaving no trace behind.
That's what I've been working toward until today.
Fiona: "...Are you going to kill Inui?"
She suddenly asked. My emotions must have been showing on my face.
Senri: "Depending on how things go. But I don't have any illusions that that will be the end of it."
Fiona: "Now that I think about it, the only two people I was never able to compare to were men. One was you."
Senri: "And the other was Inui?"
Fiona: "...He's strong."
Considering the strength of the woman evaluating him, I supposed I should take those words to heart.
I didn't need a concrete reason or a quantitative explanation. When you're talking about someone who's truly strong, all evidence gathered can be boiled down to that simple word.
Fiona: "...All I can offer you is support. Since I've decided not to hurt anyone anymore."
Well, I wonder about that.
Once she has Inui in front of her, she may take actions that surprise even herself.
All I know for sure—is that no one knows how this will go.
The Ministry of Magic building—once Atori's headquarters—stood in the eerie silence.
The air about it was almost something holy, like a mausoleum, rather than a facility people used daily.
Asahi: "Doesn't look well-guarded. If we're going in, now's our chance."
Fiona: "It doesn't look guarded at all. I'm starting to doubt our information that Inui really headed here."
Senri: "...I can't imagine Kamidate would have lied, considering the circumstances. Of course, Inui could have fooled her, but—wait, don't move."
I held the two of them back and glared at the silhouette emerging from the darkness.
Inui: "...Phew."
Inui himself was standing in front of the entrance, with no guards around. It was an impossible sight.
Inui: "Did you think I'd just bark out a few orders to my subordinates and go back to my office to smoke a cigar?"
His cheeks were flushed as if he'd just had some light exercise, his sleeves rolled up to his upper arms. It seemed as if he'd just caught his breath.
Inui: "I could use one, I'm sure, but in my short time in office thus far, I haven't found the time to hire a body double. The Minister of Magic, Inui Naochika himself, is at your service."
He was fully aware of our presence. Maybe we'd be able to pull off a strategic retreat at this point, but there was no point in keeping quiet and hiding like this.
He was alone. We, on the other hand, were three, including Asahi.
This didn't sit right with me. We were all three adept at our particular fields of magic—and Inui was standing before us unarmed, aware of the difference in our strength.
Inui: "I'm not surprised you're being cautious of your surroundings. So? If you need anything cleared up, I'm happy to answer."
Senri: "Well, I don't see anyone around but you, at the very least."
Inui: "That would be my consideration."
Inui: "I'm impressed you broke through the officers surrounding you at the harbor and made it all the way here without being apprehended. If I stationed such half-baked idiots out here, they'd only embarrass themselves."
Senri: "Personally, I can't say it's a bad thing to have just one old soul come greet us so enthusiastically."
Inui: "...Oho. An attempt at provocation?"
Inui: "You use unorthodox, underhanded tactics to confuse your opponent and take them by surprise. Do you think those wretched tactics will work on me?"
Senri: "Well, they've never failed me before."
I stepped forward, brushing Asahi aside, and kept Inui's attention focused on me.
Senri: "I persuaded your precious adopted daughter to my side as well, as you can see."
Fiona: "This is probably where you'd order me to go up against him usually, but I'm sorry. I won't listen to your orders anymore."
Inui: "Ah... I wasn't sure where you were going with that 'precious' nonsense. You meant that useless, broken doll."
Inui: "If you don't preserve them carefully, even the finest ingredients rot eventually."
Fiona: "...I'm sure. You're not one to demand it back if someone else picks up a toy you've grown tired of."
He was saying horrible things about her, but Fiona remained stout-hearted.
Senri: (......Zero. You get it, right, Asahi?)
—Had Inui noticed?
Those "unorthodox, underhanded tactics" of mine had already begun. Had he figured out that he was already in the middle of my scheme?
Inui: "......I see."
The moment Inui's gaze flicked over to Fiona, Asahi took off running.
The reason I'd stepped in front of her was to hide the countdown I was giving her behind my back.
Asahi's unerring sprint had taken her to the entrance of the building already.
Inui: "Clever."
Senri: (No incantation—he's fast and I can't interrupt him.)
Normally, magic manifests with the aid of incantations to guide the caster's will. Inui's incantation-less magic brought him into the realm of godly speed.
Asahi: "Huh?! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!"
A gust hit Asahi in the back and she went sailing into the air.
Maybe it helped that it was such a reflexive casting. The magic didn't seem at all lethal, and she appeared to still be conscious.
Senri: (His incantation-less casting and the fact that he didn't even check the object of his attack... it's more sloppy than I'd expect from him.)
Asahi: "###!!"
She'd lost control of her body and spun twice in the air, heading rapidly toward a crash-landing on the wall of the building.
Senri: "This is no time to be protecting your rear. Got it, Asahi?"
Drawing my gun, I pointed it at Asahi—no, at the glass Asahi was flying towards, and squeezed the trigger.
It was cute of her to reflexively hold down her skirt like the girl she was, but what she really needed to shield was her head. I hope she got that.
Asahi: "Thank you! But I'm not a contrarian, so you can just be straightforward and tell me to cover my head."
Senri: "You're full of energy. {The rest's up to you}."
Asahi disappeared into the building, swept through the broken window.
Inui: "I'd intended to slam her to the ground, but I suppose I ended up assisting your little infiltration, didn't I?"
Fiona: "It was hasty, but she's athletic enough that I'm sure she made it inside safely. The fault lies with you here."
Inui: "I'll admit I was taking you too lightly. But the things you're trying to rescue have already fallen into our hands."
Senri: "I didn't give her any direction for after she's entered the building."
Senri: "I just repaid a favor to someone who's got a different goal here than me."
Inui: "Let me just make sure you know that you haven't achieved anything."
Fiona: "Senri, be careful... Sensei's casting abilities are Master-class."
Senri: (Whatever they may be, I'll defeat Inui on my own terms.)
Inui squatted, lunged, rolled his neck, stretched his arms—warming up in fluid motions. Then he stuck a {strangely-shaped glove} on his hand.
Inui: "Well... I'll be slaughtering you two now, but... as you know, I can't exactly make a public scene of it in my position."
He looked at once full of openings and provoking an attack.
Inui: "Moreover, I'm sure that good-for-nothing failure over there has more actual combat experience than I do."
Fiona: "I believe I did all the dirty work that was ordered of me."
Fiona let the comment about the inhumane acts Inui should have been carrying out slide by easily.
Inui: "Why don't you give me a lesson in those tactics of yours? The ones that will overcome such overwhelming strength?"
Senri: "Can I have one moment first?"
I waited until Inui was ready for the fight to start, then called for a pause.
I made sure his concentration was slightly broken, focused on me, and—
Senri: "Asahi, now!"
Inui: "What...?"
Asahi and I had made no plans before this fight. And her infiltration through the window had been because of Inui's actions, so we couldn't have predicted that.
But that's exactly why I'd given her that meaningless message, "the rest's up to you." Even if it hadn't had any meaning, the information it conveyed had meaning now.
My opening move. The moment Inui read into that phrase and decided Asahi was probably taking aim at him from his blind spot—he let his guard down.
{That's right—you have to make someone let their guard down}.
Senri: "This is actual combat."
Inui: "I'm disappointed."
—For a moment, I couldn't understand what had happened.
Something was wrong.
I was sure he'd eaten lead, but the bullet I could have sworn I'd fed him had suddenly {vanished}.
Inui: "Ignoring strength completely—do you know what the best strike is to break someone's nose as quickly as possible?"
Inui's outstretched arm was all that remained of the high-speed jab that served as the answer to his question.
A combination of martial arts and magic. He sped his punch up with wind and released further wind from his fist to lower the speed of the bullet to subsonic.
Inui: "It's my turn next."
The bullet fell from his open hand like small change. I'd intended to take him by surprise, but I hadn't even been able to graze him.
Inui was the genuine article.
Incantation-less magic. Adaptability. Maneuverability. He was first-class in all those things. And add to that his creativity—his flexibility.
Fiona: "Inui is strong."
I've heard.
That those in the "Master" rank are masses of raw talent.
His talent lent him absolute ability to make up for his lack of experience. He could exhibit 100% of his power even in an unfavorable situation. That was what "Master" meant. That's what people say, at least.
Inui: "I look forward to finding out how long this will last."
Senri: "For you, right?"
He slid his feet across the ground. He put his whole weight behind a punch and a powerful shockwave burst toward me with a roar.
Talent never plays by the rules.
Asahi: "...This is strange."
It was dead silent inside the Ministry of Magic. I'd been advancing cautiously so that no one noticed me, but I hadn't even run into anyone else.
It was probably late enough that the date had changed by now, but it still just made me more cautious to not find a single staff member in the building.
Asahi: "Where do they have Haruto?"
If they had a jail for prisoners somewhere, I'm sure it would be there, but this wasn't the police. And there were so many floors, I couldn't even narrow down where he might be.
In that case, all I can do is search every room until I find him—
Again—I felt something strange, like before, almost like deja vu.
That's right, I'll meet someone up ahead—the feeling was different than my diary entries, completely baseless, but I sensed someone around the corner up ahead, as if to affirm that strange feeling.
The corner had hidden us from each others' view, so we'd gotten very close to one another without realizing. The other person's footsteps stopped as well. They must have noticed me too.
Asahi: "......"
I couldn't be captured here. I had something I needed to do.
This was all a trial that would lead me to the Land of Dreams. And I couldn't lose a precious companion on that journey.
I took a deep breath, concentrated, and focused my energy on loosing my magic.
I built up the form I'd come up with thanks to Haruto's advice and sent my voice toward the other person I couldn't see.
Asahi: "Come out. If you don't do as I say, I'll cut right through the wall and blow you away."
I've demonstrated that my magic can pierce a concrete wall easily when we were almost captured by BURST the other day. Of course, it was only a threat; I didn't really intend to shoot.
???/Yuuji: "I got it. I'll come out, so don't shoot."
What came back to me was an awfully calm voice.
Good, now I won't have to shoot. Since he was being cooperative, I must have unconsciously relaxed my vigilance somewhat.
Something came flying out from behind the wall into my line of sight.
It drew an arc the air—and when it landed on the floor, I realized it was a lit cigarette.
My mind stopped for a moment to consider the meaning of the phenomenon. And the man didn't miss that moment.
Asahi: "Aah?!"
The figure that had suddenly appeared first gripped my hand and cut off the generation of my magic.
Then he yanked my wrist and grabbed my other arm when it shot out after I lost my balance.
To put it simply, I ended up face down on the floor, and there was nothing I could do about it.
...I know I told you to come out, but it's not very nice if you do it that fast.
???/Yuuji: "Don't struggle. Stay still if you don't want your arm broken."
The joints of my right arm were screaming as it was pulled toward my back. It wasn't just a threat. That seemed to be implied in the voice coming from behind me.
???/Yuuji: "Answer my questions. Are you staff here?"
Asahi: "I'm not."
???/Yuuji: "Then who are you? What are you doing here?"
Asahi: "I'm here to rescue Haruto. Don't get in my way!"
???/Yuuji: "What...?"
I felt confusion in the hands holding my arms.
???/Yuuji: "You're the girl from..."
His arms immediately went slack. Unbound, I turned around to see a face I'd seen somewhere before staring at me with uncertainty.
Asahi: "You're Haruto's—"
He didn't stop me from standing up and patting the dust from me. Since he didn't seem to be hostile anymore, I allowed myself to relax some as well.
Asahi: "You're very strong."
Yuuji: "Huh...?"
Asahi: "Those were very quick movements. Like a cheetah hunting its prey."
Yuuji: "...I'm not sure if I should be happy about hearing that from a girl who's the same age as my kid."
Scratching his head, he stomped out the cigarette on the floor.
Yuuji: "Let me ask again. What are you doing here?"
Asahi: "My answer will be the same every time you ask. I'm here to rescue Haruto."
Yuuji: "To 'rescue' him... I don't know how much you know, but stay out of this."
Yuuji: "This darkness goes deeper than you know. You'll be in danger if you get their attention. You might even die."
Asahi: "So what?"
Yuuji: "'So what'...?"
Asahi: "You can't say you're living if all you're doing is running from danger. That's just existing."
Asahi: "That's not what I wish for. I have to get to the Land of Dreams."
Yuuji: "......"
Yuuji: "I didn't want to get anyone unrelated to this wrapped up in it, but it doesn't seem like you'll listen."
Yuuji: "This takes me back. I guess they do say 'birds of a feather,' don't they?"
His rigid expression almost relaxed into a smile. With a quick sigh, he drew a card from his pocket.
Yuuji: "Haruto's locked up in the room at the end of this hall. This is a card key that'll unlock the door."
Asahi: "You're giving it to me? Why?"
Yuuji: "Well, I didn't want to abuse my authority, but... I can't really be saying that anymore, can I?"
Asahi: "That's not what I meant. You're here to save him too, aren't you? Why aren't you going yourself?"
Yuuji: "...You should probably do it. And I'm with the police. I can't help you publicly."
He closed his eyes as if to hide the sadness in them. There were some falsehoods mixed in with his words. The truth was somewhere else.
But I didn't press him further.
Asahi: "...I understand. I'll carry out your feelings."
I grasped the card tight in both hands so that I wouldn't lose it.
Asahi: "But feelings won't get across if you don't put them into words."
Asahi: "You should do something before it's too late. Before you regret it."
Yuuji: "...I didn't think I'd be getting a lecture at my age. And from a kid like you, too."
In my experience, most people would say something noncommittal in response, only pretending they'd listened. But he didn't do that.
Yuuji: "Go and rescue Haruto for me. I'm counting on you."
Asahi: "Of course! Haruto's my partner, after all. He has wings that can take him to the Land of Dreams."
Yuuji: "...I don't really get it, but you're an interesting kid."
Haruto's father gave me an awkward, troubled smile. His face had been grim all this time, but there was kindness in that smile of his.
Haruto: "...It sounds like someone's come."
A little while after Inui left, I felt someone's presence on the other side of the door.
After a short electronic sound, the door slid open with no time to waste. When I saw the person standing behind it, I felt surprised... and at the same time, the feeling that I shouldn't be.
Asahi: "Haruto, are you alright?!"
Haruto: "Asahi, what are you doing here?!"
Asahi: "I came to rescue you. There's no time. Let's hurry and get out of here."
Asahi sped behind me and removed my restraints—
Haruto: "How did you get here...?! With the key to the door, even."
Asahi: "Your father gave it to me. He was worried about you."
Haruto: "My dad...?!"
Why is he here...? Why did he have the key to the room I was locked in, and why did he give it to Asahi...?
Asahi: "We don't have time to chat about this. We have to get out of here, quickly."
Asahi: "You're escaping with us. Alright?"
Noah: "Noah's escaping too... absitively."
Noah-chan staggered when she tried to stand and I caught her.
Haruto: "Are you alright...?!"
Noah: "...I'm good... If you say 'I'm good,' usually you are..."
Haruto: "This is awful. We have to get you to a doctor...! Noah-chan, grab onto my back. I'll carry you."
I shouldered her slender body. It was like it took all she had just to climb onto my back; she clung there limply.
Asahi: "This way."
I could hear her weak breathing by my ear. I ran off, being as careful as I could not to shake her too much.
I followed Asahi as she led the way, certain that I could feel a premonition of something strange approaching.
Asahi: "Why aren't you opening?! You let me through earlier!"
Asahi pounded on the door leading to the employee stairs connecting the floors. The door was shut and electronically locked, showing no signs of opening.
Asahi: "We'll have to get through it using force, then."
Haruto: "Wait! If we cause a scene, they might find us. Let's look for another way."
We went back after hitting that dead end and looked for a different route. But we were stopped several times by similarly locked doors.
After several encounters with disappointment and irritation—an elevator appeared before us.
Haruto: "Oh, good. Let's head down with this."
Fortunately, the elevator was stopped on this floor. The door opened immediately and we crowded in.
Asahi pressed the button on the control panel. Of course, we were headed to the first floor, at ground level—
Yet contrary to our expectations, we almost lost our balance when we felt the ground moving up beneath us.
Asahi had definitely pressed the first floor button. But the elevator was headed steadily upward.
Asahi: "H-Haruto, look at this!"
Haruto: "Wh-What the...?!"
Usually the lit button shows the current floor, but when we looked at the control panel, the buttons were flashing from 1 upward, like lights signifying a correct answer on a quiz show.
Eventually all the buttons up to the "R" (meaning the roof) were glowing orange. Then they all suddenly started flashing as if in celebration of something.
The elevator came to a stop. With the sound notifying us that we'd arrived at our destination, the doors slowly opened.
The jet-black sky extended above us with nothing to obstruct our view of it. But we weren't on the ground where we'd been heading.
As proof of that, an unfettered gust battered its way toward us when we took one step forward.
Asahi: "No! The elevator's not working."
Haruto: "...This can't be coincidence, can it?"
I wasn't expecting a response to that question. But if I had to hear one, I wish it had been in the negative.
???/Ruu: "You're exactly right. It absolutely is not a coincidence. I'm the one who summoned you."
Ruu: "Ruu is here to welcome you!"
The voice had come from a figure standing in the center of the roof, her arms spread and an ominous smile on her face.
====================G008.TXT====================
He hadn't completely overpowered me, though he was slowly but surely pushing me back.
Inui: "Where did all that enthusiasm disappear to?"
Controlling the wind like a tengu with his fan, Inui was equally adept at both offense and defense.
Especially at long range, where he could force me into a defensive fight with his magic. If I let my guard down, he'd return my own magic to me with a powerful gust.
Speed, precision, power; I wasn't beating Inui on any of these points.
Inui: "What's the matter? Come on and shoot. All you're doing now is running."
The clincher was his specially made cestus Magi that probably absorbed more Elements than normal.
His jabs were faster than the naked eye could follow, and he could shoot off magic again and again with no incantations. His casting required none of the preparations that normal Casters' did.
He was unparalleled—at his best, BURST would be a mere impediment to him, just like he'd said.
Senri: (I can't find the right moment to attack. He seems to prefer long-range magic, and on that point, he's an orthodox Caster, but...)
The unavoidable shocks from his attacks were wearing at my stamina. I couldn't stay on the defensive, but I didn't have enough information yet.
Needless to say, we didn't have much time. At first, I'd wanted to get this over with quickly, no matter what I'd have to do... but I wasn't able to take the plunge, so to speak, against Inui's unfathomable might.
Inui: "Scared now? Or is this also some strategy of yours? If you don't attack, you'll never win, you know."
Inui declared loudly to me while he checked Fiona's position with just his eyes.
Senri: (He seems awfully cagey.)
There'd been an effect. Like I'd thought, my bluff with Asahi had had an effect.
Inui was suspicious of Fiona, who'd thrown away her frozen blade and sworn never to kill again. Somewhere in his mind, he wanted to deal with her sooner than later.
His long-range attacks were proof of that. And the way he used smaller consecutive strikes instead of a more decisive blow that would leave him open was to prevent us from taking him by surprise as well, I imagine.
Inui: "The reports described you as a rather phantasmagoric OutCast, someone with a mastery of all sorts of magic... so when exactly are you going to get serious?"
Senri: "Who knows..."
Inui: "Hrm—let's unmask you then, shall we?"
Inui's fist shot out like he was shadow boxing, then swept to the side.
He formed several whirlwinds of dust, then let them spin randomly so that they ran into each other.
Inui: "How does it feel to be surrounded by dust devils? Each of them has several times more power than the magic your average Caster could summon."
Senri: "Feels like sitting on a bed of nails."
The dust devils trapped me almost as though they owned the place; I had no escape. I could just picture being sent flying if I even touched one, whereupon the other ones would come to finish me off.
But Inui's visibility had to be suffering as much as mine with all these whirlwinds. He was being careful, staying far enough away that he had ample ability to deal with whatever we sent at him.
Senri: (Just one is powerful enough, but—depending on where they hit me, I can probably avoid a fatal wound.)
I wove through the approaching whirlwinds and distanced myself from Inui.
I ignored him as he laughed and complimented my agility, whispering something into Fiona's ear as I passed her.
Fiona: "......Yes...... huh?"
Senri: "{If you don't like it, ignore it}."
Fiona seemed bewildered when I made my request of her, but what I was really saying must've gotten across, because she said but one thing in response—
Fiona: "You're evil, you know that?"
She spat the words out.
Senri: "I couldn't ask for a better compliment."
Inui: "...Strategy meeting? Standing around in one place is about the worst thing you could do."
I didn't even need to look. We were surrounded. Dust devils filled my vision—
Just before they hit us, I generated the same magic. With the difference in power, they didn't eliminate each other, but I was able to create enough space to escape by altering their trajectories.
Fiona defended with a wall of ice—but...
Inui: "You're practically challenging me to a contest, you know?"
This "Master" was a mass of talent, and talent never plays by the rules.
Inui: "I'll start by eliminating that waste of air."
He summoned a new gust of wind, which flowed quickly into the dust devils, amplifying their power and causing cracks to form in her ice wall.
Fiona: "It's breaking?!"
The ice burst. The gust crashed through the wall, speeding onward, and having just formed the wall with her magic, Fiona didn't have time to defend against this new assault.
Fiona was blown back, drawing an arc in the air. Her body swam through the sky as far as we could see and landed on the grounds with a terrible thud.
Senri: "Fiona!"
Her upper body had gone through a hedge and was out of sight.
In the darkness, the only thing illuminated by the moonlight were her haphazardly strewn legs. She showed no signs of rising.
Inui: "It's almost funny how far she went flying. She may have trained very hard, but in the end, she's still a woman. Even with the ice taking the brunt of the blow, I doubt she'll be getting up anytime soon."
Senri: (......Evil... eh? You might be right, Fiona.)
Inui: "Now it's one-on-one. No one else is getting in between us, Senri."
The dust devils died out and I was met with a clear view of Inui once again.
Senri: "One less thing to worry about now?"
Inui: "You're smart. Even if she's rotted now, she's an agent I brought up, and was still a danger to me. I'm glad I could deal with her quickly."
Inui: "Now, let's finish this. If I can take care of you quickly, I might still make it to see the experiment succeed."
I didn't stand much chance in an orthodox contest of magic-slinging, but then again, I could win relatively easily if I managed to hit a weak spot of his.
The first thing that came to mind was using my footwork to put him on the defensive and drag the fight out longer.
Senri: (An old man without much actual combat experience—he's sure to get short of breath.)
Inui: "It'd be boring to have the advantage from start to finish, but I suppose that's all you amounted to."
Inui let loose a light jab that transformed into a gust carving out a destructive path. No matter how many times he did this, my impression of it didn't change: that it was "powerful"... and nothing else.
I dodged the fangs of the killer shadow by a hair—no, to be precise, I couldn't dodge them, so I merely forced the fatal blow away and approached him.
He'd notice right away if I went straight for him, so I moved like a pendulum, slowly closing the distance. It was even more dull of a task than I thought it'd be.
Senri: (The same way I'm limited by time, Inui's limited by not being able to leave the entrance of the Ministry of Magic.)
Asahi's intrusion may have been acceptable damage, but mine wouldn't be.
Therefore, the Ministry of Magic's entrance was his defensive line. Interfering with his experiment would be a true loss to Inui.
If the grounds here are the ring, then I can chase Inui to the rope by gradually pressuring him and closing the distance.
Inui: "It's strange how I'm not hitting you. Why is that? My magic should be second to none in both speed and power."
Senri: "It's because even if your magic skills are first-rate, you're below the level of an amateur in combat itself."
I took some light wounds in the opening stage of the fight, but the time I spent getting accustomed to {seeing} his magic wasn't wasted.
Inui's movements were precise to a fault. That's why they were easy to read. I could dodge his attacks easily now just by going with the timing I'd grown accustomed to.
Inui: "I suppose the difference in our experience couldn't be made up in a day."
Senri: "You'll be kissing the ground in a minute, but... if you'd like to brush your teeth first, I can wait."
Inui: "What? You think I'll fall to my knees and my face will hit the ground? You're telling me to eat dirt? I see. I'll be tasting defeat for the first time, is that it?"
Senri: "—!!"
Inui: "Oh? I hit you that time, didn't I? I'm just using the same magic I have been this whole time. Why couldn't you dodge that one, eh?"
So transparent. Inui had closed his eyes and let loose his magic. He must have noticed that I was reading his attacks based on the movement of his eyes.
Inui: "What's this now? It's funny how much I'm hitting you. Is that really all you're worth?"
Senri: (Inui—how much is it? How much of this are you calculating?)
Inui: "Is this more of that acting you're so good at?"
Senri: "You're all about business connections here, aren't you? I'm just trying to be polite."
I was bluffing, and it had nothing to do with my plan. Inui should have been able to tell that I'd really just lost my method of dodging.
Inui: "You thought you'd seen through my simple attacks, but it's too bad. The simplicity was all a part of my plan."
He'd fooled me.
In the same way that it's often easy to bait an answer out of someone after making them say the same word 10 times.
Inui had put that idea into practical use. After fooling me into thinking I had the pattern down, he'd suddenly turned the pressure around.
Inui: "It takes time for people to un-learn something once they've learned it. It's fitting that you're the so-called spider trapped in its own web, wouldn't you say?"
I couldn't dodge him the way I had been. To make up the difference, I'd have to summon winds as powerful as his.
{So I decided to do just that}.
Inui: "So you can do it if you try."
Senri: "......"
Inui: "A head-on magic competition against me, without even using a Magi of your own. And you're not only matching my strength, but using no incantations as well."
Inui: "Your overblown incantations and the weaker magic you've displayed until now were all an act to make it seem like you were nothing but a low-level OutCast."
Senri: "I was just never pressured to do more than that."
Inui: "That's not true. You play a silver-tongued weakling to get people to let their guards down, then finish them in one fell swoop. I can see through such cowardly thinking in an instant."
Inui: "A skilled hawk hides its talons, true—but how does it feel to have them torn out of you?"
Senri: "Would you be happy if I told you I was down in the dumps, since I have to change tactics now?"
Inui wasn't the only one trying to fool his opponent.
It was true that my strategy of preserving my strongest magic until I could defeat him at close range had failed.
Inui: "Even if you've fought a thousand opponents, none of that experience means anything if your opponents weren't as skilled as me."
The mass of talent that was this "Master" would never waver. He would guard the Ministry of Magic to the last, and filled with confidence all the while.
Inui: "You must have a good enough idea of how this game works to know you'll lose, right?"
Senri: "Somehow I don't think this'll all end with a 'you got me' and a 'nice game.'"
Inui: "No, I'll be killing you, of course. But we shouldn't waste time, wouldn't you say? No matter how much you struggle, you won't turn the tables on me."
Senri: "......'Root Reflection'... you heard of it?"
Inui frowned.
Inui: "Some slang term that OutCasts were using a few years ago, isn't it?"
Senri: "I'm impressed..."
If he knows what it is, good.
I'm going to use it now.
Nothing more.
Senri: "Huu... haaaaahh—"
I tensed my muscles with a deep breath and sharpened my senses.
He must have been worried seeing me ready myself like that; Inui fixed his stance as well.
I sent an explosive amount of wind pressure under the soles of my feet and used the kick to get within range.
Senri: (Like I thought, he's not running...)
"Root Reflection" was a taboo way of using magic that was barely even talked about anymore.
Back when clashes between OutCasts were more common, it had been quietly popular since a few particularly bloody incidents.
If you ignored the fact that it aimed to stop up the parts of the body magic was emitted from, it was simply a targeted attack.
Just like bullets, magic's strength will weaken over distance until petering out.
Even an idiot knows that if you hit a human body straight-on, it'll do as much damage as possible.
Even those not especially confident in the might of their magic can do unexpected damage this way, so it's a way to turn a fight around easily if you don't measure up in power.
But what's "taboo" about that, you ask?
It's because the magic that destroys your opponent's insides comes right back around to the caster—in other words, it reflects back to its root.
It's a fatal blow that also guarantees your own destruction—which is why in a fight between intelligent and experienced mages, it's rare for them to get into close quarters.
Since there are those who will go to these lengths when they're desperate, those used to fighting will maintain the distance they're most comfortable with and assure their victory that way.
Senri: (That's where Inui's weak point is. Since he has to defend the entrance, he won't be able to get out of a close-range fight.)
The moment we stood face-to-face, the difference in our abilities as mages disappeared.
Inui: "'Root Reflection,' eh...? Quite pathetic if you really think you can win that way."
Senri: "Let's get started, Inui. I hope you can keep up!"
At such close range, I abandoned defense and got the Reflection started.
I hid my fist behind my back and moved to put him in check. The blow—didn't connect.
Inui: "My title isn't just for show, you know."
It was blocked—no, {stopped}.
By what? Pressure. A thin wall of pressure.
Inui had the perfect defense prepared.
—Here it comes. Inui's counter.
No. I cut in. Another check.
I swung my arm in a backhand with centrifugal force behind it.
If it hit, my Root Reflection would destroy his body.
But Inui bent his upper body and dodged that too, meaning it was finally his turn to strike—but he didn't.
Next. I opened up the fist he'd dodged and released magic from my palm.
My next check was blocked by his perfect defense as well, and he made to lift his arm—but I wouldn't let him.
After that check was another check.
Inui: "—What..."
After that check was another check.
Inui: "Fast—!"
Check. Check. Check. If just one blow can finish the fight, then every blow is a check. If you're close enough, even magic that isn't very powerful can be lethal if you put a lid over it and hit your opponent's body with it directly.
If Inui's talent doesn't play by the rules,
then I just have to fight him in the same way.
As the checks continued over and over, the moves became more unexpected, bringing me closer to checkmate.
Senri: "You're not getting away—your turn is never going to come...!"
I filled my lungs with plenty of air and continued my strikes without stopping to catch my breath.
I'd learned this strategy from my battle with Fiona.
Senri: (In a fight where one blow can decide the outcome, what's important isn't power, but overwhelming speed. It's the sheer number of attacks.)
Hand-to-hand magic combat at point blank range. Shoot, dodge. As long as those actions were repeated at the same intervals, Inui would have no chance to go on the offensive.
It was still a fight between us, but Inui was practically fighting the fight itself now.
Inui: "—You whelp!"
Inui shouted as if to sneer in the face of the mortal blows raining down on him.
Fists flew.
Destruction and repair crossed.
One question surfaced in my—no, in both our minds.
"How many more seconds? How many more seconds will it be until you fall?"
I pushed through. I kept striking him singlemindedly. I believed that my next move would finish things and swung, then believed that my next move would finish things... and swung.
Inui: "Kh... Heheh, hehaha! What's wrong?! You're slowing down!"
He wasn't just playing tough. Inui had the ability to waste his breath talking, while my heart was about to give out as I kept striking him without taking a breath.
Senri: (This is strange. Not one hit is getting through. How can he keep up? How can he hold out?)
These weren't the cardio-pulmonary abilities of a man over 60. No, even if his public age was a lie, from how old he looked, he couldn't possibly have more stamina than me. I was missing something here.
Inui: "What are you so mystified by? You know I was the one who came up with the training regimen for your precious piece of junk, don't you?"
Inui: "Besides, anti-aging techniques are my hobby. I do high-altitude training every morning."
High-altitude training—training to maximize your cardio-pulmonary functions and stamina using a low-pressure environment.
But... this wasn't on a level that realistic sort of know-how could produce.
Senri: (Inui—your wind really doesn't play by the rules, does it...?)
I'd only imagined that I was pushing him back.
The reality was different.
There was no king at all in danger of my checks.
Inui and I were something like magnets revolving around the same pole. There was an invisible force making it so that we would never touch.
Inui: "The 'Root Reflection' you OutCasts speak of is something like pouring melted aluminum into an anthill."
Inui: "It makes sense that you'd describe it with a 'lid' since it aims to force the magic into the body."
All my joints were screaming. The blows I was raining on Inui at the risk of my heart bursting were all in vain; I wasn't even able to touch him.
Inui: "The magic destruction extends past the target to the caster as well, because it's not being properly adjusted."
Inui: "If you're experienced enough to be able to handle more sophisticated magic, you should be able to adjust it enough that it retains its strength—without having it hit you too."
I didn't need the lesson.
Inui was implying that {he} could do it.
As soon as my blows stopped—he was ready to finish me.
Inui: "Your defeat will be because you put Inui Naochika on the same level as the pathetic rabble who live in the slums."
Senri: (I'm... out of fuel... I can hit him... one more time...)
I could hear my heart pounding from everywhere around me.
My vision grew hazy from oxygen deficiency. Breathe. I have to breathe or I'll go down.
But—my brain was about to stop working.
Instead of hoping my final blow fells Inui, I should point the wind at myself to get some distance from him—
Inui: "I see what you're thinking."
I shuddered. In the instant I lost concentration, his arm slithered out like a snake and grabbed my wrist.
Inui: "You were thinking you'd take the opportunity to get away, weren't you? After all that violence, you'd just get to step back and collect yourself."
I'd made contact with the great "Master" who stood atop all mages—in other words...
Inui: "You're too naive!"
Inui, father of all Casters, was about to hit me with a perfected "Root Reflection."
Senri: "—Fiona!!"
He manipulated the air current with no incantation. A gust rushed through my body where he gripped me and burst out in search of an exit.
Senri: "Nnngh!!"
I grit my teeth at pain that was like a knife being thrust under my fingernails, and concentrated on getting my staggering body away from him.
Inui: "I'd intended to kill you by sending wind through your whole body, but I only robbed you of one arm, I see. How unfair are you?"
Information had saved me.
Inui had been carefully checking every half a minute or so to make sure Fiona wasn't rejoining the fight.
Her legs extending from the bushes hadn't moved an inch, as if her soul had left her body.
This wasn't like what I'd done with Asahi. He shouldn't have fallen for this bluff.
Even with how careful Inui was being, he still reacted to my shout of "Fiona"—thankfully.
Senri: "I just called the name of my partner in crime, that's all."
I was grateful, honestly. I had nothing but thanks for the fact that all I'd lost was one arm.
His flawlessly cautious personality hadn't allowed him to take the chance; his concentration had been broken, and I'd been able to shake him off as a result.
This was the second time I'd pulled this off in my fight with Inui. He wouldn't be fooled again, I was sure.
Inui: "I suppose you won't be coming at me again with all that blood loss."
Inui: "I don't intend to debase you. If you want to just forget this happened and walk away, I'll let you go."
Senri: "I'll decide what I do."
He didn't pursue.
Inui took out a handkerchief, wiped away my blood, folded it up carefully, and put it away again. The actions were an embodiment of his methodical, careful personality.
Inui: "Your pride killed you. If you'd just run away without worrying about appearances, at least your life would have been spared."
Senri: "What's important is how you use it. Your life alone doesn't have much meaning."
Senri: "You abuse it in order to accomplish something, and eventually it ceases to function. It's a consumable thing that everyone has."
Senri: "Whether I treat it with care or not... I think I'll wait to worry about that until it's worn down so much I can't shave anything else off it."
Inui: "I see... If I had your talent, my plans may have come to fruition a year earlier."
He slid his feet from a solid position, looking like a heavyweight boxer. Inui, uninjured, seemed larger than life.
Inui: "Huu...... haaaaahh—"
Senri: "Retribution, huh..."
He would strike me repeatedly from very close-range—in other words, his perfected Root Reflection was approaching.
I was in the position he had just been in now. Inui intended to do with me exactly as I'd done with him now that I was out of energy.
Senri: "...He's merciless."
I began my own preparations while he did his.
I bit through the tip of my tongue and rolled the taste of blood around in my mouth. I touched the nerves of my now useless, ripped up arm and felt sharp pain there.
I sharpened my senses as much as I could by tricking my brain into thinking I was on the verge of death.
I was putting my adrenaline to use. It was all I could do to dodge Inui's lightning-fast punches.
Inui: "Well, let's get started. I do hope you can keep up!"
He abandoned his defense and started his super close-range Root Reflection attack.
—He's fast! My hair flew about, the wind pressure cutting through it like scissors, and blood spurted from the lacerations I was suffering like rain.
Thunder rang out, almost bursting my ear drums, again and again and again and again.
I dodged. And dodged. And dodged. If I was hit once, it would all be over. Like Inui had, I called up a barrier of magic and just waited for my opportunity.
Inui: "20 more blows! I can go 20 more without taking a break! I wonder how long you'll have that lively look in your eyes for?!"
Senri: (—You monster...)
The overwhelming pressure from his punches was like a thunderstorm.
Inui: "This is it! You've done well for a single lowly OutCast!!"
There was a spray of blood like a pipe had burst.
Whose blood? Mine. Mine? Most likely. Who else's could it be?
His freely rampaging dust devils weren't just for show.
Even with blood in my eyes, I didn't close them.
If I broke concentration, Inui would hit me.
If he hit me, it was all over.
Senri: (...Is this how much pressure I was putting on you? ...And... you weathered it all...)
Sticky sweat—perspiration resulting from my concentration crawled all over me like leeches.
I had no idea when his assault would let up. My throat was beyond parched, and even small breaths caused me intense pain.
It was only a few seconds of time, but my nerves were being worn so thin I worried I might become shell-shocked.
Senri: "—Inui!"
I brought out wind with his check and used the recoil to gain some distance.
But—it was useless. Inui covered the same distance in the same time and as easily as he did that... check, check, check.
Inui: "It's useless! I know every way you think you can escape! You're dying right here!"
I was at my limit from the beginning. There was no way I could dodge all his attacks. But it was precisely because I was at my limit, because I knew it was useless—that I still tried to gain distance.
Inui knew what my mental state was like.
That was why I was sure he was thinking...
"I'll pump as much wind into him as I can to make him into an absolutely miserable corpse."
Senri: "Inui..."
Inui: "There's no use crying and begging for your life at this point!"
Senri: "You never know how a game will go if you only play it once or twice. So only on the third time... can you get the outcome you want."
Inui wasn't listening. That was the wise choice. If you plugged your ears, no psychological tricks could work.
Senri: "This is the third time... Inui."
This was it. I pulled every bit of my frayed nerves together to call out in a voice that echoed everywhere around us:
Senri: "{FIONA!!}"
Inui: "You cling to the same trick so many times! It's always like that with you as soon as the pressure's on! So dull!!"
He could only check Fiona's condition for a single instant while we were fighting.
He just flicked his eyes over to her in the darkness.
Inui hadn't been neglecting to do that.
Senri: "God doesn't play with dice."
When my movements became sluggish, Inui's hands approached to seize me.
Above Inui's head, where his face wore a hostile smile—a silver world formed.
Fiona: "[Parents and candy / are two things you can't expect / to last forever.]"
An elegant pattern of ice descended above Inui like the Milky Way. The identity of the falling star—was Kousaki Fiona Annabel, who should have still been on the ground.
Inui: "—?!"
{Fiona was still on the ground in the bushes}.
Fiona: "I won't hurt anyone anymore. So all I can offer you is support."
She was in range to finish him, but Fiona didn't strike the defenseless Inui, merely putting her hands through his arms like they were playing cat's cradle.
Inui: "Impossible!"
Inui's eyes darted about, regardless of the fact that both his arms were trapped in ice now, cestus and all.
The Fiona who had just appeared.
The collapsed Fiona.
Inui's eyes flashed rapidly between them—
Inui: "—"
The look in his eyes changed.
He had probably realized...
just who was the fool.
Inui: "......An ice... sculpture? Ridiculous, it's too elaborate..."
Senri: "You should be more aware than anyone how talent doesn't play by the rules."
Our preparation for victory had begun with those whispered words.
"......Yes...... huh?"
"{If you don't like it, ignore it}."
"You're evil, you know that?"
Taking that exchange to mean she'd agreed, all I had to do then was trust her to come through.
Like I'd instructed, she'd gotten blown over to the edge of the grounds by Inui's whirlwind, then created a model of her legs that Inui could confirm from this distance.
She'd taken her boots off and put them on ice legs to make it look like she was still there. Then she'd lain low and waited for the rest of the fight.
What was most important was that she'd followed my instruction not to jump out until I'd called her name twice.
That was because in order to fool the fastidious Inui, I had to lay the groundwork of using Asahi's and Fiona's names as bluffs to make him think the trick wouldn't work a third time.
Inui: "SENRI!!"
As a result—in the short time it would take Inui to free himself from his ice shackles, he was defenseless.
I probably only had one chance to win.
I only had the time to hit him once.
I had to take Inui down with just one hit.
{So}...
Senri: "'If you're experienced enough to be able to handle more sophisticated magic, you should be able to adjust it enough that it retains its strength—without having it hit you too.'"
Senri: "Inui... you said it yourself."
On the other hand, it was fortunate for Inui.
After all, it was just one hit—he just had to weather one hit.
I would be out of schemes if he could survive that one hit.
Inui: "You and... your DIRTY TRIIICKS!!"
Fiona: "Senri... Give Inui... a punch for me!!"
Fiona was trying to make her peace. She was reborn now, but she couldn't consign everything in her past to oblivion.
Giving her the time to prepare to burn the sight into her retinas, I wordlessly raised the price of the settlement I was about to slug him with.
Senri: "One punch. Just one punch and you'll be forgiven of all your sins. Get ready, Inui!"
I sent my fist into his side and felt his ribs shatter.
Inui: "GBAH!"
The moment I sunk my fist into his core, I manifested a magic circle. The explosive gusts I called up at point blank—
—laid waste to Inui's vital organs.
Senri: "I won't lose in a real fight where anything goes."
Hit by the very wind he specialized in, Inui couldn't weather the blow, just like I'd predicted.
His feet left the ground with the impact and I watched him fly into the building like an arrow, whereupon his back crashed through the wall.
I definitely felt the impact in my fist. Without checking, I could be sure that I'd done enough damage to him that he wouldn't be standing up again.
Fiona: "Senri."
Senri: "What?"
Fiona: "My feelings are pretty complicated, but... I'll just say the word that came to mind. Thanks."
Senri: "...We can talk later. I'm going inside and stopping the experiment. Would you restrain Inui, Fiona?"
Fiona: "No way. What do you think you can do with that arm? You'll be helpless if you're attacked inside; I'm coming too."
Senri: "Instead of worrying about me, you should be thinking about how best to make sure Inui stays put when he comes to without hurting him."
I concentrated on moving my feet as I told her the plan. I was worried about Asahi who'd entered earlier as well.
Fiona: "Wait, Senri—"
A bloodcurdling sound made me stop. I couldn't help hoping those bad hunches I get (that are usually right) could be wrong just this once.
Inui: "...I was so enthusiastic... to crush you utterly... and look what happened..."
He was barely conscious, but his wounds were most likely grave.
He looked weak, like a newborn lamb who couldn't stand on its own yet; I really didn't think you could say he'd "weathered" my attack.
Senri: "Take a nap, old man. You're not fighting anymore like that."
Inui: "Oh...?"
All of a sudden Inui had coaxed his beaten, shaking body into taking something out and smashing it against the ground.
I realized it had been a vial full of water from the violent splash that had resulted.
It wasn't funny seeing Inui crawling on the ground searching for something, oblivious to the glass fragments in his hand; the sight was more chillingly unpleasant.
Inui: "So if I can fight again, you'll face me once more...?"
When his searching hand grasped something—I realized what he was implying.
Senri: "No, you wouldn't use one of {those}. There are side effects, aren't there?"
Fiona: "—A Neocrystallization? Is that what you mean, Senri?"
The Neocrystallizations... I could easily tell their purpose was magic strengthening by thinking back to the magic of the clone we witnessed in Inui's mansion.
But it was also abundantly clear from the monsters at the experiment facility that the negative effects on the human body would make something like the moon face you get from steroids seem like a joke.
These cursed results of human experiments on OutCasts... if their safety was guaranteed, then there'd be no reason to keep them to use as a trump card like this.
Inui: "It's as you said... I'll gladly use my life for my goals..."
Inui: "...I'll sell my soul as many times as I need to... I... We have things to accomplish...!!"
Inui proved that determination real by using the Neocrystallization.
The same girl... the same face that we'd seen several hours earlier in that Atori research lab was waiting for us up on the roof.
Ruu: "It's not very nice to keep a lady waiting, you know! People who are late to dates are just the worst."
Haruto: "...I don't remember asking you on a date, and I don't plan on doing it any time in the future either. I have more important people to be with than you."
I played along with her banter (even though I usually wouldn't) because I wanted to try to keep cool, even if it was just pretending, instead of getting swallowed up by the unease I was feeling.
Ruu: "Well that's just too bad. I was even thinking you might be kinda cute, fella."
Haruto: "I have questions for you, and I'd like you to answer them."
Ruu: "You'd toss a girl aside without a second look and then interrogate her? What a brute!"
Ruu: "But that might not be all bad. I don't hate being treated rough, you know."
Haruto: "Who on earth are you? Did you mean what you said in that Atori lab...?"
Ruu: "Ruu is just Ruu, you know. Nothing more or less than that."
Ruu: "It's rarer for someone to know who they really are, anyway. Most don't even try to find out."
Haruto: "Don't change the subject; just answer me. Were you the one who made Riku-chan do that...?!"
Ruu: "Aha, you mean when Atori Riku stabbed Mikuriya Akeno to death?"
She acted like it was a joyous event, when to me and to Riku-chan it was a tragedy we could hardly accept.
Ruu: "It was! Didn't I say so? That I controlled Atori Riku to get rid of a thorn in our side."
Haruto: "I've never heard of any magic like that!"
Ruu: "So what? You think the world just consists of what you've seen with your own eyes and heard with your own ears? It's what you can't see that's closer to the truth, you know."
Ruu: "Of course, this shouldn't be the first time anyway. Haven't you seen things outside the possibilities of magic before, fella?"
Ruu: "The prophecies of the witches that lead Macbeth astray..."
Her gaze moved to Asahi.
Ruu: "They're not trials, you know. They're one of those things beyond magic, like what we can do."
Ruu: "You're free to think of them what you will, of course, but they're not leading you to any Land of Dreams, that's for sure."
Asahi: "...How do you know about that?"
Ruu: "Ruu's ears don't hear just what comes from the mouth. Ruu can hear the voices bubbling up out of people's hearts too."
Ruu: "She knows how you continue to avert your eyes from reality, and how you use your power as if it were given to you only for that purpose, as well."
Asahi: "—?!"
Haruto: "What are you talking about?! What power?!"
Ruu: "You'll find out soon enough. After all, you have that power yourself, fella."
She reached between her breasts and took out a vial.
Inside it were several small gem-like things.
Ruu: "These are called Fragments. They're crystallizations of the Elements that scattered about Agartha on that day last year."
Ruu: "The man fighting down on the ground plans to fuse these Fragments together to form something called a Neocrystallization."
Ruu: "These Neocrystallizations are highly pure masses of Elements, so if you take them into your body, you can rapidly raise your magical ability."
Ruu: "That's right, even someone with no magic aptitude at all could gain the power of a Master-class Caster like this."
Ruu: "Inui, who's fighting down below, was planning to use these to carry out his own ambitions."
Haruto: "So you're on Inui's side."
Ruu: "Mmm, you could say that, but, strictly speaking, you could also... not say that."
Ruu: "Our goal and Inui's ambitions couldn't be more different. They're different on every level."
Ruu: "I'm sure Inui thinks he's moving the cogs with his own hands, but the truth is that he's only one of those cogs himself."
Ruu: "In the end, Inui and Mikuriya Akeno were both just tools to help us find a certain thing we've been looking for."
Haruto: "A certain thing...?"
Ruu: "This is still a secret. Oh, but I wouldn't mind telling you just a little more, fella."
Ruu: "Since we're going to find out right now whether you have that something we're looking for or not."
Haruto: "I have it...?"
Ruu: "You have no idea what I mean, do you?"
She was right on the money, but I wasn't sure if that was because of the "power" she'd mentioned or because anyone would be able to tell looking at my face. But either way, the end result was the same.
Ruu: "But that's alright! It will become clear in no time using these Fragments!"
Ruu: "If you absorb these into your body and you're still alright afterward, it'll just mean Ruu was right and you were the container for what we're looking for after all."
Ruu: "But if {he's} right, what we're looking for isn't in you but in the person you're carrying on your back there."
Haruto: "On my back...?"
Noah: "Haah... haah..."
Noah-chan was panting in pain on my back.
Ruu: "You can't fuse these Fragments even with the latest technology."
Ruu: "But waaait# I thought you could only form Neocrystallizations by fusing Fragments#!"
Ruu: "That's right#! You can fuse Fragments using a human body#!"
Haruto: "A human body...?"
Before I could question her strange one-man play, my hair was standing on end from the contents of her act.
Ruu: "If you implant several Fragments in a human body, they'll fuse together."
Ruu: "But an excess of Elements can have adverse effects. You'll either go out of control or your body will break down... but really you end up the same way no matter what."
Ruu: "I believe you've seen what happens when people lose control. Though this would be a different process leading to that outcome."
The out-of-control mages who absorb too many Elements through their Rings. The fact that the government was covering up.
Ruu: "Well, I want to put you and the person on your back through sort of the same experience, fella. Got it?"
Haruto: "I understand what you're after, but I don't intend to go along with it quietly."
Ruu: "Mmm, I thought you might say that... But you know, Ruu'll get in trouble if you don't listen to her! What shall we do now?"
Haruto: "There's someone I have to help, so I can't go along with your plans!"
As soon as the elevator had started heading toward the roof, I'd had some amount of resolution toward this moment.
Haruto: "I'm sorry, wait here for just a bit."
Noah: "Mh..."
I slowly let Noah-chan down from my back.
Haruto: "Asahi, take care of Noah-chan."
Asahi: "...Right."
I turned around, calling my Magi into my hand.
Ruu: "Are you gonna get rough with me? Ooh, I might fall for you for real if you are!"
Haruto: "It's not right to be violent with girls. It isn't playing fair. But..."
Ruu: "It's alright, Ruu will do her very best too, so that you don't have to feel guilty at all♪"
She's got a cute face, but she's responsible for twisting someone's convictions and bringing about the worst possible conclusion.
She's a part of the evil that played with Riku-chan's fate and mine—she's at their core, in fact. I can't be fooled by her appearance.
I don't know what she has up her sleeve, but as long as I hang back and cower, she'll have the advantage.
"[Flames of azure! Mow them dooown!!]"
I shook off my doubts and dashed toward her—but my assault was checked by several blades that appeared with no warning.
Haruto: "Is this a Magi?!"
I jumped back after the unidentifiable objects manifested.
Ruu: "It is. It's my first time showing it to you, isn't it?"
Ruu: "It's part of the series of high-end devices that Atori makes. Just like yours, fella."
The keen-edged blades floating in the air spread out and returned to their owner.
Ruu: "But you know, these were made specially for Ruu's abilities. As for how well they perform... I'll let you experience that firsthand, okay?"
Ruu: "Though it might be a bit rough on you, since you can barely stand as it is!"
She knew exactly what condition I was in.
The damage I'd taken in my earlier battle was only wearing on me more now, but I couldn't retreat here. I was the only one who could protect Asahi and Noah-chan.
But most importantly, I couldn't let an opportunity for the revenge I'd been seeking for so long slip away.
Haruto: "I can't afford to lose again!!"
I mustered up what little willpower I had left and focused it all into my Magi.
Inui: "It feels like all the blood in my body is boiling. Images of the most powerful magic keep bubbling up in my mind."
Inui: "I can say with certainty, despite having no concrete proof, that I, that my magic... has far surpassed what it was once capable of."
One thing was certain.
Even if Inui fell here, his plans for those Neocrystallizations would carry on without him.
There was someone else behind this conspiracy—Inui wasn't the mastermind, which meant there would be someone to replace him.
Senri: "Inui, I want to hear this from you."
Senri: "Right now someone is experimenting on those two, trying to form Neocrystallizations... It's Ruu, isn't it?"
Inui: "So you've figured that out. You're correct. My dear comrade Ruu is practically my other half. If I fall, she will carry out our plans."
Fiona: "Her...? What on earth are you two planning?"
Inui: "What would the point be in answering? You two are going to meet your doom here now, after all!!"
Inui's unshakable conviction drew forth a storm. Countless whirlwinds wreaked havoc as if in allegiance to him.
They mowed down trees, swept up flaming vehicles, and merged into an all-encompassing maelstrom—standing before us as a massive whirlwind of flames.
Inui: "Well?! I'd say my magic's nigh-on miraculous now!! I'm dying to hear what you think!!"
This was an unparalleled phenomenon, far surpassing anything mankind had produced before... surpassing, indeed, even miracles.
Senri: "......Inui... in your current state, even magic on this scale is no trouble for you, is it?"
I felt a chill. An almost spiritual sweat seemed to drip stickily down my back.
I recalled an elephant I'd seen at the zoo as a child; its massive frame and the heavy thuds it produced when it walked.
It was frightening, but at the same time impressive. You could even say I'd been captivated by its overwhelming might.
Fiona: "Undefiable power is something you feel right in your bones, huh?"
Fiona: "I could tell in an instant that the only right option here is to throw away all ideas of resistance and run."
The firestorm, spreading out as far as we could see, was fierce enough to snatch away all the fighting spirit of those present.
Inui was now the supreme ruler of this territory, and none could escape his tyranny.
It was everywhere. The aberrant devil's maelstrom swallowed up everything in sight, and we were its next prey.
Fiona: "It'll cut us up, keep on spinning even after we're dead, and send little bits of us flying all around town."
She was voicing these things we both knew all too well because the scope of the phenomenon before us was just too difficult to accept.
Senri: "If we just wait for the tornado to peter out, it'll all be too late, huh."
Fiona: "What? If we stay here, we'll die. Temporarily retreating and waiting for a chance to strike is a valid strategy too."
Inui: "Senri! Can you hold your head up high and say that you're 'living' right now?!"
Senri: "......"
Inui: "Can you really say you're 'living' when all you're experiencing is the false happiness in conforming to this husk of a society?!"
Fiona: "Don't be fooled. They're empty words meant to keep us here with him."
Inui: "Fiona! You too. I was the one who taught you life! Can you hold your head high and tell me you're 'living' now?"
Fiona: "I don't believe I need to answer any of the questions of the man who took my family from me."
Inui: "That's where you're wrong. You should thank me for taking them from you! So that you could really live. It was only because of me that your life wasn't completely meaningless!"
Fiona: "Well, I'm so thankful that I could just kill you."
Inui: "Because you lost your family right before your eyes, you experienced a despair so profound you considered suicide, didn't you? That made you consider life all the more seriously!"
Inui: "Thanks to me, you were spared living in peace. You didn't have to taste the agony of living like you were dead."
Apparently Neocrystallizations aren't all-powerful. Inui's magic ability was vastly elevated, but it was clear from his condition that you couldn't hope for any healing effects from them.
Inui's powerful words made it seem at a glance like he'd recovered, but it was probably a temporary effect of the endorphins coursing through him.
His life was hanging in the balance—he'd narrowly escaped death, and was now putting his beliefs into words, using his soul as kindling.
Inui: "I've sacrificed everything, used everyone I could, and even while shunned and scorned, I've continued chasing the answer I came to on my own."
His fragile human body, covered only by its thin skin, was slowly wearing down.
No matter how powerful it is, magic itself has no will. The moment its caster, Inui, takes his control away from it, it will merely wreak its havoc indiscriminately.
Inui: "I'm truly living, moreso than anyone else!!"
Inui: "Will you postpone dealing with the obstacle that I present you?! Can you really say you're 'living' if you do?!"
Senri: "...You've got a point."
I'd unconsciously started retreating, but I consciously stopped my feet. When I did, Fiona grabbed my arm.
Fiona: "What are you thinking? You're not the type to rise to his bait, are you?"
It was nothing so cheap as that. What Inui was doing now was shouting his soul out at us. Whether I ran or faced him, this was his final blow, with all his strength, both mental and physical, placed behind it.
Senri: "It's a roundabout way to say it, but I get what you mean. You want to say 'let's settle this,' right?"
Senri: "Let me give you my answer, then—bring it on."
Fiona: "...Oh, really? Really! Fine, then! Do what you want! It's coming!!"
The power all coming together was rising to its zenith, and I could feel with my whole body that we'd entered the domain of the firestorm.
There was nothing for me to cling to, and my feet felt like they were about to leave the ground, but they were strangely unmoving. When I looked down, I found that they'd been stuck down with ice.
Fiona: "God's blessings won't save you if you lose your grip on the ground!"
Senri: "You sure are useful."
Fiona: "Well I wouldn't be helping you if you were just gonna blindly rush at him like an idiot! You've got some plan, right!? What do I do?"
Senri: "...Well. Nothing in particular?"
Fiona: "Huh? Nothing? At a time like this? ...You haven't... g-given up, have you?"
She'd interpreted my calm in the face of undefeatable magic as acceptance of death.
And that was a reasonable assumption. Fiona, on the other hand, was turning pale, since she'd believed I had some ace up my sleeve.
Senri: "You've got front row seats. Don't worry about anything."
Senri: "You did good, Fiona. You stuck to your creed not to kill anyone and stopped at restraining Inui. Now it's time to pay him back what we owe him."
Senri: "Just leave the rest to me and watch what comes next."
Fiona: "...Senri... what are you going to do...?"
Destruction was coming for me in front of my eyes, but my heart was quiet, like a calm sea.
Inui: "Survive this if you caaan!! SenriiiiiiIIIiiiiiiiIIIIIiiii!!"
I scooped up all the air I could gather in my hand and let it sink in.
I felt the determination in the wrinkles of my palm, underneath my nails, and in my very pores.
Senri: "In that you've led countless lives astray to fulfill your goals, we're somewhat similar."
I activated the magic. A gust formed, ruffling my hair, but it was quickly wiped out by Inui's twister.
Senri: "Inui—I'm feeling more 'alive' then ever right now too."
I activated the magic. A small whirlwind formed, something you might see on an athletic field on a clear day, but it quickly became prey for the giant twister.
Fiona: "...Senri...... are you gonna get serious at some point...?!"
Senri: "Well, I haven't handled magic on this scale since back then, you know..."
Senri: "Don't get blown away, Fiona."
With those two activations, I'd tuned the sound of the wind.
Senri: "It's hard to beat a monster... but it's easy to become one."
I activated the magic for the third time—in an instant, a wind on a whole different level started forming, letting loose a loud cry.
A tower. An enormous twister formed, like a tower tall enough to reach Heaven.
There was only one place for me to send it now that it was built.
As Inui had sent his at me.
It was only fair of me to do the same to him.
Inui: "—?!"
A raging firestorm that threatened to destroy the very world met a raging firestorm that threatened to destroy the very world.
Fiona: "—Wh- huh...? Senri, what the...?!"
Devil's wind and devil's wind clashed. It was a contest of strength whose outcome no one could foresee.
Inui: "Is this a nightmare...? Using the same magic as me after I've heightened my power with a Neocrystallization... it's impossible."
Inui: "So then what was our earlier fight? What on earth did you have to hide this much power for?"
Senri: "It's up to you whether you want to believe me or not, but it's not like I was hiding it. The conditions just came together."
Inui's wonder was similar to Ruu's evaluation of me as a "natural disaster."
They're too overwhelmed by the sight before their eyes to get to the heart of it—to question how I can suddenly use magic on the same scale as them.
Senri: "{I became able to use it just now}."
Inui: "Enough... of your jokes...!! I won't accept that!!"
There was a rich premonition of death. The frightening shockwaves tore the skin all over my body, and even the blood flowing from my wounds was swept up by the wind.
Fiona: "Ngh! Whose magic... will win?!"
Devil's wind and devil's wind clashed. Stubbornness challenged stubbornness.
Inui: "I will win! Talent! The resolution to use a Neocrystallization! In every way, I am your superior!!"
Devil's wind and devil's wind clashed. And as a result...
I gave her the answer I'd already known at the same time the contest ended.
Senri: "You can keep this up... but I don't see my impression of you changing at all from it."
Our devil's winds erased each other and died out, and in the complete stillness they left us with, it was clear that they'd had the exact same strength.
Inui: "......"
Inui smiled boldly, and—
Inui: "......Gfh!"
—spat up a massive amount of blood, signaling the end of our fight.
Fiona: "......"
Senri: "We should make sure, Fiona. He might be acting."
Fiona: "R-Right..."
Inui looked up at us, moving just his eyes where he lay. He couldn't even move on his own anymore, so there was no need to restrain him.
Inui: "Even if I had another move planned... you'd probably just surpass me once more."
Inui: "You'd overcome it easily... with that horridly composed look on your face... as if it were no trouble at all..."
Inui: "I feel fury coming from the bottom of my heart for the first time in quite a while. I can't believe things didn't go as planned. That's not something I've experienced much..."
The words could be taken as either gratitude or grievance, but I could guess his meaning from his tone.
Inui was at the end of his rope, both mentally and physically. His suffering after taking my Root Reflection attack and experiencing the unknown side effects of the Neocrystallization wasn't an act.
Inui: "The purest Neocrystallization would be suitable for you... Your magic, strengthened... would mean my wish coming true all the sooner..."
Inui: "...I wanted to show everyone... the moment man surpassed God..."
Inui muttered a little of his true plans, abandoning his pretense of getting Fiona's sympathy by speaking of the destruction of magic society.
Inui: "They're perfect for the experiment... Do you really have time to be talking to me...?"
We had no time in several senses, but as Inui's life was fading away, there was something I needed to ask him before I entered the building.
Senri: "You know the name 'Amabuki,' don't you?"
Inui: "Amabuki... I see. Your goal is—"
Inui sat up and reached out to grab me.
Inui: "NGH?!"
With no warning whatsoever, a hole opened in Inui's chest. I recognized the bullet wound right away.
It was a small mercy. By sitting up, he'd managed to avoid a fatal wound, but his face was contorted with pain.
Fiona: "I-Inui?!"
Senri: "Fiona, get back! It's the sniper from the harbor!"
Inui: "Haahh, haahh... Trying to... silence me... Stupid..."
Fiona: "I-Inui?! Let's get him somewhere safe!!"
Panic spurred Fiona into action.
Maybe there were still some feelings for him in her heart somewhere. She ran to him and protected him with her body, without even using magic.
Inui: "—Move!!"
Fiona was shoved aside, thrown to the ground.
When she turned around, she saw Inui with a rifle bullet through his forehead.
Fiona: "........."
Inui's final act hadn't been to put his hands around her throat when she ran to him—but to fling her away.
Fiona: "............S-Sen—"
Senri: "Don't say it."
He'd protected her.
Whatever conscience he had had moved him.
To protect his daughter.
Senri: "Don't feel gratitude for him because of a momentary emotion. Inui never felt love for you when he was bringing you up."
There was no contradiction in Inui's behavior.
Their last moments illustrate a person's true nature.
At the very end—for just that one moment, Inui was none other than Fiona's father. Her sensei.
Just as the priest had prayed for her happiness, if he hadn't been so twisted, Inui would have been capable of feeling for her as well.
Fiona: "........."
But if she accepted that... Fiona would sink into even deeper darkness than she was in before.
Senri: "It's a fitting end for someone who's used so many people. And he wasn't protecting you from the sniper just now, but pushing you away, just like it sounded."
The dead are always irresponsible. They're irresponsible—but there's something at my core that dislikes speaking ill of them.
Senri: "He got what he deserved."
Still, that's just what I did. I thought that if speaking ill of Inui would help Fiona maintain her mental equilibrium, it's what I should do.
Inui used others to achieve his goals—he's no different from me. The results we were after were different, but we've taken the same path toward them.
That's probably why the words seem self-deprecating when I say them.
Fiona: "......Haha..."
Fiona: "...That's right... The one who gave me the name Fiona...... The one who first called me Fiona was......"
Fiona: "........."
Her words didn't continue. She probably couldn't find the right ones.
Fiona pushed her emotions down with an indescribable expression on her face, like she was laughing and crying all at once.
Senri: (A super long-distance sniping with a Magi, and it was a clean shot through his forehead too.)
There were no following shots. If Fiona and I had been on the sniper's list, we'd have been killed already.
It makes sense if silencing Inui was the extent of their job... but why kill their employer?
Senri: "Fiona."
Fiona: "......"
Senri: "Stay here. You'll just get in my way if you follow me like that."
All Fiona gave me in response was a tiny nod I almost missed. In the end, she never took her eyes off Inui.
Senri: "—One thing after another..."
The moment I faced the building, I saw a light almost like a lightning strike shoot up toward the sky.
Senri: "...The roof, eh?"
I didn't have the time to comb the building. I ran toward the source of the light.
====================G011.TXT====================
A single person's life is a fleeting thing.
There are millions and billions of them in the world, so they're not particularly hard to come by.
Should a few of them be lost, new lives are immediately created to make up for them. The circle of life keeps moving.
As soon as you're born, a countdown to your death begins. You spend your whole life living just to die. When I think about that, I can hardly feel attached to anything, even my own life.
I have no attachment to anything—but I pretend not to notice that nagging feeling in my heart and just tell myself it's okay like that.
But that's changed now.
I couldn't do anything about it.
It was changed for me.
The changes in my heart have called up a storm of thunder and lightning. All this tragedy has awoken a smoldering rage inside me.
The old me is gone now. Because the people I consider precious have changed me—
She once told me that fury and rage are completely different things.
In a rage, you're just screaming out your feelings as you experience them.
But when you're furious with someone, you're expecting something from them.
She said there was no way you could be furious with someone when you don't see them as having any worth.
I see. I get the feeling I understand what she meant by that now.
I'm sure there's no consideration for my target inside my heart right now. I can hardly even consider my own life.
So then this is rage. It's a pure desire for anger with no forgiveness for the subject.
I'm taking nothing but my bloodlust into consideration as I fly toward my target.
Ruu: "That's not very safe, you know! Shooting one of those at someone."
The incomprehensible clown of a girl blocked the magic I sent at her and cracked a joke.
It looks as though those floating blades drew together to defend against my lightning strike.
Is it a high-end device...?
So there are ones I'm not aware of.
Riku: "Why won't you die?"
Lightning isn't something you can guard against after you notice it coming. The outcome should have been decided the moment I shot it. So why does she remain in this world?
Ruu: "I heard your voice. Your heart screaming out so desperately with your desire to kill me."
Riku: "So not only can you control people, you can tell what they're thinking too. Is that your power?"
I was disgusted by the thought of her intruding so brazenly on my thoughts—though if I didn't have to explain that feeling to her in words, I suppose it wasn't all bad.
Ruu: "You mustn't blame yourself, now. It's true it was you who stabbed Mikuriya Akeno, but it was me who made you do it."
It had all started with our meeting at the mall.
I'm guessing she has to touch her target to use her power. That's why she'd kissed me. But I don't care about any of that anymore.
Riku: "You're a pretty terrible person to pretend to pull the knife out while you dig it in deeper. But you won't be a person at all soon, so."
Ruu: "Well, this is a bother... Ruu and this fella over here are making love at the moment..."
Ruu: "I think we're just about done, though. If I do any more, he really might die!"
Haruto: "...Riku...chan...?"
Haruto-san was red all over, his whole body cut up, and it looked like he was barely managing to stand with the support of his Magi.
Ruu: "Are you alright, though? Your heart is practically screaming, you know."
She really could see right through me. Emergency signals were being sent from deep in my chest into my brain.
But I had no intention of listening to those warnings. All my pain receptors had gone numb.
Riku: "I don't imagine I'll come out of this alright. But then, I don't intend to anyway."
Ruu: "Laying your life on the line, eh? Ooh, it just brings a tear to my eye! Poor little Ruu's tear ducts are on the brink of disaster here#!"
Riku: "...Shut your mouth!"
I'd anticipated as much, but my second magic attack was blocked by her Magi too.
Riku: "If it doesn't work from a distance, I'll just ram it right into your face, then."
Ruu: "Works for me# Ruu loves it when people ram things into her♪"
I wanted to shut that mouth of hers as soon as I could—that was all I wished, all I strove for as I ran forward.
Countless blades rained down on me to block my path.
I didn't want to waste a single step.
I had to kill her even a second sooner.
I dodged past the close formation of blades as narrowly as possible.
Ruu: "What about {this}?"
She must have predicted my movements. An unavoidable attack swept toward my carotid as if to say all her previous attacks were just a ploy to lure me to this spot.
Ruu: "That's incredible. This Magi is made to be pretty sturdy, you know."
Riku: "It's just a machine in the end. If it's burdened past its limits, it's only natural that it breaks."
Ruu: "I see# But you don't look like you're holding together all too well yourself."
My heart felt like someone was squeezing it in my chest. Everything around me seemed to recede before my eyes.
It was probably because of the strain on my heart from my magic use.
Ruu: "Ruu's Magi, and you... I wonder which will be the first to break?"
The sneer of someone ridiculing another for her ignorance. It was such an eyesore that it forced me to face her.
I didn't mind if it all ended here.
If I could take her with me, down to Hell, where Akeno-san was probably waiting.
I readied myself once more and faced her again, but in front of my eyes wasn't the object of my revenge, but a boy with wounds all over his body.
Riku: "...You're in my way. Please move."
Haruto: "............"
He looked at me with sad eyes, the expression in them difficult to classify as anything specific, like pity or concern.
I can always tell more or less what he's feeling when I look into those eyes.
When he was having fun, his eyes would be totally innocent, when he was sad, they would cloud over in complete sincerity—yet for some reason I'm now not able to tell what's going on behind those eyes.
Riku: "Please move...!"
I couldn't take it anymore and tried to shove him aside and continue forward.
Haruto: "...Riku-chan, I'm sorry..."
That was the last thing I heard.
I felt an impact to the back of my head. I was already practically numb, so the pain was nothing.
But all the strength suddenly went out of me and darkness filled my vision. I knew I'd fallen to the ground when I felt the chill of concrete on my cheek.
Riku: "Wh-Why..."
Haruto: "...I'm sorry..."
As my consciousness faded, I was struck clearly by one horrible truth.
That I'd failed. That I hadn't been able to get revenge for Akeno-san.
Tears naturally spilled from my eyes.
A sign of my defeat.
Proof of someone weak bowing to someone strong—
I'm sorry, Akeno-san... I failed...
The bit of my consciousness I was barely managing to hold onto through my anger crumbled away into nothingness.
I looked down at Riku-chan where she now lay, unmoving.
My Magi slipped out of my hand and fell to the ground.
Ruu: "Sooo mean of you to take a girl by surprise like that! That's not playing faaair!"
Haruto: "......"
If I had let Riku-chan keep fighting, maybe she'd have been able to take Ruu down.
But that kind of thinking is so optimistic that it almost seems divorced from reality.
The effect her magic was having on her body was obviously devastating. It was clear to any observer who would have run out of strength first.
Haruto: "...I'm sorry, Riku-chan..."
It's true that I did her harm, but what made me more guilty was the fact that I'd prevented her from carrying out her will... I'd had to use force to stop her.
I might be on the receiving end of some of her hatred now.
But I couldn't think of any other way to do it.
If there's no way for me to make it up to her than to accept that hatred, then that's what I'll have to do.
Haruto: "...I have a favor to ask of you."
Ruu: "Of Ruu? Of course! Ask anything you like. I'll do anything you want, fella."
She must have been well aware that she'd had the initiative this whole time. She smiled at me like she had not a care in the world.
Haruto: "I don't care what happens to me. If you want to implant Fragments in me, you're welcome to."
Haruto: "...So please erase the fact that Akeno-san has died from Riku-chan's memories."
Haruto: "And that's not all. I want you to let Asahi and Noah-chan go, too. If you can promise me that, I'll work with you."
Asahi: "You can't do that! You'll die, Haruto!"
Ruu: "I know I said I'd do anything you want, but that's an awful lot of requests, fella."
Haruto: "You can manipulate people's memories, can't you? Then it should be possible—"
Ruu: "Of course it's possible. If I take the time, I can make her completely forget only those specific memories."
Ruu: "That's right, that boy... There was a boy that was your friend, wasn't there? The son of the man preaching magic liberation... What was his name again...?"
Haruto: "...You mean Akatsuki...?"
Ruu: "Right, right, I think that was it, anyway. Ruu fiddled with him juuust a little bit too."
Ruu: "Well, though in his case, I basically just let loose the frustrations he already had stuffed away inside."
Haruto: "...Just how awful... can you be...?!"
Ruu: "I can hear your anger loud and clear, fella. You can hardly bear it, can you? Me, and the fact that you have to rely on me, too."
Ruu: "In honor of that little internal conflict of yours, I think I'll agree to your deal, fella! Please press these to your chest, then."
I took the two white stones she'd taken out of the bottle.
Ruu: "Think you have the courage to accept defeat?"
I can't lose again—that determination had been driving me until today. I've kept that feeling in me even after losing everything else.
But right now I'm about to let go of even that. I'm about to give in once more.
Asahi watched me worriedly—when I saw her face, I found that last bit of courage I needed.
I pressed the stones to my chest—and was immediately assaulted by a sensation like all the blood in my body was gushing forth. My heart was throbbing and my whole body felt like it was burning.
Ruu: "Oh myyy, I didn't make a mistake, did I...?"
Blue flames flooded out from me regardless of my will.
Haruto: "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!"
I tried to put them out, but I couldn't control them at all.
Ruu: "Well, I guess it wasn't you after all, fella. It's too bad, huh? Ruu guessed wrong!"
Ruu: "Whiiich meeeans I guess it was that one, then."
Haruto: "Wh-What are you doing?!"
Ruu: "It's your fault, you know! You just had to go and betray Ruu's expectations. We'll have to make just one of those little conditions of yours void, alright?"
Asahi: "Stay back! If you get any closer, I'll shoot!"
Ruu: "Yes, yes. Move aside now, please."
Asahi was standing in her way to try and protect Noah-chan, but the blades shot at her and sent her flying.
Ruu: "After all this, you can't tell me that neither of them had it, okay#?"
Haruto: "Dammit!!"
I could barely move now, so my hand merely hung futilely in the air as I reached it toward them.
Ruu: "Okay#, it's time for your medicine# Be a good girl now, alright#?"
Noah: "...Mh."
Yet again, I was helpless to do anything.
Haruto: "DON'T DO IIIIIT!!"
The reality of my overwhelming defeat was thrust before me—
If you'd timed Senri from when he rushed into the Ministry of Magic to when he arrived on the roof, he probably would have achieved a record no one else could ever surpass.
He had already known where the emergency stairs would be based on experience, and had dashed up them, dealing with the annoying security guards who blocked his way as he went.
Senri was fond of parkour, but he eliminated all of the aesthetic components of the technique and prioritized its utility for movement to its fullest extent.
What was truly impressive was the fact that during all this, he was wounded so badly that he'd need emergency care, were he an ordinary person.
His joints screamed with each movement, his arm was harshly burned, his leg had a hole in it from a bullet—Senri wrenched the door to the roof open with not a single part of him in decent condition.
The chill of the air atop the skyscraper should have been pleasant to Senri in his state of extreme fatigue.
But what greeted him was a strange, ominous atmosphere that only doubled the amount of sweat on his skin.
Ruu: "Ru? Rururu? I smell a beast! Oooh, if it isn't Senriii...♪"
Ruu's gaze was on Noah, her guest of honor, but she had more than a little interest in this unexpected guest of hers as well.
Ruu: "Has it been a whole yeeear? I've hardly been able to wait! How have you beeeen?"
Senri: "We said we'd continue the unending dream, right? Thanks to that, I haven't been bored."
Though he was being spoken to, Senri's attention was focused on grasping the situation.
He put his eyes to work at their full capacity in an instant, sending them over everything worth investigation.
Bloody wails...
Pleading shouts...
A spent shell...
And the guest of honor, bringing forth a magic he'd never seen nor heard of before, that almost brought to mind absolute dominance.
It was so vast in both might and domain that it couldn't even be compared to the soap bubble barrier she'd produced at the harbor.
Ruu: "The minutes and seconds you countlessly squander won't be any asset to you. See? Feel this."
Ruu slowly closed her eyes and held her hands up as if she were about to receive a gift from God.
The blast that blew through the surroundings was like the roar of a dinosaur. Rumbling like that of an earthquake shook the building at regular intervals.
Ruu: "You see? She really is alive. You should be feeling the shockwaves every time her heart beats in your chest too."
Senri: "...Such a tease right after our reunion. What is it you want to say?"
Ruu: "You {don't know}? I don't want to hear something so rude under any circumstances, you hear me?"
Countless little orbs floating in the air as if to enclose the whole roof all popped like balloons.
All they felt from them was the harmless spark of static electricity, but the two both seemed to be able to instinctively tell not to go near them.
Senri: "......"
Senri picked up one of the sparkling gems that had scattered around Noah—likely a Fragment—and gazed at it.
Ruu: "We've taken that grand step forward. Our preparation to gouge out the wound of this rusted world is complete."
Ruu: "But you know Senri, Ruu just can't seem to hate you. We're truly peas in a pod—we just went two different ways at a major crossroad in our lives."
Ruu: "I'll try to see if I can get a little shelter just for you so you don't have to melt in the acid rain."
The girl hiding a beast within her reached out a hand to Senri on a whim. There was no lie in her words; she truly believed Senri to be the same sort as her.
Ruu: "Come to our side. We'll show you things no one else has ever seen before."
Senri: "I doubt such a stupid suggestion would leave any other impression on me than 'stupid.'"
Ruu: "My!!"
Senri: "When you ask something of someone above you, you should kneel down and lick their shoes first."
Senri: "Then I'd at least grab your face and spit 'no' into it."
Senri had been considering Ruu's chatter to be incidental noise, but now he smacked down the offer that would twist his very reason for living and took a step forward, in order to interrupt the unending chain of conspiracy.
Ruu: "Hmmmmmmm... tricky♪"
On the other hand, Ruu merely widened her sickly sweet smile and licked her lips, not at all concerned with the increasingly intense shockwaves.
Senri: "I came to get you, Noah."
The two opponents faced off in this aberrant space—watched by a pair of eyes as insignificant as a single grain of sand in a desert.
Hood/Touya: "The curtain falls on destiny. Or does it open instead?"
The observer's muttering was drowned out by the shockwaves emanating from the skyscraper.
The bewitching night sky was lit up bright, and the passions gathered around had to be set aside once more.
A darkness without end fell and the hidden feelings rose up to the next stage.
====================H001.TXT====================
The sweat of a man and a woman says much more than words could about how enriching a time they've spent together.
Fiona: "Hey... come on... Senri!"
Senri: "......Mph...... mph..."
I took a glance at the clock to find that we'd been at this for about an hour now. Fiona usually starts getting more vocal around this point.
Fiona: "Ngh, haah, it's still... morning, you know...? You don't have to move so... violently. Couldn't you be a little more considerate?"
Senri: "...Should we take a break, then?"
Fiona: "Don't joke. We started this together, didn't we? Mh, ngh—and, this is the good part... this is when it starts feeling really good..."
Senri: "Yet you look oddly tense."
Fiona: "Nh!! You look totally relaxed, don't you!"
I usually start to feel something around now, but it just doesn't tend to show on my face.
Fiona: "Ah, nnh, Senriii, no bending now... Go straight... down... deep... aaah, there you go! You can do it if you try!"
Senri: "Once you go past your limits is when it becomes truly stimulating... you should be feeling the same thing now, Fiona."
Fiona: "I know that, but... ah, it's so hot! Aaah! I— ngh, mmmmgh!!"
Senri: "...Mph... mph... here it comes... this is what life's all about, Fiona... just let it happen... as it happens..."
Heat flooded through me. My body was screaming with delight as I felt myself reaching new heights.
Fiona: "No... Senri! I-I can't take anymore! I'm falling apart!!"
Senri: "...Keep up, Fiona... Here we go..."
Once I'd figured out when she'd succumb, I just had to raise my speed a bit and accept my prize in the form of a "finish."
Fiona: "Huh?! Ah! So fast! W-Wait! Aaaaaaaaaaaaah! I'm... done!!"
Fiona had collapsed, but she'd maintained perfect form the entire time, and her record of 993 was plenty to be proud of.
I finished my 1,000th squat, a nice round number, and leaned against the wall to catch my breath.
Senri: "You're trembling."
Fiona: "Shut it... urghhh... I lost again... I finished first..."
Since our escape from the roof of the Ministry of Magic that day, we'd had to stay in until the heat died down outside.
But we haven't just been sitting around waiting for my arm to heal after the number Inui had done on it.
Even if I couldn't use my arm, I didn't intend to slack on my training.
Senri: (She recovered quickly.)
I rubbed my thighs after the rigorous training I'd just put them through. The wound I'd gotten from the sniper had healed before my arm had thanks to Fiona's precise treatment.
I was sure we'd have to act at some point, so I wanted to keep my weapons from rusting over.
This was my lonely fight against myself. Regardless of if there were one or two of us, what I had to do wouldn't change, but I can't deny that Fiona and I are stronger together.
Fiona: "I suppose the loser must be punished. ...Heheh, go ahead and laugh. You think it suits me to polish the floor like this, don't you?"
Senri: "That was a good last spurt, Fiona."
As I switched out a completely sweat-drenched towel for another one, I ran a hand over my arm from my shoulder to my fingers.
I wasn't particularly interested in the healing of my arm. What was really important wasn't having a weapon that could end things, but finding a way to do that.
Fiona: "My whole body is screaming... I'm in so much pain..."
Fiona left her hair stuck to her forehead with sweat, staring at the stationary terminal without really seeing it.
Fiona: "So in the end... they're saying that all the tragedies, starting with the human experiments, are Inui's work."
A bead of sweat traveled down Fiona's rising and falling chest.
She stretched out her legs and rubbed her thighs, picking up only the audio of the reports that had not a shred of new information in them.
Fiona: "Inui seized the power of the Ministry of Magic for his own gain, and now people are talking about the dangers of the magic regulation system again."
Senri: "You can practically hear the screams of the people, huh?"
Fiona: "Uh, there's nothing 'practically' about this..."
I opened the window a little in response to the annoyed way she gestured at it.
We heard the sounds of protesters marching against all the societal problems dissolving the Ministry of Magic would bring about.
Fiona: "That's happening right now. It's been more and more frequent lately."
The Ministry's activities had been temporarily frozen, resulting in a huge scandal—and it seemed evident now that from these demonstrations regarding its dissolution, the anti-magic faction, which had gone quiet lately, was getting back into action.
Fiona: "Inui, plotting to overthrow the government, was shot to death by BURST."
Senri: "I guess that's the {story}."
There was no way for the press to know Inui's real aim.
Inui was trying to manufacture a power that would surpass God by refining the ultimate Neocrystallization—essentially, his aim was to {become} God.
Someone is twisting the truth to become more convenient to them. The conspiracy is still continuing after our attack on the Ministry.
Senri: "...I'm sure we could get some clues if we could contact Kamidate."
Fiona: "It's not as if getting antsy about it is going to get us anywhere. Aren't I right?"
Senri: "So much so that you've left no impression."
Fiona: "More importantly, gimme a massage, Senri. Right now, I won't even be able to resist if you touch me a little somewhere else too."
The pose she struck almost made her look like some sort of gravure model.
It was probably because of how toned Fiona's whole body was, making her beauty incomparable to those whose beauty was just in their face.
Noah: "Senri, Fiona, good morninged."
Seeing Fiona lying on the floor, panting and drenched in sweat, Noah's sleepy eyelids shot open.
Noah: "...Why all sweaty? You're pooped, Fiona. Explain please."
Senri: "She's into playing chair now. Sorry, but could you take a seat, just to humor her?"
I took out a coin and attempted to hand it to her, but she stuck out a piggy bank she was holding behind her back instead.
Noah: "Thanks bunches."
I didn't know what she was intending to use it for, but I was glad she was learning to save money, at least.
Fiona: "Stop! Noah, you'll regret this you knooooohoho, hoho, get off me! Have pity for my injured muscles, get oooff!"
Noah: "Senri, Senri. Why does Fiona like doing stuff that makes her so tired?"
Senri: "Ask her."
Noah: "The miraculous Fionachair. Feels as nice as sitting on human skin."
Fiona: "Agya!! I'm putting everything I have into my legs, but if you put your weight on me—the lactic acid!!"
Noah: "No reply. It's just a Fionachair."
I decided to take pity on her and answer on her behalf, since she couldn't speak from all the pain.
Senri: "For people like us, if we're not tired, we just don't feel right."
Senri: "We don't have anything to do right now, so we push ourselves. And while we're pushing ourselves, we can tell ourselves that it's to make us ready for what's to come."
Senri: "The time you spend on something is the one thing that will never lie to you."
Noah: "Hmm hmm."
Fiona: "What doesn't kill you makes you stronger."
Noah: "Wahee!"
Fiona sat up, launching Noah off of her. She gracefully caught the towel I tossed at her and started wiping away her sweat.
Fiona: "We're not so confident in ourselves that we can think we're superior to everyone else just because our magic is a little stronger than most."
Fiona: "Basic strength can be a psychological support. The boring, lonely effort you put into honing that strength is what really counts in the end."
Noah: "Absitively, without a doubt."
Senri: "........."
Noah was cheerful, like her abduction by the Ministry hadn't even happened.
But I couldn't just think of the phenomenon I'd seen up on that roof as a Neocrystallization experiment.
In the end, I'd succumbed to the shockwaves Noah had been producing and my fight with Ruu hadn't come to a conclusion.
We'd managed to recover Noah when Fiona heard the commotion and came running, but Ruu is still alive.
Before I knew it, I found my fingers reaching for a puzzle ring. If thinking about it wouldn't bring me to a conclusion, it'd be better to switch gears a little.
Fiona: "One moment, Senri-san."
Senri: "Excuse me...?"
I turned around when she stopped me and was greeted with a devious smile, like she was scheming some way to get back at me, but for what, I didn't know.
I couldn't mistake the smile she'd given me on that night she'd come into my room—a smile from when she hadn't been quite sure about how to live her life.
Fiona: "Don't you think it would be better for the environment if we showered together?"
Senri: "The environment won't cry or smile, so it's left no impression on me."
Fiona: "Tch. You're no fun at all. I thought I'd comfort you again, too!"
Senri: "...You're good."
Fiona: "? At what? Have you decided you want to do as you please with my bewitching body after all?"
Sometimes she uses phrases or gestures that make it seem like she's gone back to how she was at the church... but I'd say it's more 50/50 right now.
Still, the Fiona who interacted with others as if there were a thin film between them is nowhere to be found now.
Senri: "Don't push yourself. You can rest a bit more."
Fiona: "I don't want to hear that from a man who doesn't even have the courage to lay a hand on a woman who can't move an inch♪"
Her appearance had returned to that of the lively sister, but her poisonous tongue was as sharp as ever.
Noah: "Senri, ta-daaah."
Senri: "...? What is it?"
Fiona and I brought our faces together to peer at the flyer Noah held out to us.
Fiona: "They're currently displaying a manmade aurora at the Christmas Illumination event at the mall. You want to go?"
Senri: "We're not going."
Fiona: "Not even considering it, huh?"
From the size of the mall, I could imagine the scale of the event and how many customers it would be attracting. It wouldn't be a good idea to stand out too much.
Noah: "We gotta go. Look. Look here."
I grabbed Noah's hand as she insisted about something and tore the paper in two.
Senri: "We're not going."
Fiona: "Be careful, Noah. He's the worst kind of person, as you can see. So, the conversation's over, right?"
Ignoring Fiona's wry smile, Noah tossed the paper away and drew closer. Her eyes were glittering almost enough to make me dizzy, like they do when she's curious about something.
Noah: "Noah wants to go with Senri."
Senri: "We're not going outside."
Noah: "Typical shut-in behavior. Finally his true nature as an eternal stay-at-home kid is revealed."
Fiona: "I'm surprised you can say that when you're jobless yourself and mooching off of us."
Noah: "If you stop going out into the sun you'll make a habit of it."
Senri: "So what?"
She stared fiercely at me, but I had no intention of giving in. I looked back at her with no particular emotion in my own eyes and Noah cocked her head.
Noah: "This is you know, that. A vague insecurity about the future."
Senri: "Did you let her read Akutagawa?"
Fiona: "Come to think of it, there aren't too many 'literary masters' who commit suicide these days. Or is it just that we don't have anyone we can call 'literary masters' anymore?"
Fiona must have learned some unnecessary things from all her days doing nothing but cramming knowledge into her head in that study while training her body.
Senri: "...Anyway, we're not going. There won't be anything interesting there, or anything 'springy.'"
Noah: "He is stubbornly sticking to stinginess."
Fiona: "If he won't accept, / use your tears as a weapon / until he gives in. ...Eh, needs a little work."
Senri: "Can I go shower?"
Noah: "Fiona, do something or another. Senri's being stingy."
Fiona: "There's a trick to wrapping this man around your finger. Just watch."
Declaring her intent to win me over without even trying to hide it, Fiona took a bold step toward me. She had the ripped up flyer in her hand, though I have no idea when she picked it up.
Fiona: "It has 'equipment and technology provided by Atori' printed really small right here, right?"
Fiona: "And I won't let you say 'so what?' There might be someone important there presenting the tech and nothing will change if we don't act in some way."
Fiona: "Your wounds are healed now, so you've gotta get moving. And there's nobody else for you to point your claws at, right? So why not this?"
Noah: "Why not this?"
Senri: "That's not enough to convince me."
We can't start moving again without a plan. Moving our pieces around the board without knowing what's coming will only put us at a disadvantage.
Fiona: "So you say, Senri, but isn't it more realistic to think they'll try to pull something this time?"
The glint in her eye almost made me shudder. No matter how much she'd quieted down, all the time Fiona had spent doing dirty work had left its mark on her.
Fiona: "Isn't that right, Noah?"
Noah: "Absitively#"
She patted Noah's head like they were loving sisters, but Fiona was aware of exactly how useful Noah would be as bait.
Fiona: "Don't worry. No matter what happens, I'll protect you."
And on top of that, while she was capable of that almost cruel decision, she could vow to use her well-trained body and magic for the noble goal of protecting someone.
It was a fundamental change in her humanity, one that seemed to make it obvious just how much she'd overcome.
Fiona: "Sooo, don't you two worry about a thing♪"
Senri: "I'll hold you to that."
Fiona: "Meaning, in your inferiority, you trust me from the bottom of your heart to protect you!"
Senri: "Meaning I'm counting on you not mucking things up more yourself."
Fiona: "? But you admit you'll need my help, don't you?"
Fiona: "If you saved me to make use of me, then I hope you'll use me as much as you can until the end♪"
She was not only strong but bold as well. Fiona's confidence in herself as a mage and as a woman all came from objective evaluations of her merits.
She couldn't be subjective about the body she'd been blessed with, her talents, and her looks. In a way, it was just as bad as being too humble.
Noah: "We're a happy family...♪"
We didn't have Kamidate either. Or any real information. If we wanted to inject some fun into our tedious days, then we should go.
Senri: "We can go look after we eat. Don't make more of a scene than needed."
Fiona: "Persuasion successful... a complete victory..."
Noah: "Absitively double peache with applause for Fiona. Long live Fiona, long live Fiona!"
Their celebration left no particular impression on me.
My heart was always at an equilibrium.
On our way to the mall, Noah set about invading my personal space, keeping close enough to me that I was feeling stuffy even in the middle of winter.
Senri: "Noah... stop hanging from my arm. It just healed."
Noah: "What do you do on Christmas?"
I've been with Noah long enough not to get annoyed with her for ignoring me and changing the subject.
Fiona: "You're not asking me, are you? Now's your chance if you want to take it back..."
I realized right away that Fiona was asking her that because of her occupation.
I could just picture her going on and on with her personal interpretation of the historical events that led to the holiday.
Senri: "It's the day the men and women of the world start making babies together all at once."
Fiona: "That's awfully simplified, isn't it?"
Noah: "Does making babies... give early access to spring?"
Fiona: "You'd be more of a spring elite than anyone else."
Noah: "A spring elite! A spring ambassador! Senri, making babies! Make babies with Noah to climb to the heights of a spring elite!"
Fiona: "You really want it to be with Noah? If you chose me, our combined superior mage's blood could produce one hell of a child prodigy."
Senri: "...And how many years do you think it would take to raise them once they were born? I don't see the utility to make up for all the work spent."
Fiona: "And it's all the twisted people like you that are contributing to falling birth rates. Don't you get that it's just a simple question of either liking or not liking children?"
Senri: "As soon as you get pregnant, you'd have to retire. You would no longer be a woman, but a parent. Your objective would change to protecting that single life."
Senri: "If you're prepared for that, I don't mind working at it with you day and night until we get lucky."
Fiona: "I'll hold off. Pursuing my own happiness goes against the vow I've sworn."
Noah: "Aaargh, then make babies! Make babies right here!"
Senri: "Outdoor copulation is criminal indecency. Do you understand, Noah? I won't say so again."
Noah: "Positutely. Making babies is a crime. Conception is a big no-no."
The conversation ended there, but I couldn't help recalling that it had started with a comment from me.
I just can't help being thrown off when I'm with Noah...
We arrived at the mall without sensing anyone observing us, but without any time to feel relieved, Noah started tugging on my arm, her eyes going wide.
Noah: "Senri, Senri, there's swarms a' people. Swarms a' swarming."
Senri: "They're not swarming, they're just enjoying their time here as shoppers."
Noah: "Fully equipped in brick-red gear. With that you wouldn't be cold. It's a sure thing."
Senri: "No, they're not doing that for fun, it's because of their jobs."
Noah approached the staffers in their mass-produced Santa Claus costumes and reached out to one of their fake beards without warning.
Noah: "Brushy brushy brushy brushy brushy."
Senri: "That's rude, Noah."
Noah: "Absitively shaggy. No plans to grow any on Noah's body at this time. Must take opportunity to enjoy."
She brushed it like it was an animal. I'd thought he'd be annoyed, but the staff man stood still with a blissful smile on his face.
Fiona: "Pretty girls get special treatment. And men are always easy. May God bless the easy man..."
The man kept waving at Noah long after she pattered back to us.
Noah: "Senri's chinny chin too!"
Noah's palm reached up for my neck.
Senri: (Palm strike—)
Only after I'd reflexively bent my torso, grabbed her arm, and twisted it did I realize how foolish I was being.
Fiona: "What... are you doing?"
Senri: "Noah was palm striking my chin... No, just touching it... like the Santa..."
I had been about to deal her a counterattack due to the reflexes that have been carved into my body.
But since I have no hostility towards Noah, I'm not surprised Fiona's exasperated with me.
Fiona: "No, no, no. If you dodged her from that position, you should stomp on her foot to prevent her from fleeing and then hit her with an elbow, you lug..."
Senri: "I see... quite right. And when did you determine that?"
Oblivious to our chat about her surprise attack, Noah patted my face from chin to cheek.
Noah: "Slippery and smooth."
Senri: "Body hair is just ornamentation. If you have less of it, it can't put you in danger."
Noah: "Senri's just like Noah. See? Touch Noah too."
Noah grabbed my arm and made me touch her cheek.
I felt almost like touching her soft skin with my scarred hands would transfer my wounds to her.
Noah: "Smooth beats scraggly. Smooth is king."
I recalled from the flush of her cheeks that we were right in the middle of winter now.
Fiona: "It might not be good for her to stay in those clothes. Should we check out one of the nearby boutiques?"
Senri: "I'm sure you're well versed in the latest trends. I'll leave it to your good sense."
Fiona: "Uh, you think I've got the same taste as the other girls my age when I've spent all my life with the organization slash doing clergy work?"
I can't say I wasn't worried at all, but I suppose I'd forgotten that Fiona would be considered a little more closed off than other girls.
Noah: "Let's rummage! Let's do!"
Senri: "I suppose she can just choose for herself."
Noah: "Noah will evolve into Santa Claus. She'll activate her Christmas specs."
Fiona: "Looks like you can get commemorative pictures taken on a little reindeer seat over there."
Senri: "Absurd."
Noah: "Noah wants to ride the reindeer!"
Senri: "No conspicuous clothes or conspicuous activities. If you can't promise that, then we're headed home. Got it?"
Noah: "Reindeer are absurd."
Senri: "That's right."
Statistically I'm sure that it takes a long time for women to shop, but it didn't take much longer than a convenience store trip for me to be released from the boutique.
Though that was all because of the banal suggestions and professional smiles of the store clerks.
I found myself fleeing the store before I knew it, fed up with the overly zealous workers.
Senri: "So customers don't even have the right to choose in peace."
Fiona, waiting outside, seemed to be observing the conversations and expressions of the people passing by.
Fiona: "Oh... Senri. Where's Noah?"
Senri: "Changing inside. I didn't feel comfortable waiting in the women's section."
Fiona: "I see."
Senri: "Does it upset you?"
Fiona: "...Huh? Does what?"
Senri: "Magic, and an exhibition of magic tech."
Fiona's hatred for magic society had been manufactured, but even knowing that, she hadn't been able to completely eliminate her disgust for it.
Fiona: "...I don't hate places like this."
Fiona: "Even if my life was ruined by magic, there are plenty of people whose lives are enriched by it. There's nothing strange about that."
Fiona: "Laughing voices enrich the heart. Isn't it fine to just accept what you see without thinking too deeply about it?"
I wasn't sure why I'd asked the question anymore when I looked at Fiona smiling sadly.
Senri: "Stupid question, huh."
The people were perturbed by the changes occurring now that the Ministry of Magic was suspended, and magic was playing a part in helping them forget those worries...
Magic, magic, magic—even if everyone was merely being manipulated by it after its introduction into the world, the smiles it was creating now weren't false ones.
Fiona: "...Well, there are a lot of people here and it seems pretty uneventful. I doubt anything like you were worried about will happen."
Fiona: "Can I take my leave? I don't have anything in particular to do, but... I'd like to go see the priest... and {him}."
Senri: "Do what you want. I'll let Noah know."
Fiona: "Though I might stay if you bowed down and begged."
Senri: "No, you're right. If there's only a low chance of us being attacked, it doesn't matter whether you're here or not."
Fiona: "Hmm? I see. ...Yes, that's not a particularly strange answer... I suppose..."
Senri: "What, did you want me to stop you?"
Fiona: "Me? Want you?"
She opened her eyes wide as if I'd surprised her, then cocked her head as if confused at that reaction of hers.
Fiona: "...No. There's no reason for that. I'll leave this to you, then."
I watched her go without even telling her to be careful. She gave me a brilliant smile as she left, but I knew the hidden fangs inside her made any worrying I could do pointless.
Senri: (I haven't been alone with Noah since our time living in hotels.)
There's nothing that stands out in particular, but thinking back on it, Noah's been gradually changing since her time at Next.
I wonder if I'm noticing those slight changes because Noah's left an impression on me.
Noah: "Fiona. Fiona? Fiona disappeared. Fiona's vanished from this world."
Senri: "Fiona left earl......"
It was a sloppy ensemble. The length of her legs seemed particularly emphasized simply because I wasn't expecting them to be.
I can't imagine it was very different from her original outfit in terms of protection from the cold.
Her exposed lower half was an issue, but that wasn't as dangerous as the degree to which her top opened up when she bent innocently forward.
Noah: "Senri?"
Senri: "Wait, don't bend over any farther. They'll spill out."
Noah: "Ahh. My rump is in imminent danger of the same. If it spills out, it's your job to push it back in."
Senri: "I gave you enough money to buy two or three outfits. Why did you pick that?"
Noah: "Senri's ponderous!"
Senri: "You mean generous. What happened to what those clerks who swarmed you like mosquitoes were recommending?"
Noah: "Pondery Senri picked this one out for me. So I'm okay with this. Oh, not that, not that."
Noah: "I {want} this."
I'd just grabbed something random in an effort to get out of the store faster.
I hadn't been considering how it would look on her at all, and hadn't even checked the size before handing it to her—
Noah: "......♪ It's warm, Senri. Feel it, feel it."
Regardless of all that, Noah seemed incredibly pleased with it.
Noah: "See? Noah has spring wrapped all around her. Like you could write 'spring' and read it as 'Noah.' Come closer!"
Senri: "........."
She must have sprayed some sakura perfume on the sweater she'd purchased. It traveled to my nose on the breeze.
Noah: "Can you feel the spring?"
Mixed with Noah's scent, it tickled my nostrils with a faint aroma of femininity.
Noah: "My scent is a gift to you, Senri."
Sweet, innocent cherry blossoms. The pure, transparent Noah could indeed be said to be a personification of spring.
Senri: "...Well, it was worth the money."
Noah: "Thanks, Senri. I'll treasure it."
Senri: "Hold on to the rest of the money. You can save it. There's only one thing that can't be bought with money, after all."
Noah: "It's that. That formless thing."
Love and trust—even they are things that are easier to come by when you have money. I wonder if there are any women who don't care about the income of the men they marry.
Senri: "What you can't buy with money is poverty. The humility, fortitude, and temperance of the poor cannot be bought."
Noah: "I knew it. Money is great."
Senri: "How much have you saved, anyway?"
Noah: "The weight is steadily increasing, but you can't truly call it savings yet..."
Senri: "What are you going to use it for? If you fill it up, at that size you could at least buy a new car."
Noah: "When I save it up... do I have to do something with it?"
Senri: "The main purpose of a piggy bank is to forcefully hold back a weak-willed person. If you can keep saving without a reason to, you can just think about it when it's full."
Noah: "I wanna see the sakura."
Senri: "You don't need money to view the cherry blossoms. It's a different story if you're looking to ride on a pleasure boat or something, but if you wait for the season to come, they'll appear on their own."
Noah: "I'll rent out Senri for the day and appreciate the sakura with him. You'll have to come with me."
Senri: "Me?"
Noah: "Acquisition funds. Is a full piggy bank not enough?"
I couldn't help giving her a wry grin when she stated a use for the money I would never have imagined.
No matter how often the season of cherry blossoms comes, as long as I haven't yet achieved my goals, it's always put off until the next year.
I was never able to think of the passing of the seasons as more than just that, a phenomenon that did nothing but pass by.
Senri: "I'll let you buy me."
But that's over with this winter. Just as Fiona found some answer for herself, I'm going to finish with my answer-searching as well.
Noah: "Senri gets it if you explain."
Noah gave me an innocent smile—then her nostrils flared and she turned away, her face still looking rather innocent.
Noah: "Some sugar's on fire! Oh no, oh no! It smells really good!"
I followed Noah with a sigh, intending not to lose track of her when she started stumbling off like a sleepwalker.
Noah: "Gbmgh."
Noah: "Gbmgbh... mgh? Wan' shome too, Shenri?"
Senri: "Don't mind me. Eat until you're satisfied."
Fiona usually makes us nutritionally balanced meals for maintaining our condition, but it's not as if we're bound by familial rules to eat at the same table.
Noah: "Ngh, mngh... mmmh, mmmh!"
Senri: "What, is it stuck?"
Noah: "MNGH, mmmmmh!"
Senri: "Keep still. I'm helping you out, so don't make a scene when I touch you."
I prepared to use the Heimlich maneuver—putting both my arms under hers and, with our bodies pressed together, expelling the obstruction from her throat by thrusting into her abdomen.
Noah: "? Senri, are you super interested in Noah's body?"
Senri: "You got it down? Don't make me go to unnecessary trouble."
Noah: "I was tasting it with my throat instead of my mouth."
That's impressive. I wondered for a moment how such a thing was possible, then decided to forget about it since I was sure that knowledge would be of no use to me for the rest of my life.
—Wait, what was that strange noise?
Senri: "Hey, Noah. What's making your cheek stick out like that?"
Noah: "?"
Senri: "Rib steak like that has bone in it. It'll get stuck in your throat if you swallow it."
Noah: "It's been eliminated."
Senri: "...No, first of all, when did you acquire the jaw strength to crush bones?"
Noah: "It happens sometimes."
Senri: "No, it doesn't."
Noah: "Must replenish. Senri, wallet, wallet."
Senri: "...Do what you want. But don't leave any leftovers."
Noah: "Positutely."
Senri: "Yeesh..."
Noah: "I absitively left you waiting."
I turned back and put my puzzle ring away when I heard Noah's voice. It was the third time she'd went and gotten more food.
Senri: "...What manner of trial is this?"
She had food in both hands, far more than was reasonable.
Senri: "You must have put away ten things already. And now you've got that much more... you'd better be able to finish it all."
Noah: "Noah alone will stand against all the chickens in the world."
All I feel is fear.
Noah: "I could get addicted to this chill... lick, lick..."
Senri: "What are the flavors?"
Noah: "Mm... lick... Cherry... strawberry... and miscellaneous..."
Guess she doesn't care about any flavors that don't bring spring to mind.
Noah: "Lick, lick... haahh... absitively a good thing... nothing could be better than spring ice cream..."
The situation around her mouth was rather dire, but Noah wasn't the least bit worried about that.
Senri: "......"
While our eyes were meeting, I tapped on my lips to indicate the mess she'd made.
Noah: "Mhm, mhm."
Senri: "......"
Noah: "Mm. Noah too, Noah too. Senri and Noah are one in mind and body."
It hadn't gotten across at all.
Senri: "Your mouth is all sticky. Wipe it off."
Noah: "Absitively? Get it#"
Senri: "......"
Noah: "Get it. Senri. Senri#"
Senri: "I'm not going to spoil you. Do it yourself."
Noah: "In what way...?"
I suppose it would be hard with both of her hands full like that.
Noah: "Times are tough. I'll get the nice clothes Senri bought me dirty. It's a pinch."
Senri: "I'll hold them for you."
Noah: "That's so much work. You get it, Senri. Solve the problem."
Senri: "......Haahh..."
Noah: "Fwah... fwah... d'you get it?"
Senri: "Hurry up and eat."
Noah: "Senri absitively values Noah more than anything. Everybody should have a Senri."
Noah really does throw me off.
Noah: "Llp, lck... llp, mm... lck... mmn... ah, it's dripping... nnm..."
Senri: "......?"
I realized that the eyes of everyone in our surroundings—the men in particular—were glued to Noah.
She had a mysterious appearance, like some sort of fairy, and her outfit emphasized the curves of her body. The line of her sweater on her thighs created a sensual sort of boundary line, and most of all—
Noah: "Mmn, yummy... mm, mmm#... mm... lllp, lllp... spring-flavored..."
She diligently lapped up the ice cream with a smile like a spring breeze. Her unconsciously provocative actions were clearly having an adverse effect.
Senri: "Stop making those noises."
Noah: "Absitively? But why?"
Senri: "Because you're drawing attention. Also, stop sticking your tongue out to lick up the stuff that's dripping."
Noah: "A specified request. Then what am I to do?"
Senri: "In order to win the indifference of your surroundings, you have to make them not want to interact with you. Bite into your ice cream. Or devour it all in one go with a low growl."
Noah: "Aaah. Senri, say aaah."
Senri: "Me?"
Noah: "It'll be resolved if Senri gives me an example? No?"
Senri: "Don't rely on me."
Noah: "Shows how Senri-like you are. Aaah, aaah. 10 seconds of time have gone by without Senri going aaah. Aaah."
The sight of Noah offering me her ice cream brought back a memory I hadn't touched on recently.
It was a sight that was objectively "heartwarming," I supposed.
I know that unconditional trust is something that you give someone who it almost feels unnatural to not have at your side.
There was a time... when I was in the opposite position.
Like Noah, there was a time when I looked at someone with complete faith in them.
I acted in order to obtain the sympathy of someone who was good to me and was honestly overjoyed to be accepted by them. My motives were so simple they could hardly be called motives at all.
Noah: "Senri? Does your tummy hurt?"
Senri: "...Nah, just solving something."
Noah: "Yes, it's dissolving! Assist, Senri! Assist!"
No. I was {solving} it. What I see in Noah, what about her throws me off. I've figured it out, gotten to the bottom of it.
Noah: "Aaah. Senri, aaah."
Senri: "Mfgh."
Noah: "Oh. Oooh. Shoulda known he'd do it in one gulp."
All the flavors of ice cream in my mouth mixed into something disgusting.
The parts I assume Noah's tongue had touched had melted into almost a liquid.
Noah: "Is it good?"
Senri: "......Glp. If I had to say, it hurts my teeth more than anything."
Noah: "Palate cleanse! They've got big fat chunks'a meat over there. Noah'll go buy some. You can absitively devour it."
I grabbed Noah's shoulder when she caught sight of the frankfurters and drew her to me.
Noah: "Noyayayaya."
Senri: "We're done. Sorry, but I don't have anything else on me."
Noah: "Delicious. Thank you, Senri."
After those honest words, Noah gave me her spring breeze smile without letting sorrow pass over her face.
It brought back some more memories, putting me in a rather nostalgic mood. Now that I knew what was behind it, it wasn't such a murky feeling as "being thrown off."
Around the large booth that had been set up outside, we found plenty of people crowding about, restless even though they hadn't even entered it yet.
Noah: "Charge in? Destroy all targets?"
Senri: "There's something I want to see first."
The tech Atori was providing—the chance it would lead us to something was practically zero, but as it was one of the reasons we were here at the mall, it was something I thought we should take care of.
Noah: "Magi demo corner?"
Atori's booth was certainly attracting enough of a crowd to call it a success.
The increased number of staff around, likely placed there for the promotion, were flitting about without rest explaining the Magi to their customers.
For an important event like an opening ceremony, it wouldn't be strange to see someone critical to Atori around, like Mikuriya Akeno or Atori Riku...
But the event didn't leave any sort of impression on me.
Female Staff: "Would you like to try out a new Atori model that's going to be released next spring?"
As soon as the nearby staff member finished her pitch, she approached us.
Senri: "No—"
Noah: "Next spring? Style that'll let you get ahead of spring? A policy that should be adopted?"
Female Staff: "You can try out the newest mobile model, too."
Noah: "Senri, let's try it. Let's have a first try. Do it, Senri."
Female Staff: "That's what the girlfriend says."
Noah: "That's what she says."
I caught myself comparing the staff woman's professional smile with Noah's pure, innocent one.
Shaking off the sensation that something important to the quality of my human heart had decreased, I closed my eyes tight and took a deep breath.
Senri: "So... where's this new model?"
Noah: "Senri, there's something spiffy here. It's a big deal. Let's try it."
Female Staff: "Ah, that's a discerning eye you have. This one here is a magic talent measurer."
Female Staff: "It's more on display for authorized professionals than the public, but would you like to try it out?"
Senri: "Just grab it, right?"
The metal part that you put your fingers on must be the measuring device; just gripping it slightly started moving the liquid crystal meter.
Senri: "........."
Female Staff: "...Looks like an 'F.'"
Glancing at the indicator hovering between "E-" and "F+," the staffer was unable to hide her sense of superiority as a smile came to her lips.
The disdain with which those whose talent falls far below average are viewed makes it clear enough that magic society doesn't differ all that much from a society which values academic achievement more than anything else.
Senri: "So it says. Let's go, Noah."
Noah: "Senri, did you do it right? That doesn't count. Not good, no way."
Male Student: "Umm, we're in line here, so could we try it now?"
The boys behind me were pestering me, while the staff were smirking. It was a situation I should have intuited I should get out of, but one person alone—Noah—was looking at me with sparkles in her eyes.
Noah: "Do it right."
Noah put her hand on mine and forced me to grip the measurer harder—and suddenly...
Female Staff: "Wh-What?!"
The meter jumped up like a speedometer when the accelerator is stomped on, hitting on what I assume were the highest bounds of the device's measurement ability.
The device spat out an error message meaning "unable to measure" and I thrust it back at the staffer who'd stepped back, startled.
Senri: "This thing's broken. The almighty Atori's making defective products?"
Noah: "Absitively defective?"
Female Staff: "I-I'm sorry. We'll switch that out with something else right away, so please have a look at one of our other products while you wait."
I watched the staffer retreat dejectedly into a back room and pulled Noah's arm.
Male Student: "Broke down?"
Senri: "Seems like it."
Noah: "Atori's absitively done with."
Male Student: "What the heck, so they're all broken? Everybody was saying that guy in the class next door overloaded one of these things, but I guess that's all it was."
I'd been planning on giving our spot to the students behind us and leaving, but now I stopped as if my shoes were stuck to the ground.
Academy uniforms—a guy who overloaded a measurer...
Senri: "Hm? You're talking about {him}, right?"
Male Student: "......?"
Senri: "So it was true that {he} broke a measurer here."
They were surprised for a moment when I entered the conversation uninvited, but they appeared unable to treat their seniors with disrespect, so all I got in complaint were some odd, forced smiles.
Senri: "Ah, sorry. My sister goes to the Academy, so I'd heard a little about it."
Male Student: "Ah... Your sister? Uhh, who's...?"
Senri: "The name's {Takaashi}. Are you in different years?"
Male Student: "Seriously? You're {Takanashi}-san's brother? Wow, really?"
Senri: "Yeah, I'm {Takanashi}'s brother. But {he} really causes nothing but trouble, doesn't he?"
Male Student: "Ah, yeah. You mean Mutsumi Haruto, right? He's kind of a problem child, I guess."
—Mutsumi Haruto.
Senri: "Right—Mutsumi Haruto."
I nodded and steered the conversation in a terminal direction.
That name—it was good to learn that Haruto had gone back to school, but it was also a little hard to believe.
I'd probably have to look into why on earth he'd gone back to school as if he didn't have a care in the world after such a huge incident.
Now that the sun's set, there isn't a huge line to get into the exhibition. It shouldn't be hard now.
Noah: "So the time has finally come."
Senri: "If you get your hopes too high, you'll only be more disappointed."
We'd done a good deal of walking, but Noah never ran out of energy. And I wasn't feeling particularly fatigued from being dragged around so much by her either.
Senri: "What is it this time?"
Noah suddenly stopped. Something must have caught her eye. It's nothing new.
Noah: "That. It's coming off?"
Senri: "Hm...?"
It was a horizontal sign decorated by illuminated ornaments. It was rattling in the wind like a storm shutter.
Senri: "Noah, stay there. I'm gonna go tell a staffer."
Calling out to a Santa costume-clad member of the staff, I pointed toward the tree and tried to explain what we'd just discovered.
Senri: "Wait, over there—?!"
And in the middle of my explanation, it happened.
A gust ripped the sign from its hangings and it plummeted like a guillotine—it was an utter accident. Naturally, my gaze went to the place the sign would land.
A figure. A child. I wouldn't make it. It would hit him. It would hit him. Then, in that instant, another figure—
Senri: "—"
I poured all of my concentration into the scene.
And what I found was the sign, looking like it had swallowed something, and a child sitting in shock next to it.
Senri: "—Noah...?"
I ignored my accelerating pulse and ran toward the sign.
Senri: "Noah!"
The girl pinned beneath the sign was Noah after all.
My eyes met hers as she lay on her stomach, half-buried underneath it.
Noah: "I can't get out. Lift it up, Senri?"
She was alright. She was trying to crawl out with a look on her face like nothing at all had happened.
Noah: "Mmph. Mmmphhhew."
Noah: "I got out."
Standing easily, Noah walked over to the child and a man and woman fussing over him, who must have been his parents, to see if he was injured.
Noah: "You okay? There's no 'hurt' or anything?"
Child: "......"
Noah meant what had happened when she'd shoved the boy to get him out from under the falling sign—he'd scraped his knee.
Noah: "Blood. Coming out. Isn't that bad?"
Knowing that the person who'd been pinned under the sign herself had emerged unscathed, the boy clung to his parents.
Child: "W-Waaaaah!!"
Noah: "Huh? Huh?"
Child: "Monster! She's a monster, Mommy!!"
The child. The parents. They all had fear in their eyes as they backed away from the bizarre creature before them.
Noah: "Monster? Monster—ah, Senri! I found Senri!"
Senri: "Let's go."
Noah: "Senri, a monster? A mobster?"
The commotion was growing. I pulled Noah's hand to exit the scene before we were questioned by someone.
We ran into the large booth and found two open seats. I settled into one of them and checked Noah's body for injuries.
Noah: "Sen- wahee! Wahee! That ti- That tickles!"
Senri: "Not a single bruise."
Noah: "Senri. Is Noah a monster?"
Senri: "Don't let it bother you. It's just something a child said."
I decided we should spend some time in the booth until the commotion died down a bit, and just when I did, the dome lit up.
Noah: "Oh!"
The cries of wonder that went through the booth were full of the ecstasy of those bewitched by the breathtaking view before them.
Noah: "From one end to the other. It's all lights."
The curtains of aurora-like light folded over one another, creating a sense of three-dimensionality every time they fluttered.
The illusory grandeur of nature and the secrets of its beauty have long been called miracles—and now, Atori's technology rivaled even that.
Noah: "Haaaahh... oh, it changed. It changed again. And again. Absitively beautiful."
I was no expert, but it seemed to me like it would be impossible to tell this visual information apart from a real aurora.
Noah: "......Mmph..."
Senri: "?"
I felt a comfortable weight on my lap.
Noah interrupted my view of the aurora as she slid over my thighs to lean her body onto me.
Senri: "What are you up to, kiddo?"
Noah: "Miss Noah's sayin' she wants to do what everybody else is doin'. You don't wanna?"
Noah: "Well, Senri? You don't wanna?"
Maybe it was a combination of the Christmas season and the current hour, but the booth was overwhelmingly populated with couples.
I'm sure admittance wasn't restricted to just them, but the atmosphere seemed to imply that sort of tacit understanding.
It was a romantic space in here under the northern lights. And I imagine it was a good place to deepen romantic relationships or what have you, with not many things to interfere.
Senri: "Succumbing to peer pressure, eh?"
Noah: "Peer-pre-ssure?"
Senri: "It's an urge to imitate those around you so that you don't end up a minority."
Noah: "Mmm... Senriii... rub rub rub..."
She brought her body close and rubbed her cheek against me like an affectionate cat.
It was an action that would normally annoy me, but strangely enough, it didn't bother me coming from Noah, so I let her do as she wished.
Noah: "Senri, Senri."
Senri: "...What's gotten into you? Can't you just stay quiet and watch?"
Noah: "I'm sick of the nice view already."
Noah said it as if it were nothing, but it was an interesting comment to me.
Senri: "Even though it's so nice?"
Noah: "It was so fantastic it almost floored me. But something's weird. I don't really care about it anymore. I'm not getting goosebumps or anything."
Maybe she has a similar artistic sense as I do. It's not just Noah who quickly loses interest in things.
Senri: "Natural phenomena are influenced by the weather. You need to wait in cruel conditions for a week, maybe even a month to catch these miracles."
Senri: "You're only so dramatically moved to see such things because you've worked so hard for them."
Noah: "So... a spring you wait and wait for is completely different from one you don't wait for at all?"
Senri: "No matter the feast before you, you won't want to see it if your stomach is full."
Noah: "It's not good to get easy excitement. No way could it be."
Senri: "Right."
You can always seek out something in reality. But if you want to surpass it in its original form, what's important is the searcher's state of mind.
Noah: "...Ah, I get it. I get it. Their eyes were the same."
Senri: "Hm...?"
Noah: "The boy Noah saved. He was the same. As the man who pulled Noah and Senri apart."
Noah: "Oh. Fiona's eyes were the same when the priest was killed."
Noah: "What do those eyes mean? Does Noah look like a monster?"
Senri: "...There's no meaning. And even if there were, you wouldn't need to worry about it."
Senri: "Fiona won't look at you like that anymore."
Noah: "Is that how it works?"
Senri: "That's how it works."
This is no different from answering her usual annoying questions. It's not leaving any impression on me either.
Senri: "I've had something like that look pointed at me before too. And not just once or twice."
I didn't avert my gaze from Noah's.
Senri: "You won't look at me like that, will you, Noah?"
Noah: "Well, Senri won't look at Noah like that."
There are things you can get across simply by looking into each other's eyes instead of speaking.
Noah nodded in agreement and started rubbing her cheek on me again.
Noah: "Senriii, Senriii."
Senri: "Don't try to be cute."
Noah: "Being under an aurora with my lover like this immerses Noah in a special feeling. Noah likes it."
She must have picked up some of the sweet whisperings of the couple next to us. Now she was spouting off things that were making me want to leave the booth.
Noah: "Let's get a little closer... 'kay, Senri?"
Senri: "Hey, not {that} close."
Noah: "I got you... phew..."
A breath like a spring breeze tickled my ear. Noah had her arms around my neck so that she wouldn't fall, so I couldn't move.
I sighed exasperatedly and Noah looked up at me. I didn't even need to check—I was sure the couple next to us was doing the same thing.
Senri: "Back off already."
Just moving her a little to try to shake her off ended up making me stimulate Noah's sensitive spots.
Noah: "Whoooa... wahee! Hee!"
Senri: "—!"
I hurried to grab Noah before she fell off my lap and my palm felt her soft flesh under it.
Her hips... her butt... Her developed body, in contrast with her babyface, elicited a reaction from me, albeit a small one.
Noah: "Huh? Senri, something weird's touching me."
Even I wasn't sure what to do in a situation like this, so I started with organizing my thoughts about it first.
Senri: "We don't need to imitate the couple next to us. I'm a man too, you know. You get what that means, right?"
Noah: "Not really, but Noah likes being close to Senri."
Noah: "Noah can feel at ease when Senri's around. But there's something more than that too."
Noah: "Her heart gets reeeally warm. It's nice. I think I like this."
The voluptuous curves she was pressing against me were impossibly soft, and I could feel her body heat as if her skin was touching mine.
Senri: "Noah... Just asking..."
I had to think about it as I posed the question, and my eyes were drawn to her cleavage whether I liked it or not.
Senri: "Under that sweater—you're not wearing anything, are you?"
Noah: "Huh?"
Noah: "Nope. It was too tight."
I deliberated for a moment. If she was fine with it, then there wasn't really a problem, but it was strange from a common-sense standpoint. Bras were developed for a reason, and they're sold because there's a demand.
Senri: "You should really be wearing one at that size, so wear one. Doesn't it hurt, with the chafing?"
Noah: "It doesn't hurt, but it kinda stings. More when I'm close to Senri."
Noah: "Senriii, what is this?"
Senri: "Don't ask me. If you underestimate gravity, they'll sag in the future."
We were too close for comfort. Her clinging was irritating and could have come off as having certain intentions if not for her naivete. But that was why it would be difficult to stop her.
Noah: "......Ah."
Senri: "...Ah?"
Perhaps overcome with emotion, the couple next to us was exchanging a passionate kiss. Seeing them, I'm sure Noah would want to do the same.
I thought, "you've got to be kidding me." Then I thought "you've got to be kidding me" again and muttered "you've got to be kidding me" out loud.
Senri: "Noah, calm down and take hold of your individuality. Don't let the people around you be negative influences."
Noah: "Mwah."
I twisted my neck and just barely avoided contact with my lips, instead feeling a wet sensation press against my cheek.
Noah: "You dodged. Everybody's doing it on the lips. If we don't do it on the lips, I won't get it."
Senri: "Give it up. It's too soon for you, Noah."
Noah: "There's no soon or late. It's sooner or later."
She pressed herself against me even harder and her breasts pressed against me too, almost spilling out.
Senri: "?! Seriously, cut it out."
Noah: "But I won't get it if we don't do it. There's something important that I need to know, and I feel like I could figure it out."
Senri: "......"
Noah: "We really can't?"
Senri: "...Do what you want."
I closed my eyes. If she wanted to learn about the methods with which those who are intimate express their love for each other, I didn't mind lending her my person for that purpose.
—But no matter how long I waited, the moment never came.
Noah: ".........Zzz...... zzz......"
After all that, she'd fallen asleep.
Senri: "...What a selfish girl."
Noah's head lay on my shoulder. There was a bit more weight on me now, but I didn't want to wake her so much I'd rob her of the peaceful look on her face as she slept.
Senri: "You can sleep soundly here?"
There was no answer to my question, so it just dispersed into the air as if I were talking to myself.
As I felt the weight of another person on top of me, I became aware of an inexplicable feeling of cheer bubbling up in me.
====================H003.TXT====================
Female Student A: "Look at that guy! He's cool, isn't he?"
Female Student B: "His face is sexy enough, but he's gotta have a record# Just look at his eyes!"
Female Student A: "You think so? He must be here for a reason, right? Wanna see what he wants?"
Female Student B: "No way! That girl with him's probably black and blue under those clothes. That face says 'abuser' to me. I'd bet on it."
Senri: "........."
Female Student A: "Eek! The abuser's looking our way!"
Senri: "Sorry to bother you on your lunch break, but if it's not too much trouble, I'm looking for a Mutsumi Haruto—"
Female Student B: "Let's get out of here before we end up on his list! If he catches us once, he'll suck us dry until there's nothing left!"
I have to admit, I didn't expect them to scamper off at top speed just from meeting eyes with me.
I'd come to see Haruto, who seemed to have returned to school, but as the area around the Academy campus was open, there wasn't a good place for me to try and ambush him.
Though entering the grounds meant it was possible someone would be called to investigate some suspicious visitors.
Noah: "A problematic combination?"
Senri: "Basically."
I don't care enough to think too deeply about it, but just putting Noah and me next to each other made us stand out all the more.
Senri: (Fiona and Noah probably wouldn't draw as much attention, but...)
I'd lent Fiona out to Kamidate after suddenly getting into contact with her. She probably won't be back until dark.
The two of them were investigating the truth behind the Ministry's shutdown. The two of {us} were looking into the truth of Haruto. I'd determined that it would be most efficient to split us up like this.
Senri: (It's not good that we're all so busy at once, but if we can bring back information about both these things, we should be able to make some progress.)
Noah and I have to meet with Haruto and figure out how he's returned to his normal life.
Noah: "Senri, Senri."
Senri: "Get back here, Noah. If you go onto the campus, we'll get in trouble."
Noah: "What a world. Honesty doesn't pay."
There was no reason to infiltrate the school or anything, but I was at a bit of a loss.
There were students out and about during lunch, but just looking at them from afar wouldn't get us anywhere.
All I had to do was ask one of them to get Mutsumi Haruto for me, but I guess luck wasn't on my side; I wasn't getting anywhere.
Noah: "Senri, look."
There were a few different ways to get onto the grounds.
I looked over at the entrance Noah was pointing at and found a small girl heading off campus at a quick pace.
Noah: "She got us out when Noah and Senri were separated. An absitively related party?"
Senri: "Guess luck hasn't completely abandoned us."
Noah: "A face that says 'serious business.'"
She might put her all into everything she does, but the look on her face was out of place for a peaceful afternoon like this one.
But I was pleased to see it.
From her behavior, it stands to reason that Asahi is after someone, just like we are.
Her business must have been quite urgent for her to be sneaking out into the city with her uniform still on in the middle of lunch hour.
Noah: "Not gonna talk to her?"
Senri: "We shouldn't stop her now."
If I called her name, she'd probably turn my way. But depending on her reaction to our reunion, whoever she was chasing might notice us.
Senri: "Asahi's got to be connected to Haruto. And even if she isn't, we can just speak to her when she stops."
Senri: "It'll all become clear when we follow her, anyway—Noah?"
I was so focused on Asahi I'd kept speaking, thinking Noah was still beside me.
Senri: "That girl..."
Noah: "Oh, Senri, Senri."
Senri: "Noah. Where did you go all by yourself?"
Noah: "Got a big catch! Oh, here's yours, Senri."
A roasted sweet potato, split in half. The sweet fragrance of it wafted up from its golden flesh, accompanied by steam.
Senri: "...Sweet potatoes are a fall food, you know."
Noah: "Absitively... My interest has vanished."
It was plain, but good. I searched for Asahi, who I'd lost track of, as I replenished my sugar stores.
I'd lost sight of her upon entering a long promenade.
Senri: "It's odd that she disappeared in such an open space. Did she realize she was being followed?"
Noah: "Senri, I feel like there's a spring-y guy over there."
Senri: "Spring-y... do you mean Haruto?"
Noah: "Haruto. Yeah. It's gotta be. The guy you're looking for, Senri."
Senri: "You could be a pilot with eyesight like that."
We were in the same area, but the park was fairly big. Identifying the person standing at the North exit would be a Herculean task.
He didn't seem to be aware of us, since he wasn't running.
We could end up spooking him if we ran to him, so we took our time getting closer.
Senri: (Has he noticed us...?)
Noah's eyes didn't betray her. It was definitely Haruto. He seemed to have noticed us now, and had a strangely grim expression on his face.
Haruto: "You people aren't right... You're not playing fair..."
Senri: (Wait a second...)
Noah: "......?"
I dashed in front of Noah while opening and closing my fist. I stole a quick glance to my back to make sure no one was behind us.
I realized in a second that the strange atmosphere around Haruto was bloodlust.
It was something a superior assassin like Fiona could hide, but it was spilling from Haruto like he was a broken faucet.
A sudden assault—raging blue flames filled my vision.
I avoided the attack with the minimum movement possible. By a hair's breadth—I'd guessed right, but if my reaction had been any slower, I would have been in trouble.
Senri: (—I can't believe he's really shooting flames at me.)
It was broad daylight, there were passersby around us, and besides that, I had no idea what his motive for attacking me was in the first place.
Still, Haruto fired, he {would} fire—the overwhelming bloodlust coming from him made that clear enough, and made it all the more difficult for me to come up with a countermeasure for the situation.
Senri: "Kids from the Academy sure have an extreme way of greeting people. If you go there long enough, do they teach you to kill?"
Haruto: "Shut up! Get away from Hina...!!"
Senri: "Hina? Like a traditional doll? I can understand your interest in them, but why don't you calm down a bit before we talk more?"
Haruto: "SHUT UP!! Hina's my sister! Hina, come here!!"
Hina...? Sister...? Has he lost his mind?
From where his gaze was pointed, the words seemed to be directed at Noah.
Noah: "Noah isn't Hina. Haruto, do you not remember Noah? We talked, didn't we?"
Haruto: "I'll save you right away!"
Senri: "You're the one who's in need of saving. You can tell faces apart, can't you? Go look in a mirror."
Haruto: "SHUT UP!! I have nothing to say to you!!"
He took the same pose again.
It was his particular stance for activating his magic, and it meant that negotiations were over.
Waves of blue heat swept out from Haruto's fist. The blue flames creeping across the ground created a furnace as hot as a crematorium.
Senri: "We're no different from animals if we give up on communicating with words, you know."
It was a killing blow—and since he'd shot it at me with that intention, I took that to mean he was prepared for a counterattack.
I opened and closed my hand, calling up a conflagration to burn his furnace away.
Azure and scarlet flames twisted together into a vortex.
The vortex spit out sparks and grew spiral tendrils like a creeping plant, then returned to its master after it was fully grown.
Haruto fell with a short scream, and then, of all things, closed his eyes in the middle of a fight.
Even if he was surprised by my counterattack, that action seemed extremely underthought.
He timidly opened his eyes and was obviously shocked to find me standing before him.
Senri: "You can't kill me. But I don't want to kill you. Did that calm you down a bit?"
I extended my hand to him, but Haruto merely shrunk back, looking frustrated.
Senri: (I don't get this at all...)
Yet—now that I think about it, the last I saw of Haruto on the roof of the Ministry of Magic was him practically crying blood.
I suppose there's no telling what sort of state he could be in now.
Senri: (I won't be able to convince him of anything while he's so antagonistic. Further violence likely won't yield anything here.)
It was only a matter of time until BURST arrived if we caused a magical commotion in broad daylight like this.
There was nowhere to flee in this park except for into a building, and if we were surrounded, getting away would be almost impossible.
Senri: "Noah, we've drawn too much attention. Let's get out of here for now."
Noah: "Absitively time to retreat. Haruto, until we meet again."
The moment I took Noah's hand, the air around Haruto changed again.
What on earth was driving him so... Eyes that didn't fear death glared my way—no, as if they'd devour anything and everything before them.
Haruto: "I'll do it... I have to do it...! This is all on you people!!"
An almost toxic rage roiling inside him seemed to seethe up and spill out of his body, causing all the birds resting their wings in the park trees to take off at once.
Noah: "Haruto's gone... strange."
I had a powerful premonition. The very air seemed to tickle my instincts.
—A premonition that he was dangerous.
The innocent cries of rage echoed and {something} burst, like a natural phenomenon outside of mankind's understanding.
After that moment, everything was too late. The fact alone that it was too late was thrust at me as a plain truth, with the particulars of what had actually happened remaining completely indecipherable to me.
Noah: "Huh...?"
Noah suddenly clutched at her chest and swayed like a leaf in a breeze.
Noah: "Ugh... huh? Huh? Ngh, cough!"
Out it came.
What Noah had coughed up, that was now mixing with the air, was {something my eyes could recognize}.
Senri: "Noah—Noah!!"
She collapsed like a puppet with its strings cut and I caught her, calling her name again and again.
Noah: "Ugh...... ngh........."
Senri: "...Noah...... It can't be......"
I held Noah after she lost consciousness and sound disappeared from the world.
But even with everything in my head having gone white, my survival instincts still spurred me on.
Senri: "......Noah..."
My memories after shouldering Noah were vague.
I don't even remember which way I ran to get home. By the time I knew it, I was covered in sweat and laying Noah down on her bed.
I was versed in first-aid, but after getting Noah somewhere safe, there was nothing more I could do.
Senri: "...Noah, can you hear me?"
Noah: "........."
She didn't respond to my voice. She just lay there limp, puffing out breath after feverish breath.
Noah: "......Kh... aagh......"
Senri: "Noah?"
Noah: "........."
Even after regaining consciousness, her face quickly twisted in pain and she fell back into unconsciousness with a groan. I don't know how many times it's happened now.
Senri: "........."
When I closed my eyes, I found darkness.
Black helps focus the consciousness.
It sharpens the senses to fine points.
I looked at Noah again after polishing my concentration some with that black.
Something that shouldn't be leaving her...
Spilled out, bubbled, and burst without end.
Senri: "......So that's what you are... Noah..."
Noah had crawled out from under that sign unharmed, but now an immense amount of {something} was spilling out from her.
These were unusual symptoms.
Taking her to a hospital would just make a doctor start questioning everything he knows about life.
A doctor couldn't treat the effect Haruto'd had on Noah if he didn't even understand it.
I didn't know everything either.
But it was because I could sense it that—
Senri: "......Gh..."
I was unconsciously fishing for a puzzle ring to rely on.
I pushed down my confusion. There are no problems you can solve after you've lost your cool.
Senri: "It's alright, I'm here."
I squeezed Noah's hand.
It was frail. The slender fingers of that girl's hand felt smaller than usual, like they might break any moment.
Senri: "I'm here with you."
I fiercely let her hear the words again and again.
Senri: "It'll get better soon. It's alright. I'm here."
I told her the same sort of thing as the words occurred to me without thinking about them.
I took my time in saying those things to her without even thinking about their meaning.
Shioriko: "It's Kamidate. I returned with Fiona-san. I've got something to say. Are you in there?"
Senri: "...You can come in, but promise to be quiet."
Shioriko: "...It's dark. Is she not feeling well?"
Senri: "Is that what it looks like?"
Shioriko: "Yes. She's tossing and turning an awful lot. If she's got a fever, shouldn't you be getting her some medicine?"
Senri: "Fiona."
Fiona: "I'm here. We just got back. What are you doing with the lights o... Noah?"
Senri: "........."
Fiona: "Huh? What? Is she okay? Is this the same thing that's happened a few times before?"
Senri: "...I'm sure... you two have no idea what's going on."
Fiona: "Well, explain it to us."
Senri: "Wait in the living room, would you? Once Noah's stabilized, we'll talk."
Fiona: "...Let's go. When he says something like that, he won't change his mind."
Senri: "........."
Noah: "......Gh...... haahh...... haahh...... Sen...ri......"
Senri: "I'm here, Noah."
Noah: "........."
Noah squeezed my hand in response to my words.
Her strained face relaxed a bit. She must have been relieved to see that I was nearby.
There was barely any strength in the hand that gripped mine.
Shioriko: "...It's been almost two hours now. Should we go check on them?"
Senri: "No, I'm back now."
Fiona: "So she's stable now?"
Senri: "Enough..."
Fiona: "Senri? You look a little unsteady on your feet..."
Senri: "My legs are just asleep from sitting for so long. ...Glug... glug... glug... phew."
I finished a Re:D Elephant that was already open and got ready to switch mental tracks.
Senri: "Kamidate, let me hear what you two found first."
Shioriko: "I investigated under the assumption that the former minister was being manipulated. I'm trusting in your judgment, since you two were so involved in the events leading up to the Ministry's shutdown."
Inui himself was one of the masterminds, but it's obvious that there's some eminence grise in the shadows.
Shioriko: "With Fiona-san's help, I managed to meet with three high-ranking members of the Ministry."
Shioriko: "Unfortunately, I wasn't able to get useful information from any one of them."
Senri: "...I take it that's not a joke."
Shioriko: "I am a pursuer of the truth. And I'm always serious. But it wasn't an interview, of course, so I at least ripped some nails off."
Fiona: "I tried to stop her, but it was pointless. She really will torture people with no qualms if it's to obtain her goal."
Shioriko: "But they wailed like babies, 'I don't know! Let me go!' and nothing else after a single nail. Every single one of them."
Senri: "And they weren't acting?"
Fiona: "I'd be able to tell. And I asked them some questions of my own, but it was useless."
Senri: "There'd be no point in talking if you came away from this with nothing. Tell me what you found."
Shioriko: "I suppose we concluded that the fact that we couldn't gain any useful information was useful information in itself."
Shioriko: "This is just a guess given the situation, but... I wonder if there's someone at the core of the organization that's manipulating the group with some special ability or another."
Senri: "The mastermind could know of some fear everyone has that's worse than death, or could be someone with such overwhelming charisma they'd all swear allegiance to him."
Shioriko: "Well, I can tell you that's not it. You think regular people at the top of an organization who aren't trained spies could resist torture?"
Shioriko: "Let's say you could manipulate people's memories at will—practically hypnotize them—it'd be easy to hide the truth, wouldn't it?"
Senri: "Manipulate... memories..."
Senri: "Yeah...... there is someone like that. Ruu."
That incident earlier, if he thought {Noah was his sister and I was his enemy}—if someone had {made} him think that, it would make sense.
It's easy enough to imagine her using him to launch a surprise attack on me, knowing I'd approach him when I realized he was back at school.
If such a person really existed, I could definitely see them using Inui.
The headmaster of the Academy, someone possessing sway over many central figures in the country. He was perfect to control from the shadows. And he'd managed to obtain the authority of the Ministry of Magic.
Senri: "She manipulated Inui to capture Noah and Haruto for their experiments."
Senri: "Then she hid herself away and got rid of him after he'd served his purpose. But since she's not up to anything now, we can surmise that the experiment itself was a failure."
Shioriko: "It must hurt whoever's behind this to have lost the Ministry."
Senri: "They probably weren't expecting their Neocrystallization experiment with Haruto and Noah to fail. And if they require authority to further their plans, it'll take them time to recover."
Shioriko: "If she was planning on nabbing it upon completion of the experiment, just what was Ruu after with this Neocrystallization anyway?"
Fiona and I had experienced for ourselves just how much power a Neocrystallization could produce.
The human body could be weaponized. The ultimate life form created.
But I can use more concrete words to describe all that now.
Fiona: "Hypnotism? Manipulating memories? Aren't you two getting a little ahead of yourselves {supposing} these things exist?"
Fwish. Icicles appeared as if fissures in the air and fell down to the floor.
Fiona: "This is magic."
Fiona: "On the other hand, this is all magic can do. Meddling with people's minds isn't magic. That'd be the occult."
Fiona: "What's this fabricated memory stuff you two are talking about?"
Fiona: "You think they were all operated on? Or is it some new Atori tech?"
Senri: "Kamidate, it's as Fiona says. Of all the things magic can do, manipulating memories isn't one of them."
Fiona: "...Are you making fun of me? Weren't you the one who said Ruu could do it?"
Senri: "Of all the things magic can do, manipulating memories isn't one of them."
So then how did I come to that conclusion?
All I could think was that Kamidate had dug her own grave.
Or—she'd started with this because now was the time when we should tell all.
A truth that Kamidate knew and I knew and Fiona didn't—I had to talk about it as well.
Senri: "Of the things {magic} can do."
Shioriko: "Senri-san, I had a feeling, but... could you be..."
Fiona: "...I'm kinda lost here."
Senri: "Fiona... if I told you I'd never once used magic, would you believe me?"
Fiona: "Did you hit your head or something?"
It was a reasonable reaction. I was about to talk about something absurd. Kamidate must have caught on, as she was looking at me like she'd found something she'd lost a long time ago.
Senri: "Kamidate. You're just an average pursuer of the truth, aren't you? Then let's stop hiding things, and pursue the truth."
Shioriko: "......"
Senri: "If we're going to talk about what happened to Noah, we'll have to proceed under the assumption that people like Ruu and me and you—"
Senri: "—people who can use Dunameis exist, otherwise we won't get anywhere."
Fiona: "Tuna mice...?"
Shioriko: "To be more accurate, it's {could} use in my case, though..."
Fiona was left behind, unable to grasp what I meant, when Kamidate gave that interesting response.
Perhaps sensing that the conversation would be a long one, Fiona went into the kitchen and came back with tea made from her honey-soaked strawberries.
She must have guessed she'd be the best one to explain things, as Kamidate opened her mouth first.
Shioriko: "Dunameis are miraculous powers that just appeared one day. I don't know more than that about them, as I'm not a researcher."
Shioriko: "I was endowed with a Dunamis in the past too... Yes... let's say I was a 'Dynamo.'"
I assented to the term as a current "Dynamo" myself.
Shioriko: "Incidentally, the power I was granted allowed me to 'walk outside of people's perception.'"
Fiona: "A power that allowed you to escape perception—I see. So you're still able to hide your presence so well as a byproduct of that?"
Shioriko: "I can't use that power at all anymore, so it doesn't really have anything to do with it, actually."
Fiona: "Uh... huh."
Senri: "You said you {could} use it. How did you lose your Dunamis?"
Kamidate tipped her teacup back and wet her lips.
Shioriko: "About 12 years ago. I participated in the Holy War between the Dynamos, and lost. That's how."
Neither Fiona nor I interrupted, since we were sure this past of hers was directly connected to Kamidate's true motives.
Shioriko: "It was a battle royale among Dynamos, where they fought until only one remained."
Shioriko: "The Victor was promised any wish granted by the Selector as their reward."
Shioriko: "Are you keeping up?"
Fiona: "Uh, not at all. Frankly, I'm starting to get pissed."
Shioriko: "It's unknown how the participants of the Holy War were selected. The words came down to us as though from on high, and we were made to participate."
Shioriko: "Needless to say, all the participants were Dynamos. That was probably the only condition."
Senri: "...Sorry to interrupt, but if what you say is true, and you survived it... are you the 'Victor'?"
Shioriko: "I'll leave out all the gory details, but... I was essentially 'disqualified' by way of another participant's Dunamis."
Shioriko: "A Dunamis that destroys other Dunameis—someone used that power to disqualify me from the fight without killing me."
Shioriko: "I had done nothing but run from the War, and he allowed me to drop out. He's my savior."
Senri: "...That's a pretty convenient power."
Shioriko: "I sensed that the War had come to an end when that miraculous power spread throughout the world—Elements and magic, which you're plenty familiar with, Fiona-san."
Shioriko: "I grew suspicious of what connection the spread of Elements and the reward for winning the Holy War could have, so I decided to devote the rest of my life to uncovering the truth of that conspiracy."
One day, people suddenly became able to use magic—it's a safe bet the Holy War Kamidate participated in is involved in that somewhere.
Fiona: "This is so random."
Fiona: "For the time being, supposing you two really were 'Dynamos,' would there be some way to prove it?"
Senri: "Well, I told you before that I can't use magic."
Senri: "But I {can} 'recreate' it."
Fwish. Icicles appeared as if fissures in the air and fell down to the floor. The same magic Fiona had produced.
Fiona: "...And that's different from magic how? Sorry to doubt you, but aren't you just using the same magic as me?"
Senri: "No. My power allows me to perceive the way magic Elements have been used in a place and reconstruct that use."
Senri: "Usually, magic makes use of the Elements in the air, but..."
Senri: "...Dynamos refine Elements inside their bodies and use those instead."
Shioriko: "Strictly speaking, it's a bit different. Elements came later and there isn't really a word for the original substance they're based on."
Fiona: "...I thought you could just use any magic, but now that I think about it..."
She must have hit on something; Fiona looked at me in surprise.
Fiona: "Then... you were just using incantations to make people think you were an OutCast?"
Senri: "Yeah. My magic circles are fakes too. I've been using a hologram projector on my terminal."
Fiona: "That's a lot of effort to go through..."
Senri: "I just happened to be good at the same magic as everyone here. What an unfortunate coincidence."
Ruu: "Your talent must be the envy of everyone. To you, Casters are nothing but vermin."
Senri: "It just happened to be a good situation for me."
Inui: "So then what was our earlier fight? Why on earth did you have to hide this much power?"
Senri: "It's up to you whether you want to believe me or not, but it's not like I was hiding it. The conditions just came together."
Senri: "{I became able to use it just now}."
Those two had been exceptionally strong.
It wasn't that I was hiding my power until then— it was because I was able to pull off my greatest reconstructions due to the circumstances that I was able to get through those situations.
Fiona: "Alright. I'll believe you. I'll believe you, so go on."
Senri: "It's common knowledge that magic is produced by consuming the Elements that fill the world."
Senri: "Which means we should consider the origin of magic to be the device that produces those Elements, no?"
Fiona: "A device that produces Elements, controlled by a government research lab—wait!"
Senri: "So you noticed. If you put together all the pieces of information we've gathered until now, that's where it comes together."
Senri: "Kamidate said the Victor of the Holy War could have any wish granted."
Senri: "So what if he wished everyone could use Dunameis, and 'magic' was born as a result...?"
Shioriko: "...A reasonable guess. Or rather, you're probably correct."
It's the only conclusion to come to if the Holy War concluded at the exact time magic came into being.
Fiona: "The Victor is still being researched under the government's watch, and continues to produce Elements."
Fiona: "Which means... what we call magic is based on superpowers called Dunameis...?"
Senri: "To be precise, magic is probably a simplification of Dunameis, so that everyone can use it."
Senri: "If what Kamidate says is true, their cloning plans make sense too, right?"
Fiona: "......Haaahhh... Glug, glug, glug. Phew..."
Fiona tipped back her teacup, and that must not have been enough, because she then went to the faucet for some water.
Fiona: "So why did the Victor wish for a magic society...?"
Shioriko: "You'd have to ask him, but... what's important is that that's the story leading up to society as it is today."
Fiona: "Magic's part of our whole infrastructure now, and to think it came from some completely incomprehensible power like that..."
Senri: "........."
Fiona: "Ah... I'm sorry. I didn't mean it that way."
Senri: "There's no need to apologize. In order to gain mastery over them, people will thoroughly investigate incomprehensible things and attempt to explain them with science."
Senri: "The prosperity of magic society could be said to come from human experimentation done by government research labs on Dynamos."
Senri: "For a reason I won't go into, the government found out that I was one of them."
Senri: "Because of that, I spent the better part of my life as a research subject, and I lost a lot. Like you, Fiona. I was part of those who are taken from."
Fiona was valued for her rare skill with magic and I was used for Dunamis research.
I was able to escape from the facility after this and that and was hiding out in the entertainment district, but Ruu was able to find that out about me.
Senri: "Maybe that's why."
Senri: "Even if you were going about it the wrong way, you were fighting so that no one would have to taste the same despair you did—I couldn't think of you like a stranger."
Fiona: "Senri..."
Senri: "...Very few people know about the origin of magic. And most of them abuse extremely dangerous Dunameis to further their conspiracy."
Senri: "We'll stop them and destroy their plans. Fiona, Kamidate, if you're with me, you need to prepare yourselves for this."
The two of them gave little nods, their expressions more serious than ever.
Shioriko: "...Senri-san, can you tell us what you were planning to explain about Noah after we discussed this?"
The conversation until now was all a preface; we hadn't yet worked out what sort of state Noah was in.
But if they knew everything we'd just spoke of, they should be able to find the answer themselves.
Senri: "Like I said before, my Dunamis allows me to reconstruct magic."
Senri: "Due to how it works, I'm able to detect Elements as well."
Back a year ago when I got hold of a Ring, I was able to sense their function for storing Elements.
It was a bit easier to approach the truth of this conspiracy because of this ability.
Senri: "Before I explain what happened to Noah, I want to start with my conclusion. I believe that Noah..."
Senri: "...may be the Selector from the Holy War."
Noah: ".........Senri...?"
Noah: "Senri, Senri. You're sleeping holding Noah's hand. Wait, when did Noah get here...?"
Senri: "Mm... ah, you're finally awake."
Noah: "If you're sleepy, use the bed. Let's switch."
Senri: "No, I'm fine."
Noah: "Noah was in it, so it's nice an' warm. And it's twice as warm if we're both in it. Wanna do that?"
Senri: "No thanks. You feeling better now?"
Noah: "? Noah? Absitively great. Why d'you ask?"
Senri: "........."
I strained my eyes, my gaze somewhere around her chest, and Noah bent down and stared back at me.
Noah: "You wanna go!"
Senri: "What?"
Noah: "You pickin' a fight! Or are ya all show!"
Senri: "...I'm not. Here, have some vitamins."
As soon as she saw the strawberries I'd prepared for when she woke up, Noah clenched her fists.
Noah: "Fiona's not here?"
Senri: "Haven't seen her since she said she was gonna get a little of the night air. I'm sure she'll be back soon, though."
I don't know about Kamidate, but Fiona needed time to organize the information she'd just heard, considering she hadn't been aware of all that backstory herself.
Cram all that information into someone and it doesn't surprise me they'd want some night air.
And Kamidate, being Kamidate, said she'd go investigate Haruto's circumstances on her own. I haven't heard from her since.
Noah: "Slurp slurp condensed milk."
The mountain of strawberries in front of Noah had vanished in no time at all. Guess she's got an appetite.
Senri: "If that wasn't enough, want to go buy more?"
Noah: "I do. With Senri."
Seeing her stand up energetically on her own legs made it seem almost like all that before was just a dream.
Senri: "Noah......"
Noah: "...?"
Senri: "No, it's nothing. I'm gonna go wash my face, so if you want to change, do that."
Noah: "Positutely."
Senri: "......Holy War, huh?"
I closed the bedroom door and leaned against it. Listlessly muttering the words, I took a deep breath and closed my eyes.
Fiona: "...The Selector?"
Senri: "Or something similar. Whatever the case, she's tied closely to the conspiracy Ruu and her organization are behind."
Shioriko: "What exactly happened?"
Senri: "Haruto's gone back to school and he's completely incoherent. He thought I was his enemy and attacked us."
Senri: "When he did, Haruto, who's a clone of the Victor, {injured} Noah."
Senri: "I've never seen Noah be physically injured before. And sure enough, it wasn't blood that came from her wound."
Shioriko: "Elements?!"
Senri: "Exactly. I can detect Elements. On the other hand, to you two, it probably just looked like she was sleeping with a fever."
Fiona: "Wait a second, does that mean that at Next, when the believers who offered Fragments were preferentially awarded miracles—"
Senri: "I can't imagine that was unrelated."
Senri: "He died in that accident, but the man who raised Noah up as the founder, her assistant, must have had some information on her."
Fiona: "I was ordered to take him back to Inui alive... So that's what that was about..."
Shioriko: "...Noah-san is the 'founder'? I believe you told me you didn't gain anything from that infiltration."
Senri: "Don't look at me. We can only talk about this now, right?"
Shioriko: "If we're bringing Fragments into this, then is 12/12 connected to all this too?"
Senri: "Even if it is, I think 12/12 might have been unexpected for Ruu."
Senri: "If she needed Noah for her plans, then she would have been using whatever methods she could to keep Noah by her side."
Senri: "But she didn't. No, she couldn't. She either didn't know where she was, or some other step was incomplete."
Fiona: "Can't we just ask Noah about all this when she wakes up?"
Senri: "Her memories were already unclear by the time I took her away from Next."
Senri: "And now I think it'll only have the opposite effect if we ask her any stimulating questions."
Shioriko: "I think I've grasped the basic situation. So what are you planning on doing now?"
Senri: "Investigating Haruto's circumstances is important too, but there's one thing I must prioritize above all else."
Fiona: "...Noah's safety, right?"
Senri: "Fiona sure has changed..."
She arrived at the answer in no time at all even after such a perplexing conversation about things she'd never heard of before like Dunameis and the Holy War.
I'm sure she still had her doubts, but she'd grasped the gist of things perfectly. She was also able to put all this together with her own goals and arrive at a conclusion that suited them in no time at all, despite the situation.
Senri: "........."
Ruu...
As a fellow Dynamo, I'll crush whatever stupid thing it is you're scheming.
I'll smash apart whatever it is you're trying to achieve using the Victor and Noah, whatever she may be.
Noah: "I'm absitively ready to go."
The scent of cherry blossoms brought my thoughts back to reality.
Noah: "Geeez."
Senri: "There's nothing we can do if they were sold out."
Noah: "Any store that runs out of strawberries is on its way out of business."
Senri: "You're going to have to deal with that. I know it's no substitute, but want one of these?"
Noah: "Meanwhile, Senri gets a whole box of his favorite. Why such a difference?"
Senri: "They're cheaper if you buy 'em in bulk. And they won't spoil, unlike strawberries."
Noah: "Re:D Elephant isn't spring-y."
Senri: "If you like spring so much, you should get a job centered around it."
Noah: "A spring job. Got a recommendation?"
Senri: "......"
Plenty of summer jobs come to mind immediately, related to the beach and fireworks festivals. Winter's the same. But what would a spring job be like?
Senri: "If you want to enjoy the changing of the seasons, you should work at a nature park."
Senri: "If you want to feel spring all year long, you could work at a marriage agency or do fortune-telling for love. That's only if you consider such things spring-like, of course."
Noah: "Is marriage spring? The king of spring?"
Senri: "It's spring for those involved, but it's also called the graveyard of life."
Noah: "For what reason?"
Senri: "I hear that, after marrying, lots of men lament seeing new sides of their wives they never imagined existed before."
Senri: "Women are clever. They excel at reading between the lines and are sensitive to hierarchies. Makeup. Chatting. They learn quickly how best to entice others."
Senri: "They hide their weak points and show off their strong ones. They compare themselves to others, and are always sharpening their own weapons."
Senri: "This is why men need to grasp the true natures of their partners on the path of love towards the destination of marriage, before they make that final decision."
Noah: "Marriage is... survival?"
Senri: "That seems fitting. Procuring a good wife at a suitable age affords one a certain status. You could even call it a competition."
Noah: "I got it. Noah's perfect job. A loving wife."
Senri: "Maybe once you can handle housework."
Noah: "So indifferent. Noah's marrying Senri. An absitively perfect wife. High status achieved."
Senri: "As long as I don't have to lament it."
I have no idea how much she'd grasped of the conversation, but Noah stood there with an all-accepting smile... rather like a spring breeze.
Noah: "Let's marry Fiona too. Fiona's relatively cute. She'll be my wife."
Senri: "......Yeah. If you value your life, I'd leave that 'relatively' out."
I regained my grip on the box of 24 Re:D Elephant cans. Noah was staring at me with her cute, round eyes.
Noah: "Ah, okay. Okay, okay."
Senri: "Hey, Noah."
Noah: "Okay, okay, okay."
I sighed as Noah took off. Her reasons for doing anything were as unclear as ever.
Noah: "Ta-dah!"
Finally coming to a stop, Noah took something out.
Senri: "A strawberry? I don't remember buying any..."
Noah: "They were sold out of strawberry packs, but there was one in the corner. I swiped it."
It must have spilled out of one of the packs on display. Strictly speaking, it's theft, but as it had lost its value as a product, it would have been thrown away in the end anyway.
But I couldn't figure out how the one strawberry related to stopping here.
Noah: "Here works."
Senri: "?!"
My eyes widened in spite of me. Noah loved strawberries so much, and yet she'd tossed this one aside in the shade of a tree.
Senri: "Don't be wasteful. That's not a garbage can, you know."
Noah: "......?"
Noah cocked her head, then reached out to the dirt.
Noah: "You do this and this, and this, and..."
She gathered weeds, earth, and stones toward the discarded strawberry.
Noah: "Senri, marker!"
Senri: "...What are you doing, exactly?"
I sighed and gave her a pen. Noah picked up a broken popsicle stick and ran the pen across its dirty surface.
After finishing the almost ritualistic work, she stuck the stick in the ground, looking rather satisfied with herself.
Noah: "How exciting."
Senri: "........."
Noah: "Just one ain't enough. Can't split it three ways. I wan' a whole field."
Senri: "...So you didn't throw it away."
Noah: "?"
To anyone—to {me}—it had just looked like Noah had thrown away her favorite food.
Noah: "{Grow big and strong}."
But she hadn't thrown it away. She'd taken her one precious strawberry and planted it like a seedling.
Of course, strawberries require fertilizer, so this wouldn't be enough for them to grow. They should also get sun and protection from bacteria and other things in the soil.
Noah: "Fiona and Senri filled it up."
Noah: "Noah's empty places. They're filled up with important things now."
It would rot for sure.
All she'd done was dirty the city.
Agriculturists would be angered, calling it a crime of ignorance.
Noah: "Grow lots and lots so we can all share."
Senri: "...With us and Fiona?"
Noah: "Yep. The always nice Senri and the relatively cute Fiona. I wanna give back to you two."
Trees grow as if a symbol of happiness in this lead-colored world, exposed to exhaust fumes and cold winds.
That's what Noah thinks, without a doubt.
Senri: (Isn't this a a big responsibility for you?)
The strawberry that had lost its commercial value and was merely waiting to be disposed of had now been given a weighty mission.
Dying is easy, but living is difficult.
Senri: "I look forward to the harvest."
Noah: "Senri, are you smiling?"
Senri: "Hey, if I'm feeling amused, even I'll smile. That's how people work."
Senri: "Do your best to live, strawberry."
Noah: "Grow up absitively strong, strawberry."
====================H005.TXT====================
Noah: "Suddenly, it's a four-question psychology quiz. If you get it right, you don't get anything."
Fiona: "Then I won't do it."
Noah: "If they decline when they learn that there's no reward, go to 'E'..."
Noah: "'E' types hate people. They're almost refreshingly self-centered and only act when they have something to gain. You should think before interacting with them, it says."
Fiona: "Incorrect. If I hated people, I wouldn't play along with you, Noah."
Noah: "What a positutely absitively hopeless magazine."
Fiona: "It's dangerous to read while you walk like that, so come on, don't cling so hard, Noah."
She sent me a look that said "stop watching and help me out," but I had no intention of butting into their girls' talk.
Noah: "Fiona, Fiona, it's amazing. Look."
Fiona: "What is it this time?"
Noah: "A 'possibilities of magic' corner. Ice sculptures. A super realistic woodpecker. Absitively miraculous."
Fiona: "Stupid... They're prettier when you do them by hand. Who would make something like that with magic?"
Noah: "If you entered the contest, Fiona?"
Fiona: "I'd win. I could win the lottery if I tried. But I have no interest in things like that."
Noah: "That's my relatively cute Fiona. Definitely cute, relatively."
Fiona: "Are you complimenting me? Or insulting me?"
Noah: "Fiona, Fiona. Look at this, look."
Senri: "Noah, there's a shop there, right? Would you go buy four taiyaki? They have anko in them, you know."
Noah: "That sounds good. Four? Absitively? Then there's one left over. Noah gets one more. Noah gets a handicap?"
Senri: "Put the extra money into your savings. Here you go."
Noah: "Roger!"
Fiona: "...Senri. Noah seems even more energetic than usual. Is this how much she recovered after one night's sleep?"
Senri: "It looks that way on the surface, I suppose. But we haven't solved the fundamental problem."
Fiona: "Did you do something?"
Senri: "Something...? What do you mean?"
Fiona: "I don't know, something. I don't know all that much about Noah or Dunameis."
Senri: "Anyway, sorry I couldn't accompany you on our training this morning."
Fiona: "Well, we do get more done together. But you're exhausted from all this stuff with Noah, right? So you do act human every once in a while."
Senri: "I'll make up for my indolence soon enough."
Fiona: "You've got a lead?"
Senri: "It'll probably be quickest to meet with a Next believer who had a Fragment to offer."
Fiona: "A believer...? You plan for everything, huh? When on earth did you get information like that?"
Senri: "We won't be meeting for the first time. And it's someone you know too, Fiona."
Fiona: "Huh? You don't mean..."
Fiona put a hand to her forehead and sighed awkwardly.
Ageha: "Hello, hellooo! Who is iiit?"
Senri: "It's been a while, Ageha."
Ageha: "No way! Sen-chan?! I don't even know if I've got makeup on or not right now! I'm Schroedinger's Ageha! Am I decent?!"
Senri: "You're decent. I couldn't care less, after all."
Ageha: "I'm so touched you'd come to see me! Come in, come in♪"
Senri: "Is it really alright?"
Ageha: "Of cooourse! Don't you know you can always cum inside, Sen-chan!"
Fiona: "We've got permission, then?"
Noah: "We can do as we please!"
Ageha: "HONWAAAAaaAAaaAAh!!"
Ageha: "Stop stop stop!! An assassin! An assassin and the founder! The founder's fine, but an assassin!!"
Fiona: "Ageha."
Ageha: "Eek?! She's hiding something! She's got a knife! A knife, hyaaaah!!"
Fiona: "You're overreacting, Ageha. Here, it's taiyaki."
Ageha: "Eeeee, she's gonna kill me with taiya—taiyaki? Like... taiyaki taiyaki?"
Fiona: "...Phew. I'll wait outside, so you three can talk amongst yourselves."
Ageha: "No, w... Fiona... mm-mm, come in, Fiona! I don't really get it, but it's like, you know..."
Ageha: "If you're with Sen-chan, it means the problem's been resolved, right?"
Senri: "So she says. Close the door, it's getting cold in here."
Fiona: "Ageha, thank you. And... I'm sorry."
Ageha: "Oh, it's fine! Ah, but if it's like a 'I won't be satisfied' kinda thing, y'know..."
Ageha: "Then I can hit you once and we can call it even. I always thought it was pretty obnoxious of you to be cuter than me♪"
Fiona: "Hm?"
Ageha: "Huh?"
You can only fight with someone if you're close to them. These two should probably have always had a relationship similar to this.
Ageha: "Ahahahahahaha! You drinkin'?! Fiona, you drinkin'?!"
Fiona: "I'm drinking enough. Though I've never had taiyaki with alcohol before."
Ageha: "Man, I'm just so happy to be able to hang out with you two like this! Huh? Did you get better at holding your alcohol, Fiona?"
Fiona: "Yeah... actually, I don't really get drunk. I was just acting before."
Ageha: "Hmmm, that's pretty impressive..."
I sent a cold stare to the two of them tipping back whiskey and amusing themselves with small talk.
Senri: "So you've given up your recruiting job and are hiding out here?"
Ageha: "Somethin' like that. I'm startin' to get back in touch with people I used to know, an' we're probably gonna get somethin' started up soon."
Noah: "This is good stuff."
Ageha: "Oh, Miss Founder, you sure can drink! Here, I'll pour you some more#"
Noah: "Ageha. Noah is fine. Do as you please."
Senri: "It's easier to get drunk off of the carbonated stuff, Noah. Take it easy."
Noah: "...Phaahh. The best stuff I've had in recent years."
Fiona: "Mine's better than last year's, which was better than anything else in recent years."
Ageha: "Mine's the best in the last 50 years!"
The bottles of sparkling wine all had self-serving slogans like that on them.
Noah: "It's all bubbly! And pink and spring-y!"
Ageha: "Spring's nice, isn't it? Whether you're buying or selling. Sleeping through it while imagining all those new graduates hard at work is one of the best things about it, too."
Noah: "There's as many springs as people. Noah will form a spring alliance with Ageha."
Ageha: "Noah-sama's cheeks are so soft?! Baby skin! Compared to this you're no good at all..."
Senri: "...What."
Ageha: "You look like you're not getting enough to eat! Look here, you've got bags under your eyes! Are you jacking off too much?"
Senri: "Leave me alone. I'm actually busy every day, unlike you."
Ageha: "No, no, no. I think you're just getting old. See, look. Sniff sniff, sniff sniff sniff."
Fiona: "Can't hide the old person smell...?"
We were only a few years apart in age, but responding to her provocation would be just what Fiona wanted.
The room had become saturated with drunkenness. We'd come here to obtain information, but apparently that was a bad idea.
It didn't seem like we'd be able to get any new information on Next or Fragments.
Noah: "Ageha's skin's all smooth too. Smooth as a baby's bottom?"
Ageha: "Geheheh. Ladies in love look ten years younger!"
Noah: "Spring!"
Ageha: "Ooh, I'm head over heels for the first time in a while! My life's all flowers now! Love is good. Mhm. I really feel alive."
Fiona: "Congrats. You're dating now, then? What's the species? Or is it a doll? It's not like a crab or something, right?"
Ageha: "Hm? Hm, Fiona? Huh?? If you're too full of yourself I'll kiss you with tongue, you punk."
Noah: "Ooh, kiss me, kiss me!"
Ageha: "Aaah Noah-sama, I reallly wanna! Aaaah this is maddening, you're so precious! Curse the foul exclusivity of pure love!"
Ageha: "And yet Ageha can say no! No, Noah-sama! Ageha swore in her heart of hearts not to be unfaithful!"
Senri: "That's a cheap promise. I'd expect you to break it in about three seconds."
Ageha: "'Zat what you think of me?"
Senri: "Gimme the address of this special someone. I'll send them a recording of this conversation."
Ageha: "Well! Let's put all this talk of love aside and drink! Drink!"
Senri: "No, we've had enough. Sorry for intruding."
Ageha: "Huh? Oh, huh. You were in a hurry?"
We shouldn't stay any longer. I doubt anything here will leave an impression on me.
Noah: "—Ageha, it's falling! Hold it. I'm gonna make a thing from a magazine."
Ageha: "What?! Noah-sama's making a champagne tower! I'll help!"
Senri: "......"
.........This is a waste of time.
Fiona: "Why don't you take a seat, Senri? Noah's having fun with Ageha, and it won't kill us to rest a bit longer."
Senri: "...No thanks."
Ageha: "One more glass♪ One more glass♪"
Noah: "It's done! Ageha, pour the champagne! Hurry, hurry!"
Ageha: "Okay okaaay! I'll go get like ten more bottles!"
Senri: "Noah, we're leaving."
Ageha: "Excuse me, Sen-chan. This is the good part, so please keep it down. If this thing falls, all our hard work will be for naught!"
Senri: "......Haahh... Her ears are broken, huh."
As I went by the glass tower, I plucked one out from a spot they couldn't see.
Senri: "Come out when you're done. I'll be waiting outside."
Ageha: "Almost there, almost—ah?!"
Noah: "Owhoawhoa."
I heard the sound of the stacked glasses collapsing along with their screams.
It shouldn't take long for them to lose their enthusiasm and end this little gathering.
After leaving Ageha's safehouse, we checked a few places I thought might be promising, but we weren't able to obtain any of the information I was hoping for.
Fiona: "Maybe we should head back, or try to contact our reporter."
Senri: "Kamidate's investigating on her own right now. We can't interrupt her."
Fiona: "...I suppose so. You and she are both busy with your investigations. Are you annoyed at Noah and Ageha for having so much fun while you're busy?"
Senri: "...What are you talking about?"
Fiona: "Did you think I wouldn't notice? What, did you nab that glass because you're irritated things aren't going well and just wanted to take it out on them?"
Senri: "So what if I did?"
Fiona: "So what... Knock it off already. Have you really not noticed?"
Noticed...?
Senri: "......Ah. Since when?"
Fiona: "You're so pissed that you're not even noticing stuff like the amateur tailing us."
How long has it been? I can suddenly feel a very obvious pair of eyes watching us from behind.
I tried to find the right timing to grab the guy without turning around, but the presence disappeared before I could attempt anything.
Senri: "So they've noticed too."
Fiona: "Normally, you wouldn't have missed that, right?"
Senri: "......"
Normally... eh?
Noah: "Senri, Senri."
Noah stood at the old site of the waste warehouse that had been destroyed a year ago and beckoned me over.
The site had only been cleaned up in the simplest way possible. All the rubble had been collected in the center and blocked off with barricade tape.
Noah had picked up some of the junk Magi of mysterious purpose and was trying it out for some reason.
Senri: "Guess there was a shop here once, wasn't there?"
It had been known to some OutCasts due to its involvement in spreading the counterfeit Rings.
The shopkeeper had profited from selling them, but after it became clear how dangerous they were, he'd ended up a target.
Noah: "It's not working. Can you work it, Senri?"
Senri: "Don't ask the impossible. That was junk when it was on sale too. It's nothing but scrap parts."
Noah: "Absitively?"
Senri: "Pretty sure the guy who ran the store told everyone 'you touch it, you buy it.'"
???/Etoh: "That's right. That's the rule here."
Noah: "...Who's there?"
Senri: "Etoh. The guy who used to run things here..."
Fiona: "This is the shop that was used to distribute the Rings to the OutCasts, huh?"
I was a little curious about what he was doing here, but he was free to do as he liked.
Maybe he had more free time than he knew what to do with if he was hanging around the site of his old shop.
Noah: "And if you break the rule?"
Etoh: "You got a fitting punishment... but now that I've closed up shop, it hardly matters anymore."
Noah: "Phew. But Noah's relief was short-lived. For she noticed."
Noah: "This. The place that was here used to be yours, Mister?"
Etoh: "That's what I said, isn't it? It was a whole year ago, though."
Noah: "Spring will come to you too, Mr. Goggles... no worries... no worries..."
Etoh: "Hey now, you trying to make me feel better?"
I hadn't seen his face in a while, but there was nothing I felt I needed to ask him at this point. We'd only met once and weren't particularly close or anything.
Senri: "Noah, let's get going."
Noah: "Roger. See you later, Mr. Goggles."
Etoh: "........."
We turned our backs on Etoh, who stood there wordlessly.
Senri: "Don't get too friendly with people you don't know. Not all of them will understand you, Noah."
Noah: "Absitively, with conditions."
Fiona: "So you only mostly agree?"
Senri: "You should become an interpreter."
Etoh: "Seems like you haven't made much progress since that business at the Ministry."
—That business at the Ministry?
Senri: "You make it sound like you're only here because you had something to say to us."
Etoh: "And if I do?"
I heightened my sense of caution and tried to detect anyone else in the vicinity, but we didn't seem to be surrounded.
Fiona: "I don't suppose you could tell us exactly how much you know?"
Fiona asked him with a tough smile, rubbing her fingers together behind her back. I was sure she was reciting some poetry under her breath so that she could use magic at any time too.
Etoh: "I work for the organization, and have been tasked with watching you."
He'd stated his affiliation so quickly, it took my brain an extra moment to process it.
Senri: "So... you're our enemy."
Etoh: "Guess so."
Senri: "If you're our enemy, launch a surprise attack like an enemy would. What did you show yourself to us for?"
Etoh: "Wait a second. I may be part of their little operation, but I'm not important enough to meet with anyone on top, like her."
Fiona: "Same as Kohiruimaki, then. Someone unimportant trying to rise through the ranks by acting on their own."
Etoh: "Unarmed? Don't make me laugh. Do I look like I've got the power to take you two down?"
Senri: "...Who knows. You here to sell us information on them for a ridiculous sum, then?"
Fiona: "When you think about, they basically destroyed your shop. I can't believe you'd go to work for them after that."
Etoh: "They more than made up for it with what they paid me. I've got no interest in running some miserly little hole in the wall."
Noah: "Mr. Goggles, Mr. Goggles, are you on our side?"
Etoh: "I can help you out."
Etoh: "You're searching for these, right? Here, take it."
Senri: "......It's real?"
Etoh: "Do I look skilled enough to be able to create a fake?"
There was no end to my questions, but it was true that we had no promising leads.
We weren't in a situation where we could ignore such a boon, regardless of where it came from and how suddenly it came to us.
Noah: "We'll take what we can get. How nice. We're grateful."
While I was hesitating about whether to accept it, a hand came out from beside me and took the bottle with the Fragments inside.
Etoh: "That'll be proof of my good will."
Senri: "...Noah, since you took it, you keep it."
Noah: "Positutely."
Senri: "I get that you're not looking to do us harm right now, but your employers can give you much more money than we ever could. What is it you want from us?"
Etoh: "I'm not doing this for money. It's up to you whether you want to believe me or not, but if you want to know what I have to say..."
Senri: "......A number? No, this is—"
The roughly-torn memo paper had a series of alphanumeric characters on it. I guessed it was a cipher.
Etoh: "That says where I'll hand over the rest of the Fragments to you. Show up before the sun sets. We'll talk then."
Senri: "This is elaborate. Are you the type who goes so slow and steady you don't even finish the race?"
Etoh: "That's a good observation."
Smiling just with his mouth, Etoh turned around.
Etoh: "......"
Fiona: "......What? Did I do something?"
After staring at Fiona for a few seconds, Etoh disappeared into an alley.
Noah: "Super popular?"
Senri: "You know, he could demand your body in exchange for the trade, Fiona."
Noah: "Just the tip. Just the tip is okay."
Fiona: "Yeah, yeah. We got something at least, so let's go home for today."
...Etoh wasn't lying about being part of the organization.
He had too much information backing that up. I can't imagine anyone uninvolved would be able to find all that out about us on their own.
The same goes for the Fragments he had. That conversation wouldn't have made sense if he didn't have the organization behind him.
Considering that, it might only be obvious that Etoh brought this up with us.
Inui could carry out large-scale terrorism with a single spell, and he was dead. Fiona had first-class combat abilities, and she'd left. And all their political power was gone now that the Ministry's activities had been frozen.
Those were all signs that the organization was in danger. Now was the only time for someone low on the totem pole like Etoh to get out.
Of course, just getting out would be easy, but he was trying to gain something by ingratiating himself with us, who were such a thorn in Ruu and her friends' sides.
It was a crafty way to do things, like a merchant would—and if I thought that way, it made sense.
Noah: "—Senri, Senri, Fiona's calling you."
Senri: "She's ready? I've decoded the message."
Noah: "Message: look out the window ASAP."
The window—so there was something outside.
Senri: "......I see..."
We were surrounded. At a glance there looked to be ten to twenty people out there. Fortunately, it wasn't BURST, but the armed "public safety corps."
Senri: "We'll have to abandon this place."
We barely had time to pack necessities. We'd have to leave behind everything else, including my favorite series of puzzle rings (the 7 Sins set), Noah's piggy bank, and our clothes.
Senri: "—Fiona, I understand the situation. You have an escape route ready?"
Fiona: "I just disabled the elevator and froze the emergency stairs. That should buy us enough time."
Senri: "And block off our escape too. How are we supposed to get out of here with Noah?"
Fiona: "Currently accepting suggestions."
Our obstructing the routes up to our room was, on the other hand, proof to the public safety corps that we were in the building.
They were likely racing up the emergency stairs right now. Danger was fast approaching.
Noah: "Fiona, Fiona."
Noah was beckoning Fiona over to a window she'd opened. She didn't seem worried about the situation we were in at all as she looked out at the bland view outside, her eyes sparkling.
Noah: "Direct travel to the ground: Fiona Slider."
Senri: "A little diamond dust chute straight to the ground, eh..."
Fiona: "Neither of you are afraid of heights, are you?"
Senri: "I agree with Noah. Having a siege in here isn't going to solve anything."
Noah: "Mega-exciting!"
Fiona: "The direct express slide is now boarding. Please watch your arms and legs as you enter."
Fiona: "If you're not careful you could end up going head first. And I'm not accepting any complaints about wet butts, so I do hope you understand."
Senri: "Don't make it too steep. I'll go get my shoes."
Fiona: "My butt's all numb! Senri, massage it for me."
Noah: "Absitively exhilarating. Again! Again!"
Fiona had completed her untested ice slide of terror (safety features: none) in about half a minute.
Thanks to her, we'd successfully made our escape, but unlike a water slide, we weren't landing in a pool, so Noah had messed up her landing.
Fiona: "You really went flying into that lamp post, but I guess you're alright, huh?"
Noah: "Noah's tough. Wanna try the Fiona Slider again from higher up."
Fiona: "I suppose we could do this again sometime."
Senri: "I'm good."
Fiona: "Oh? Are you in a bad mood? It's okay, I made sure to burn the sight of you falling on your ass into my retinas."
Noah: "Chin up, Senri."
Senri: "Can it. Let's get over to Etoh now."
Fiona: "Really? There's a good chance our hideout was surrounded because Etoh leaked our location. This meeting place could be a trap too."
Senri: "If they knew where we were, they'd launch a sneak attack at night. There wouldn't be any reason for them to show themselves to us like that."
Fiona: "Okay, let's just assume I get all that."
Senri: "He was careful enough to specify our meeting place with a code and made it sound like he was acting out of self-interest when we spoke to him. That makes me think he got in contact with us for personal reasons."
Fiona: "Still, there's no harm in being careful. You want to be surrounded and have Noah taken again like at the docks?"
Senri: "......"
Fiona: "I have other safehouses. Wouldn't it be more prudent to make sure we're well-prepared first?"
Senri: "...Noah, you have the bottle Etoh gave you?"
Noah: "You told me to keep it. I got it."
Senri: "Lemme see it."
Noah: "Here y'go!"
Senri: "...Okay, you can put it away. And don't lose it."
Noah: "Roger."
Senri: "'Who dares, wins'—it's the motto of a certain special forces, and it's one of my personal creeds."
Senri: "Let's go. Etoh's waiting."
Fiona: "...Alright. All I have to do is protect whoever's in front of me. Whatever sparks fly, I'll keep them at bay."
Noah: "The ever-reliable Fiona. Nothin' to worry about with her around."
Fiona: "So you decoded it, right? Where are we going?"
Senri: "There's no time. I'll explain as we go."
====================H007.TXT====================
Senri: "It was a simple substitution cypher."
Fiona: "Hmm... so you're not just playing around with those difficult puzzle rings on a whim."
Senri: "You can throw that away."
Fiona: "It's so thin, but the quality's like drawing paper."
Fiona held the paper with the code on it up to the light for no reason. I'd decoded the message on it, so the paper itself was worthless now.
Noah: "Noah'll take it. Must treasure our resources."
Fiona: "That's a wonderful mindset to have."
Senri: "Do what you want."
I didn't even spend a minute solving it. It must have just been a code he'd seen once before somewhere, and it left no impression on me.
Fiona: "...Anyway, let's go. When I think about that place, it just doesn't sit right with me."
Noah: "I hear it."
Senri: "Noah, what's wrong?"
Noah: "Crying. I hear crying. People... The town's... sorrow, clamor, rage—twisting.
Senri: "I don't sense anything. What about you, Fiona?"
Fiona: "Same here. I don't see anything in the area, but maybe Noah's got really good ears."
Did she pick up some of the voices at one of the protests that have been going nonstop since the Ministry was shut down?
We may have been in the industrial sector far from the city center, but if there was a riot or any kind of large-scale destruction, we should be able to hear it and feel the vibrations out here.
Senri: "Is it bothering you?"
Noah: "Mm... Noah will stay with Senri. Are we almost there?"
Senri: "It's just ahead."
Noah: "It keeps going on forever. It's eternal. Senri, I found eternity."
We didn't have a choice to come here, since it's what the code specified, but I wasn't too enthusiastic about meeting at the harbor.
There was our falling into Inui's trap here, but I was more worried about the effect it might have on Noah since she'd unconsciously used some magic—or Dunamis—to protect us from those bullets.
But my worries were completely unfounded. Noah looked out at the twilit sea with an even sunnier smile than usual.
Fiona: "There's a cliff beyond the horizon where the seawater all pours off like a waterfall."
Noah: "Huh...?"
Fiona: "The water keeps going, but it never gets anywhere. It just falls down into the endless darkness."
Senri: "What are you talking about, Fiona?"
Noah: "What are you absitively talking about? The world's round, everybody knows that. Fiona's a dangerous type. Use caution."
Fiona: "I was just wondering if Noah'd buy it. She seems like the type to say that gravity pulls things 'down.'"
Noah: "Noah's being mocked on. Fiona's mocking on Noah. It's time to show her who she's messin' with."
I left the two of them alone in their high spirits and looked around the "harbor, south, Warehouse E" from the decoded message.
It was deserted, so the securely-locked warehouse was completely silent. I almost felt like it was glaring at me.
Senri: "Well, there's no ambush, but there's no Etoh either. The location... is right."
I told the two of them when they rushed over, and Fiona shrugged her shoulders.
Fiona: "Well, he didn't set a clear time, so it's only natural this would happen, right?"
Noah: "Stood up?"
Maybe we were just here before he expected us, like Fiona had said.
True, the sun was still patiently waiting above the horizon, painting the sky in twilight hues.
Senri: "........."
Etoh: "That says where I'll hand over the rest of the Fragments to you. Show up before the sun sets. We'll talk."
Something felt wrong about this.
It was easy to be confident in myself and just assume that the other party hadn't arrived.
But was that really true?
A code like something you'd see on an advertisement for "brain training" or the like would be no different from simply writing the location.
Senri: "I made a mistake."
Fiona: "Huh? What do you mean?"
Senri: "I overlooked something simple—we should assume my solution to the code was wrong."
Fiona: "But I checked it too. The way you solved it and the location that came up didn't seem strange at all."
Time is limited. And I'm feeling the importance of time even more clearly now.
Senri: "What if there were two answers?"
Senri: "The easiest answer to arrive at is fake. And if we were fooled by it, Etoh's already waiting at the real solution."
Fiona: "You're imagining things. We're at the right place."
Senri: "Etoh might be laughing at me from far off, while I stand here all proud of myself for solving his code."
Fiona: "Senri, you're being weird. All we have to do is wait for him to come. You can't just be patient?"
Noah: "Senri, Fiona. Are you busy?"
Senri: "Noah—that's right, you haven't thrown out the paper, right? Show it to me."
Noah: "About that."
She held out the paper with the code on it from behind her back.
Noah: "I was squeezing it the whole time, so this happened."
Fiona: "It looks like a picture's appeared on it... Am I imagining things?"
Noah: "Hand Power!"
Senri: "Something like invisible ink. Etoh had made a second solution, separate from the code, on special paper that reacts to Elements."
The thin but high-quality paper—Fiona's comment about it now seemed to make sense.
Fiona: "So someone proficient with magic touching it for a certain period of time draws out the hidden location."
Actually, it was probably because of the Fragments he'd given us that Noah was also carrying. If not, then something faint would have appeared just from us touching it.
In any case, if this is what he was really after, the simpler the code, the better. If you solved it too fast and let go of the paper early, you'd never find that real solution.
Noah: "Leaf it t'me. Leaf it to Noah."
Fiona: "It's all thanks to Noah keeping it close, huh?"
Senri: "......"
I was only relieved for a moment. I took one look at the now dark paper and realized that this was no time for relaxing.
It wasn't words, but a map of Agartha covering the whole page—Fiona cocked her head when she saw the spot indicated on it.
Fiona: "That's a pretty rough map."
Fiona: "If we're around here now, then this is the center of the city... huh?"
She looked at me in surprise, but I was just as shocked as her on the inside.
Senri: "To think the harbor would be his fake, while he's actually waiting at the ministry."
Fiona: "What kind of harassment is this?"
Senri: "Who knows. Let's hurry."
The sun sneered as it sank below the horizon.
Noah: "This is... It feels just like earlier..."
As soon as we got out of the harbor, Noah stopped. She was taking in the atmosphere with all five of her senses, like a hiker feeling the wind on top of a mountain.
Before I could ask her what she'd sensed, I felt a heavy boom in the pit of my stomach, like a building collapsing far away.
Fiona: "Senri, that was—"
Senri: "Looks like there's enough going on in town that it might even leave an impression on me."
A pillar of black smoke rose up into the sky like a giant piercing the heavens. It traced a foul shape in the air as if to imply disaster in our future, then disappeared.
Fiona: "I've got a bad feeling about this."
Senri: "The 'situation' is like a living thing. It could launch a surprise attack at any moment."
Fiona: "Well, you're working with a girl whose plans never go well, so that's within expectations, isn't it?"
Senri: "It's not like I've ever wished for trouble we're better off avoiding, though..."
I'd had a bad feeling ever since we got into a taxi, but once we got through the industrial area on foot, I finally realized what the situation actually was.
Noah: "Road closed. Senri, it looks like we can't get through here."
Senri: "I can see that. Don't go out into the street if you don't want to get hit by a car."
Car horns were blaring, practically tearing my ear drums. The street was crammed full of cars packed tight together.
A driver had gotten out of a truck and was almost leaning over the barricade screaming at the person directing traffic.
Noah: "The transport industry is tough. The customer is always right. I was late 'cause the road was closed. Nobody asked for your excuses."
Noah: "Urgh, I'm terribly... sorry... As soon as I get promoted, you're done for. Soon as I get promoted, you're done for..."
Fiona: "I'm back. I got some info... what exactly is she doing?"
Senri: "Ignore her 'courier who can't get a promotion' shtick. So you figured out what's up?"
Fiona: "There are roadblocks set up on all the roads going from the outside of Agartha into the city."
Fiona: "But they're not blocking traffic {out of} the city."
Fiona: "From what I could find out online, it looks like there's an anti-magic riot going on."
Here the "situation" comes. I was sure Etoh had heard about the riots, but there was no guarantee he'd stay past the appointed time.
Noah: "If we can't get through, we'll have to go around. That's what the old man must have done too."
Senri: "True, but..."
It's likely that the trains aren't running either. And if we got a taxi, we'd just be stuck. Stealing a two-wheeled vehicle and the three of us all riding it... wasn't realistic.
Fiona: "If they're telling people to evacuate, it's not going to work, right?"
Fiona: "We could go around, but the next bridge is going to be blocked too. I'd bet on it."
Noah: "What do we do, Senri?"
Senri: "......Ngh... yeah... I'm thinking..."
Assuming all forms of transportation will be obstructed, what we should avoid most is the time loss from taking a longer route.
Fiona: "Should we draw their attention with a distraction and try to get over the barricade?"
Senri: "If we did that, you'd be the bait. It'd take time to meet up again, and there's a lot of risk involved if you fail."
Fiona: "Maybe I could make enough of a scene that the officer directing traffic runs off too? It's okay with me as long as no one gets hurt."
Senri: "That's too complex. And we shouldn't use force to get through, anyway. That's not smart."
Noah: "Senri, Fiona. It's Noah's turn on stage."
I dubiously lent Noah an ear after she announced she had a brilliant idea.
Noah: "You're sure working hard in this cold. But Noah's actually in big trouble, so help me, help me!"
Traffic Guard: "What is it? Is something the matter?"
Noah: "No, not in particular."
Traffic Guard: "If you don't need anything in particular, then you'll have to excuse me. I have my post to think about."
Noah: "Absitively! Noah wants you, Mister. Wants your spring, Mister."
Traffic Guard: "...Huh?"
Noah: "Your smelly uniform, with the sweat from all your years of service that doesn't come out in the wash anymore and your body odor fresh off your back."
Noah: "Noah'll buy it for a high price. I want your smelly uniform."
Traffic Guard: "A-And... what do you want this old man's uniform for?"
Noah: "That's a secret. But if you come with me, I could absitively tell you. This way, this way."
Noah: "Yeah, here. Watch Noah here. No turning around, okay?"
Traffic Guard: "You've got a smell fetish, huh? A cute girl like you. Sh-Show me what you'll do with it."
Senri: "{I'm} going to wear it."
Traffic Guard: "Ack?!"
Fiona: "You okay, Noah? He didn't do anything perverted to you like steal your lips or grope your butt?"
Noah: "Not really."
Senri: "She suggested it herself, right?"
She was reacting like a parent beside herself with worry about her daughter going on her first errand.
Noah: "Poor old man."
Senri: "There's always a catch. Hopefully he'll learn from this."
I shoved enough cash to rent his uniform and to apologize into the officer's hand and relieved him of his clothes.
Fiona: "Is one uniform enough?"
Senri: "Should be fine. We'll just pretend I'm directing you two somewhere."
Senri: "If somebody says something to us, I'll get us out of it. You two just play dumb."
Fiona: "And if they stop us because we're suspicious, and we can't get out of it?"
Senri: "Then we'll deal with that then. Let's race into the city."
When we got through the industrial area into the entertainment district, we could feel the heavy atmosphere surrounding us.
Noah: "Done with your makeover, Senri?"
Senri: "We'll stand out {more} like that here."
Noah: "Senriii."
When I put on the coat Fiona'd been holding for me, Noah jumped into my arms.
Senri: "—! ........."
Noah: "Mmm... Senri's smell... I like this best. Right at home♪"
Fiona: "You just had to hold yourself back from reflexively countering her tackle, didn't you?"
She's observant. I'd been about to counter her tackle with an elbow to her back.
Senri: "Noah, when you're going to touch me for something, let me know in advance. I might accidentally counterattack you."
Noah: "Absitively. Senri, can I hug you?"
Senri: "If we make it through today alive, I'll buy you a pillow you can hug instead or something."
Noah: "A life-sized pillow with Senri's naked body on it. Mmm, makes me feel funny."
Fiona: "Senri, look at that car. It's rammed up on the sidewalk like that. Whoever was driving it had to be in a hurry."
Senri: "They must not be able to suppress the riots. I noticed police officers all over the place getting people to evacuate."
Fortunately, I couldn't see any destruction nearby, other than the car.
But I could hear the sounds of it from a neighboring area, which is how I surmised that the riots were still ongoing.
Noah: "Senri, what's anti-magic?"
Senri: "They're a group that are against the existence of magic. Many are moderates, but there are quite a few radicals among them as well."
Fiona: "Basically it's a gathering of violent people whose frustrations toward magic have all exploded at once."
Senri: "Those with latent anti-magic sentiments likely joined in because of the fervor, which is making it difficult to contain."
Senri: "Even if no one's in charge of them, with the Ministry shut down now, all they needed was something to set off the kindling that was already on the fire."
Noah: "...So since there's magic, there's conflict? But why?"
Fiona: "Because they're serious. They're all serious about seeking peace."
Fiona: "Everyone's different. They're all after their own ideals, which means in the end, they fight. It's only a small amount of them that are mad enough to enjoy fighting itself."
Fiona: "If you'd call that greed or pride, then you'd be right. But there are some things that only you yourself can know."
Noah: "When they have eyes and ears and mouths, why do they try to solve things with hands and feet?"
Fiona: "...Then Noah, can you think of a way to end fighting without violence?"
Noah: "Get everybody together in one place. Treat them to giant shaved ice courtesy of Fiona. Case closed."
Fiona: "Yes, that would be the proper way to use magic."
Senri: "...Alright, that's enough chatting. Let's get going."
The first sight we were greeted with upon arriving at the station told me that we'd come at exactly the wrong time.
The majority of the civilians had been evacuated, and the city center had been reduced to a target for the radicals' indiscriminate destruction.
Most of the BURST troops that had been working to suppress the riots had gathered here, resulting in a dense crowd.
Fiona: "I doubt pretending to be harmless civilians would do much for us here."
Senri: "Yeah, the worst part about guerrilla warfare is you can't tell the partisans from the civilians. If they hadn't evacuated the citizens, this would end up being a huge mess."
Fiona: "BURST will be on the lookout for antis in disguise who are preparing to launch a surprise attack. We're in danger of being targeted ourselves."
In fact, there appeared to be injured civilians, who'd failed to escape, wailing as BURST evacuated them. Now, when their suppression efforts were at their most delicate, was the most dangerous time.
Noah: "We're not antis but they'll think we are. What to do."
Can the three of us—including Noah—make it through all this?
Senri: "......"
At a glance the two of them don't look winded, but we ran all the way here, so they might have been fatigued in ways I couldn't see.
Senri: "Tell me straight. Do you two have any more running in you?"
Fiona: "Who do you think I am? Don't worry, I can go another kilometer without stopping."
Noah: "Bring it on. Noah's a-okay. No problemo."
She threw out her voluminous chest along with her words, but that ample fat wasn't much for her argument. She would probably be good in a sprint, but that build just didn't look suited to long-distance running.
Senri: "Watch out for wreckage and glass shards. Even if it doesn't go through your shoes, if you trip on anything, that could mean a fatal loss of time."
There's too much danger in plowing straight past the station, but we'll have to cut across some of it anyway to even get onto the back roads.
Senri: "We'll take the safest route. Follow me."
We jogged across the street. All sorts of hostile eyes focused on us, but we ignored them and kept moving. They seemed unconcerned with us when they realized we weren't doing them any harm.
Fiona: "—?!"
The sound of something crashing pierced my ears. The antis' pre-magic Molotov cocktails rained down around us, scattering glass everywhere.
Fiona: "What the hell—"
I hadn't had time to tell her to avoid them, but Fiona had reflexively dodged them anway.
My worries shifted to Noah, but surprisingly, she bounced off the curb and flew into the air.
Noah: "Ta-dah!"
She jumped gracefully like she'd grown wings, grabbed the branch of a roadside tree, and swung through the danger via inertia.
Fiona: "Impressive. Are you an athlete now?"
Senri: "Close, but no cigar. It's parkour."
Senri: "Noah's used her brains, body, and spirit to get through tight spots with whatever's around her. Probably unconsciously..."
Noah: "Senri, Senri, Noah doesn't mind going even faster. Hurry up!"
Far from falling behind, she was even pushing me along, all while wearing her spring breeze smile in spite of the situation.
Senri: "Alright, keep up with me just like that."
I kicked off a wall and used the railing as a vault to get up the stairs.
Fiona: "That's a bit much for a beginner, don't you think?"
Fiona's warning was too late. Noah followed me, making the exact same movements. She almost didn't clear the stairs, but I grabbed her hand and pulled her the rest of the way.
Noah: "The perfect view. So refreshing and extreme!"
Senri: "You're moving really well. You seem light on your feet."
She landed as though the concrete was an exercise mat. Noah ran like flowing water. The destruction from the riots had no meaning to her.
Fiona: "You two are so fast. Wait for me!"
Fiona took off, undaunted. The shortest route into the back alleys was blocked by a car someone had abandoned.
She dented the hood with a powerful jump, then slid nimbly down from the roof on a conjured ice slope.
She went over our heads and made her landing, scoring nonexistent special points for the overblown action.
Fiona: "Easy, right?"
Senri: "Everybody's okay? We'll head through the alleys now. We won't be able to rest for a while."
Noah: "Absitively. Let's keep it up."
Right when I was about to take off running again, Fiona wrinkled her nose, a puzzled look on her face.
Fiona: "—This smells like..."
A sound instantly recognizable as an explosion rang out. I braced myself, but it wasn't powerful enough to make it into the alleyway.
They must have exploded some vaporized gasoline in a building.
Their methods were definitely old-fashioned, suiting their anti-magic stance.
Senri: "It's dangerous here. Let's hurry, Fiona."
Debris crashed to the ground and shouts turned to screams. It was impossible to say exactly what was happening out there from here, but I'd guess there had been some injuries.
Fiona stopped, looking concerned, and refused to budge.
Fiona: "......Phew."
Fiona: "Sorry, but go on ahead. I've got some business with those riots now."
Senri: "You're going to stop them?"
Fiona: "Maybe I shouldn't interfere with them if they started this knowing what they were getting into."
Fiona: "But my legs just aren't moving. The tragedy that's about to occur right before my eyes just isn't letting me go."
Fiona: "I'd like to provide you with whatever support I can, but my goal isn't anything as ambitious as changing the world."
Senri: "So closing your eyes to a tragedy that's about to occur somewhere within your reach goes against your convictions."
"All I have to do is protect whoever's in front of me"—those words didn't extend to just Noah and me.
Fiona was following her own doctrines without even giving up the name Inui had given her as his pawn in creating tragedy.
Noah: "Fiona, you staying here? Done with protecting Noah and Senri?"
Fiona: "Oh... you'll be fine. You've got Senri, don't you, Noah?"
Putting on her devoted and cheerful sister facade, Fiona turned around.
Fiona: "I'll leave her to you, Senri-san. May God's blessings be upon you."
I determined that it would be pointless to try to stop her, and saw her off with a small nod.
Noah: "Senri, let's get back to our race. Noah's got plenty of energy to spare."
Senri: "Good answer."
Noah: "Ngh, hahh—phew..."
Noah: "Oh? Oh oh oh? Senri's disappeared like a ship lost at sea."
Senri: "...Ngh...... I'm right... here..."
Noah: "Noah wins. She wins, but she doesn't get anything for it. An absitively pointless victory."
When I emerged from the darkness I'd been running through, Noah was waiting for me. I didn't let myself feel the fatigue from running all this way and peeked out into the street from the alleyway.
Senri: "......Ngh..."
I put my hand on the wall, feeling the wind blowing through the buildings with my whole body as I caught my breath. I wiped my brow with my arm, the sticky sweat clinging to me.
Noah tilted her head and walked toward me, but her eyes were fixated elsewhere, as if she'd found another thing to hold her interest.
Noah: "Senri, Senri, look."
I followed the line indicated by her finger and found a thin figure, likely a woman, surrounded by men who appeared to be rioters.
If she tried to run, they'd probably grab her clothes and drag her to the ground. While the atmosphere was strained, as if violence was just about to break out, I had no obligation to rescue her.
???/Shioriko: "You know that if you assault a neutral journalist like myself, your claims will no longer have any legitimacy, right?"
I recognized the voice spewing those short-sighted (though sound) points.
Senri: "Stick close, Noah."
Noah: "Roger. Rub-a-dub-dub."
She must have taken the words literally, for Noah clung tight to my back, pressing her face right up against me. There was no time to spare, so I ignored her and jumped into the conflict.
Mob: "Ngyah?!"
I kicked one of the rioters in the knee with no warning and he toppled forward with a scream. I grabbed his elbow and pushed him into the next one, knocking him unconscious.
The one he hit dropped his weapon, a machine gun Magi that he must have nabbed from BURST. I picked it up and pointed it at the last one of them.
Senri: "This woman's got nothing to do with your conflict. Stay away from her."
Noah: "Yeah, stay away from her!"
I jerked my chin, signaling for them to get lost, and they took off.
Shioriko: "...Funny meeting you here."
Senri: "You said you were looking into Mutsumi Haruto. Was that a lie?"
Shioriko: "The situation just didn't allow for it. It didn't occur to you that I could have just gotten caught up in this?"
Senri: "Only because you ignored the evacuation orders and went sniffing around in the middle of these riots. What do you think could have happened if I didn't pass by?"
Shioriko: "I got something for my trouble, you know."
She probably wasn't worried one bit about the danger she was in. Kamidate continued speaking unaffectedly, without a shred of remorse.
Shioriko: "I saw one of the leaders of the riots having a quiet meeting with the Hood."
Senri: "The Hood..."
Shioriko: "I lost sight of them when I was grabbed by those rioters, but I plan on going after them."
I knew Ruu was involved in this. Who knows what she's after with these riots, but maybe she's just rushing things since they've lost the Ministry.
Either way, it didn't change what I had to prioritize.
Senri: "Don't follow her. She won't hesitate at all to erase you."
Shioriko: "It won't be an issue if you accompany me, will it, Senri-san?"
Senri: "I... ...!"
Noah: "Mm? Senri, you okay?"
Noah turned to look at my face and I stepped forward to hide her behind me.
Senri: "I'm working on something else. Just stay out of the city, Kamidate."
Shioriko: "You want me to give up? Are you insane? I don't care if I die. I'll go after them on my own if I have to."
Senri: "Yes, well, {I} don't really want you dying just yet—"
Senri: "Get down!!"
Some rioters were aiming at us from behind cover, so I fired some warning shots at them. I kept them busy with as many bullets as I had and bought us time to retreat.
Senri: "Get out of here, Kamidate!"
She looked at me like she had something she wanted to say, but ended up running off, as even she could see the urgency of the situation.
Senri: "Noah, when I give the signal, we run......... Go!"
I used the sound of my rapid gunfire to distract them as we ducked back into the alley. I was worried about Kamidate, but as she had to go through as much danger as we did to get here, she's probably got enough luck and good sense to survive.
BURST Member A: "They went that way! They've got our gear, look out!"
Senri: "We just had to be found by the worst possible people..."
The Magi I'd grabbed to save Kamidate had backfired on us. They thought we were the rioters who'd attacked them, and nothing I could say would convince them otherwise.
If we kept going through the alley we'd run into, we'd be going backwards, but we had to prioritize escaping BURST for now.
—We made two, then three turns, but the footsteps kept following us.
Senri: "...Hahh...... hahh......"
Noah: "Senri, they're going to catch us. Keep up your cadence."
Noah easily passed me by and hit me with the cruelty of encouragement.
Senri: "Haahh...... haahh......... shit..."
My labored breathing only made that more clear to me, heightening my irritation.
Senri: "......!"
I sensed something at the corner ahead and brought the gun up to face it.
???/Yuuji: "—?!"
I thought I'd raised my gun first, but—the first thing I saw was the barrel of his.
Our equipment, our reaction times, the way we held our weapons, it was all identical.
Yuuji: "......Amabuki...? Amabuki, you're alive?"
Senri: "It's not healthy to smoke cigarettes down to the filter, Commander."
Yuuji: "You remember what happened a year ago? You ran off the second our eyes met."
Yuuji: "I was telling myself it was just some stranger that looked like you... So you {are} alive."
After a wistful sigh, Commander Yuuji regained his battlefield expression as soon as he heard the footsteps closing in.
Yuuji: "We'll hide while they go by. Come on."
.........
Yuuji: "Alright, we're good, you two."
Noah: "...Sniff sniff, sniff sniff... the spring smell is gone..."
Yuuji: "Don't complain. You guys only lost 'em because of me, right?"
Yuuji: "And the smell of garbage isn't all bad. It's domestic, you know?"
Noah: "Terrible. Give Noah's spring back... Noah's spring..."
Yuuji: "You're talking to the wrong guy. Look how old I am, and spring never even came to me."
Even if it was empty, it was just like the commander, with all his experience, to pick a dumpster as his first choice of hiding spot.
Yuuji: "Hey, Amabuki."
He took out a cigarette and offered it to me.
Yuuji: "You're old enough to smoke one now, right? It's been four... five years now, so... you're a proper adult, huh? You've grown, too."
Senri: "I just did what training I needed to do."
I waved my hand in declination and Commander Yuuji put the cigarette back in the box, looking nonplussed.
Yuuji: "The CTRP was absorbed by BURST."
Yuuji: "And I wasn't even fit for that position, so I don't deserve to be called Commander."
A special task force unit, put together to counter the increase in terrorism after mistrust of magic rose due to the Fall of Icarus...
There was much I learned from Yuuji, who was my commander. It feels like it was an incredibly long time ago that I learned the basics of military hand-to-hand combat from him.
Senri: "Yuuji... If you're not part of BURST anymore, what's that you're holding?"
I eyed the piece of BURST equipment in his hand and voiced my confusion to him.
Yuuji: "It's a bit of a dangerous toy in the hands of an amateur, so I liberated it from one of the rioters. What about yours?"
Senri: "Same here. I picked it up for self-defense."
Yuuji: "Don't be so on edge. Since I violated my orders, I'm nothing but a humble cop now. An organization that takes its own rules lightly doesn't deserve to exist."
Senri: "I thought you were a smarter guy than that, Yuuji. Guess you've changed."
Yuuji: "Cigarette brands are about the only thing that doesn't."
Yuuji: "And, wait a sec. I am still your elder, you know. At least call me Yuuji-san!"
The commander grimaced and flicked away his now-shortened cigarette.
Noah: "—Catch! Yowch, yowch!"
Yuuji: "Hey, what are you doing?! Don't catch it with your bare hands, you dumbass!"
Noah: "Littering is absitively not cool. Keep it green, keep it clean."
Yuuji: "No, no. Look, I was flicking it into this portable ashtr—"
Noah: "No excuses, mister. Every litter bit hurts."
Yuuji: "Wh-! Don't put it in my pocket! These are my only nice pants, you know!"
Senri: "That's bad manners, Yuuji."
Noah: "Yuuji's absitively hopeless. He's nonsensical."
Yuuji: "I'm telling you to call me Yuuji-san..."
The commander put his portable ashtray away, looking mildly annoyed as he did so.
Yuuji: "So? Why are you two involved in this mess?"
Senri: "That's a misguided question. We just have business with the people behind these riots."
Yuuji: "Behind them...? Amabuki, this isn't why you disappeared back on that CTRP mission, is it...?"
Senri: "It's exactly as you imagine."
Yuuji: "...Phew. Christ, everybody's too curious..."
Senri: "This isn't something a mere cop should be getting involved in. Guess you should just evacuate and leave it to BURST."
Yuuji: "......Phew... Well, there isn't much I know. I probably don't have any useful info for you, Amabuki."
Noah: "Is this old dude absitively useless too?"
Yuuji: "Old dude... Nah, I guess I am old at this point. I've got a son."
Senri: "You got married?"
Yuuji: "Ah, no... It's kind of complicated, but... No, he's my son. That's the truth."
Yuuji: "Incidentally, that's uh, the type you go for? You don't really look like you'd have much in common."
Noah: "Not true. He doesn't litter neither. Right?"
Noah wrapped her arms around me. I could have easily shaken them off, but since it's what she wanted to do, I let her be.
Yuuji: "Leave it at that when you two are in public."
Senri: "Shut up."
Yuuji: "Hey... if you two ever have a kid, play catch with 'em."
Noah: "Catch?"
As I looked at him patting the dust from his clothes, I pictured him throwing a baseball around with his kid—and then I realized.
Senri: "Yuuji. Remind me, your last name's..."
Yuuji: "It's Mutsumi. Do you want me to smack you, man? I keep telling you to call me Yuuji-san."
Mutsumi—considering what he achieved in his days in the CTRP, it wouldn't be odd for the government to pick him for a monitoring job.
Yuuji: "Even stuff you can't normally put into words becomes easier to communicate if you let the ball do the talking."
Yuuji: "You probably don't get exactly how well it works. Become a parent, Amabuki. And make her happy."
Noah: "Amabuki, make Noah happy."
Senri: "Blood has nothing to do with family ties. What you feel for your son is real."
Yuuji: "Hey now, what do you know, rookie? Can it already, you punk."
Senri: "Stay safe for your son's sake too, Yuuji."
Yuuji: "...Sheesh. Gimme your terminal. I'm not gonna look at any of your personal stuff, I just wanna bring up a map."
Senri: "What for?"
I opened up a simple map of Agartha and handed him the terminal, whereupon Commander Yuuji quickly started marking it.
Yuuji: "The areas where the riots are getting serious are in red and everywhere I've deemed safe is in blue. It's up to you whether you want to trust me."
Senri: "...I'll take it into account."
Yuuji: "Don't die, Amabuki. And you, don't give up on him either."
Noah: "Roger. Spring'll come to you too, Yuuji. Don't give up."
The words were completely unwarranted, but perhaps sensing that there wasn't any ill will in them, Commander Yuuji merely left with but a twitch in his expression.
The rectangle of sky above us was growing darker.
There was still a long way to go to the Ministry building where Etoh was waiting. Even if we had to go through some dangerous areas, it was probably better to hurry.
Senri: "......Khahh... haahh......"
Noah: "........."
Noah: "I'm... absitively beat. Noah can't move another step."
Senri: "...Khahh...... hahh... Oh yeah...?"
Noah: "Let's rest, Senri. Noah's wiped out. Her legs are lead."
Senri: "...Guess... we'll have to, then. Just five minutes..."
I fell to my knees like I was collapsing in the desert and lay down on the shoulder of the road.
My heart wouldn't stop pounding.
I was too tired to even press a hand to my chest, so I stared up at the sky without really looking at it.
It darkened as if in a sneer, for even if it was before me, I didn't have the power to stop time or to teleport.
—Cold.
Noah: "The strongest beverage - definitely. Drinkable IVs for sale, right over there. Here, Senri."
I tried to take the can of Re:D Elephant she was pressing to my cheek, but I couldn't even move my arm enough to do that.
Senri: "...Noah."
Noah: "What? Haah, haah... Noah's tired. Still can't move. Haah, haah."
Senri: "...We only get five minutes... I'll only... {allow myself}... five minutes."
Noah stopped her affected panting all at once and looked at me.
I know she only stopped out of consideration when she noticed the state I was in.
Her saying she was tired was a terrible lie that didn't even amount to acting.
Senri: "After five minutes, let's go."
Noah: "Let's not."
After hearing her stubborn refusal, I finally managed to lift my neck, so heavy it didn't even feel as though it was mine.
Senri: "...Not going to listen to what I say?"
Noah: "I don't wanna go. Noah doesn't wanna walk anymore."
Senri: "Come on, you're not even out of breath."
The very picture of health, Noah nevertheless continued to tell her lies.
Seeing her persist in those lies, not for her sake but for someone else's, made me give up on searching for a retort.
Noah knelt down in front of me as I went back to catching my breath and brought her arms together around me. She pulled me up so that I was leaning against her.
Even if I wanted her to let go of me, I didn't have the strength to push her away. The scent of spring tickled my nostrils as she gently rubbed my back.
Noah: "Don't worry, don't worry..."
Even with my sweat sticking to her, Noah embraced me, accepting it all without making a face.
Noah: "Don't worry, don't worry... don't worry."
Her warm voice reverberated pleasantly, as though she was singing a lullaby, and my breaths naturally slowed.
My body, which had been in motion since we'd left the harbor, relaxed like it had found its sanctuary.
As if it had always desired this.
I felt like the selfish emotions of the weak were about to sprout within me.
Senri: "I'm not a baby. You don't need to hold me like this..."
Noah: "Rest some more. You're not yourself, Senri. You're like you were when you first took me away."
Senri: "Where are the Fragments you had?"
Noah: "They're... here."
Noah: "Huh?"
Noah: "Huh? Huh? The bottle's... empty. It wasn't Noah! It wasn't Noah!"
The Fragments alone had disappeared from the airtight bottle.
Noah was shaking her head as hard as she could, thinking I would blame her.
Senri: "It's fine. They've served their purpose."
I tapped the water-filled bottle. It was a sign of my thanks for helping Noah when I couldn't.
The last time I checked I had noticed that they were shrinking. I think they actually lasted pretty long.
Noah: "Everyone who came to Noah had these..."
There's no doubt that they're needed for Noah to function.
That's probably why the founder's aide at Next had made the cultists collect them.
Noah: "Does Noah need these...? Has Senri been running this hard just to get more of these for Noah?"
Noah: "...Senri's always saved Noah. Noah was healthy 'cause she was with Senri."
Looks like Noah's found her own answer after realizing that the Elements had been used up.
Noah: "It was the same when Noah woke up in the park after Senri carried her. Noah was so healthy it was like she'd been exchanged for a new model."
When I rescued Noah from Next it was like she was barely maintaining her grip on life.
But when I was assaulted by that unknown fatigue on my way back and woke up later, Noah had recovered enough to walk around on her own two legs.
And on the other hand, when we were apart for a mere few hours, Noah had collapsed.
Noah: "Is Senri... not healthy... when he's with Noah?"
Senri: "........."
Senri: "Yeah... You're sapping my strength."
I didn't hide from Noah the fact that she was unconsciously absorbing Elements.
As a Dynamo, I refine what become Elements inside my own body.
Ever since Noah was injured by Haruto, she's been losing Elements as soon as she absorbs them.
She's now absorbing them as quickly as she was when she left Next, and this is what's happened because of it.
Noah: "If Noah's nearby... Senri won't stop hurting?"
Senri: "You're right."
I failed my landing on that ice slide escape and have been displaying my restlessness and frustration on the outside all because I'm serving as Noah's nourishment.
Senri: "Anyone would collapse after running around town when they're not feeling themselves."
It's like climbing a rough mountain trail with a high fever. I knew this would happen from the beginning.
Noah: "If Noah's with Senri... she'll keep stealing from Senri?"
Noah: "Because... Noah's... a monster..."
She muttered, remembering the word, and trembled.
Noah: ".........No. Noah's... Noah's..."
Noah: "Since Noah decided to go on as Noah, she can be any color. Yeah, Senri taught her that."
Her mutterings gradually grew firmer and the first dilemma I'd ever seen her go through ended in no time at all.
Noah: "Senri... held Noah's hand. That was to make Noah feel better too."
Senri: "I thought you didn't remember what happened after you passed out."
Noah: "Her hand was still warm. Senri's warmth never goes away."
Noah: "Thank you, Senri. For now, and from now on."
Senri: "......"
For a moment, I couldn't tell what I was feeling.
Anyone who can be considerate of others takes it hard when they burden those people. That's the normal way of thinking.
Somewhere in my heart I thought she'd be the weak kind of person who'd blame herself and try to shoulder it on her own.
Noah: "What you say is right. Noah's just thanking you because she's happy to be by your side."
Noah: "Keep working hard, Senri. I know you can do it."
Senri: "Kh... haha."
I couldn't help but laugh.
My mood turned all the way around, like heavy clouds clearing out of the sky.
Just like I move for my purposes, Noah moves for hers—we have no need for cheap apologies or surface-level concern.
If she's chosen not to keep it all inside with pretty words but to rely on me with a full understanding of the situation—
Senri: "I'm greedy when it comes to my goals. I don't need to tell you that, Noah."
I pushed my hands on my legs and stood myself up.
I'm sure she's continuing to absorb Elements from me, but I feel better for resting.
Noah: "It's been five minutes."
Senri: "Don't worry. We'll go even if I have to drag myself there."
If we don't keep moving, there'll be nothing to show for it. We don't have the time to rest any longer.
====================H009.TXT====================
Etoh: "...I can't believe you made me wait this long."
Noah: "It's Villager 1. Absitively!"
Etoh: "Keep quiet. You wanna get arrested for trespassing?"
Senri: "You were the one who called us here."
Most of the staff had evacuated. Etoh had most likely also entered without authorization.
Etoh: "Why don't you tell me why you were late?"
Senri: "It took time to solve your double code. I only realized the harbor was a fake answer because of her."
Noah: "I am accepting praise as well as head pats."
I ruffled her hair until it was a complete mess, then continued:
Senri: "As for the rest, I'm sure you know all about that, since you've been gazing down on the city from up here."
Etoh: "True, observing from above is sort of my specialty. Glad I happen to know a route out of the city, too."
He's got some seriously bad taste if he was enjoying the sight of those rioters toying with us from up here.
Noah: "Noah's only here to get the goods. Nothin' else's leaving an impression."
Etoh: "You're impatient. It's right over there, isn't it?"
I'd noticed it before, but the aluminum case beside Etoh probably contained the Fragments he'd promised us.
From its size, assuming the case is packed with them I'd say we should be able to keep Noah in good health for quite a while.
Senri: "I hope you don't mind if I check."
Etoh: "Wait."
Senri: "Isn't it a bit late for that? You were the one who told us you'd hand them over if we showed up."
Of course, it doesn't sit well with me to just receive them for free. I intended to comply with his requests as best as I could, but in the event that negotiations broke down—I'd have to subdue him by force and take them anyway.
Etoh: "I don't see the woman."
Noah: "Noah, Noah."
Etoh: "With the huge tits."
Noah: "Noah's are big too! Check 'em!"
Senri: "Fiona's busy with other business. What, you won't give them to anyone but her?"
Etoh: "......No. If she's not here, that's fine. Guess that's fate too."
Etoh leaned against the iron fence and looked haughtily up at the sky.
Etoh: "If you're wondering about your price, I took it in advance. I was the one who took that chunk out of your leg."
Senri: "...Speak plainly."
Etoh: "You don't get it? My position in the organization—I'm a sniper."
Senri: "Sniper...?"
A sudden confession. I ignored Noah, who was tilting her head in confusion, and put myself on high alert.
I flashed back to the rifle rack I'd seen at the "waste warehouse" Etoh used to run. His reflexes when I'd messed with his register weren't those of an amateur.
Ever since I'd been shot at the pier, I'd thought it must have been a man of some skill, but if this was him...
Etoh: "Settle down. I said I'd tell you everything, right? Just sit tight and listen. That's all I want in exchange."
Noah: "Please be quiet during the film..."
I shut up and nodded, after Noah's example.
There's no situation more dangerous for a sniper than having an enemy nearby. The fact that he's let us this close to him is proof that he doesn't intend to fight.
Etoh: "It's a good view, right? You can see the whole city from here."
Noah: "Absitively beautiful."
Etoh: "I'm up in high places a lot 'cause of my work, see. Until I have to look through the scope I'll enjoy the view while eating portable food... I've always liked moments like that."
Etoh: "I don't mean to brag, but... I was pretty well-known in certain circles."
Etoh: "But I couldn't use magic at all, and there's no work for the kind of sniping people did in the old world now. Pretty soon, I was completely forgotten."
Etoh: "I had no choice but to sell Magi junk to survive, but I could never be happy selling the things that took away my true calling from me."
Senri: "Wasn't it a dream come true for you to be recruited by the organization for a sniping position, though?"
Etoh: "Yeah, I thought things'd be all rosy again. It's not that I like killing. There's just a feeling that comes from shouldering dirty work... one that I'm sure you wouldn't understand."
Etoh looked out over the city again and went silent for a short time.
I wondered if he'd been using his scope to follow us all the way from the harbor to the former Ministry building.
As he probably had during that final battle with Inui...
Etoh: "...Looking down like this, it doesn't even seem like anything's changed since the advent of magic to me."
Etoh: "What's it feel like to you OutCasts?"
Etoh: "You had to run all over town to get here, right? What did you feel?"
The anticipation in his voice made it clear that he was looking for some kind of hint from my words.
Senri: "Nothing."
So I answered him truthfully.
Senri: "Food rots. Machines rust. Water stagnates. Everything changes."
Senri: "Even if the changes are faster because of magic, we all have to decide our own walking pace."
Senri: "As long as you don't lose sight of whatever landmark serves as your compass, you won't have time to be distracted by what's happening around you."
Etoh: "...You really piss me off. You're a generation younger than me, but you have something I don't. It's really awful."
Upon returning to his assassination business, Etoh had found he had an emotional longing he couldn't fulfill.
Etoh: "I saw you guys going up against an organization so huge even the Minister of Magic was just a part of it, and it moved something deep inside me."
Etoh put his fingers to his chest as if to grip his heart. I felt an impulse I couldn't put into words.
Etoh: "I wanted to know what it was. I knew how foolish it was to show myself to my target, but I couldn't suppress my curiosity."
That impulse of his seemed complex, and I didn't understand it just by hearing about why he'd shown himself to us.
The one thing I could say was that handing us this case full of Fragments represented a huge betrayal of his organization.
There weren't too many things I could say to a man who'd abandoned his work due to some impulse alone.
Senri: "Etoh... I imagine you're—"
Noah: "You're the same as Fiona, Mr. Goggles."
Noah jumped in, looking at Etoh with her eyes completely unclouded by doubt.
Noah: "You can help someone with no reason to do so. You waited all this time for Noah and Senri when they were in trouble."
Noah: "So thanks, Mr. Goggles."
Even after hearing that he'd shot me, Noah thanked him, absolving him of all his past sins.
Senri: "You found yourself at a crossroads, and weren't prepared to live a completely opposite kind of life."
Senri: "The feeling of killing doesn't matter to you now. You've accepted that there's no longer anything joyful about it."
Senri: "I'm thankful to you for waiting for us. Not as a sniper, but as an ally."
Etoh: "........."
A man who was only valued for killing,
who was only thanked for killing,
who only found joy in the world through killing.
The reason I went so far as to bow my head to him after he'd shot me was because I understood how serious it was for someone in the assassination business to betray their employer.
Handing those Fragments over to us with no conditions was itself worthy of praise.
Etoh: "That woman managed to start a new life because you two were with her, huh?"
Etoh sighed and scratched his head, and it looked like he'd relieved himself of some misgivings.
Etoh: "I heard they were father and daughter. Seems like it was a pretty terrible relationship, but whether they were related by blood or not, they were still family."
Etoh: "When we were finished with Minister Inui and I went to shoot him, that woman got in the way of my scope."
Etoh: "A daughter jumping in front of her father, and a father pushing aside his daughter to save her. That's what it looked like to me."
Etoh: "Though I guess I don't know for sure... heheh, heheheheheh..."
Etoh laughed self-deprecatingly, then frowned again.
Etoh: "After you ran into the Ministry building, I had her in my sights."
Etoh: "But you know... I couldn't pull the trigger. My brain was telling my finger to move, but it didn't budge."
Senri: "That trigger's as heavy as a human life."
Senri: "The moment you started feeling that way, you were done with this business."
Etoh: "...That's what I was starting to realize, but once you put it into words, I guess I have to admit it."
Etoh picked up the case and stepped away from the fence.
On his way to the entrance back into the building, he dropped it at our feet.
Etoh: "Well, see ya. We probably won't meet again."
Senri: "If Fiona had come and heard what you had to say..."
Senri: "She would have forgiven you. She's big enough for that."
If he was planning to tell all this to Fiona so he could atone by letting her kill him, he was a little off in his assumptions.
Etoh: "I was right to listen to my gut and meet with you."
Etoh: "I don't know what you're after, but keep at it, alright?"
Noah: "There he goes."
Senri: "We don't need to follow him. Our deal went through."
Noah: "Mr. Goggles had a sunny face."
Senri: "He must have found an answer he could live with."
As I watched Etoh leave, I couldn't sense any more hestitation from him.
Noah: "Ooh! Packed in! Senri, we're rich!"
Senri: "...Take out one and leave the rest in the case."
Noah: "Positutely!"
There was a non-zero chance it could have exploded or something, so I probably should have been the one to check, but there wasn't much I could do about that after she'd already opened it.
BURST was doing well. They must have been almost finished suppressing the riots. We could barely hear any commotion from the town up here.
Senri: "We're done here. Let's head down."
We had to find a new safe place to stay. It would be a good idea to meet with Fiona and talk about where we should go from here.
Noah: "Senri, Senri... did you hear that?"
Senri: "Hear what?"
Noah: "I think it's... a person's voice. Groaning?"
Senri: "........."
I didn't hear anything like that, but...
I was about to walk over to the entrance, but I stopped.
A mist thick enough that I could see it with my naked eye was leaking from the slightly-open door.
Noah: "Senri... this feels bad."
Senri: "What a coincidence. I feel the same."
Perceiving the rapidly increasing mist as a threat, I reflexively stepped in front of Noah to shield her.
It's not smoke from a fire on a lower floor. It's mist. Unnatural mist. There was no time to think of a realistic explanation as my view was obscured.
Senri: (Etoh went down first. Did he activate something down there for some reason? Was he actually our enemy after all—)
My instincts wouldn't allow me to enter the mist.
I retreated along the fence, away from it. I knew it was impossible, but I kept expecting something to leap from the mist, and I couldn't help but raise my guard.
Whoosh. With a sound like the air being cut, something flew into the center of the heliport and bounced around like a basketball.
Senri: "Don't look!"
Noah: "Huh? Huh? Senri?"
Perceiving what it was in an instant, I tossed the case aside and covered Noah's eyes.
My eyes met with those of the ball rolling about spewing vermilion.
Senri: (Etoh...)
I said my final farewell to him through those upside-down goggles. There was no fear on his face; he was expressionless in death, as I would expect of one in the assassination business.
Senri: "—They sniffed us out, huh?"
The cloudlike scenery turned red, making it look even more outlandish. I felt a chill, like we'd wandered into some kind of illusion.
Noah: "Ah, the case! Senri, if you leave the case, there's no point in having come here—"
Senri: "It's fine. Don't go for it. You've only got one life."
Some inexplicable sense of danger quickly stopped me from going after the case.
Where Etoh's head had been severed, the wound was messy, like his skin had been twisted and ripped. It didn't look like something a human would be capable of.
If we let our greed get the better of us and took the case with us, we'd be weighed down with it at the wrong moment. Fortunately, Noah was already holding one Fragment she'd taken from the case.
Senri: "Noah... copy what I do. Move back, slowly..."
By the time our backs were up against the fence, the mist had spread as far as where I had dropped the case.
Something writhed inside the mist and we heard the crushing and smashing noises of destruction. Scraps of the case flew out of the mist and scraped my cheek.
I strained my eyes, but the mist was thick and all I could see of the figure inside it was a vague silhouette.
All I knew was that there was "something frightening" in the mist, with the power to easily destroy an aluminum case.
Even if we wanted to run, the only way we could get away was by going through the door on the other side of the mist.
—Here it comes!
Senri: "Noah, whoever gets hit loses. Got it?"
Noah: "Roger! You get hit, you lose. But hit by what?"
Before I could answer her, the ground rumbled and a dark shadow lunged from the mist.
Monster: "GaAaAaAaAaAaAaAaAaAaAaAaAaAaHhH!!"
It charged forward without looking where it was going. It came at us almost fast enough to be teleporting, but its trajectory was easy to read and its first strike easy to avoid.
Senri: (The monster from the research lab—but it's not alone. Someone is spreading this mist too. They're probably behind this.)
Noah: "Senri, is that who we have to not get hit by? If that guy hits me, Noah'll go whoosh! Noah's head'll go whoosh!"
Senri: "Anybody's would. That's why you lose if you get hit."
The same kind of monster as back then. It was definitely a troublesome foe, but those who rely on strength and violence alone are most dangerous in enclosed spaces.
I knew that all the more from experience, as it had used the walls in the research lab freely to toy with Fiona.
In a wide-open space like this, we'd have ample time to avoid its attacks if we could see where it was coming from.
Senri: "There's no problem if we don't get hit, but they're more than likely aware of that too."
Noah: "Senri, what do we do? The mist's spreading. Run to the exit?"
The mist spread out to our left, rapidly obscuring our vision.
If we all lost our sight, the two of us would be at a disadvantage. Vision had no meaning to a monster blindly throwing punches and hoping for one of them to connect.
If we were hit, we could expect to die. Those fists that crushed concrete would rip through a human being like it was paper.
Senri: (Now's our only chance—)
It was now. If I didn't make the decision now and go through with it, we'd only end up unable to escape.
Monster: "OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoHhH!!"
We leapt forward without looking. The ground where we'd been a few seconds ago had a chunk scooped out of it, as though it was ice cream.
Senri: "Noah, this way."
Noah: "Which way's this way? There's nothing this way."
I took her arm and ran. I didn't have time to explain, but I figured she'd go along with me without too much trouble.
Senri: "We're {jumping}. We've only got one chance. We're gonna make this happen, okay?"
There was no fear on her face. In fact, she wore her sunny spring smile as she squeezed my hand back.
Noah: "I bet I could go anywhere with you, Senri. I bet we could do anything."
Senri: "Don't try to jump high in the air. Jump as if you're taking off into the sky—I'm sure you can do it, Noah."
We hopped up on the fence. There was a precipice before us. If we screwed this up, there was no guarantee we'd survive. 25 meters is said to be a fatal height to fall from, and from several times that height—we jumped.
Senri: "Come on, Noah!"
We only felt weightless for a second. Soon the clawing force of gravity brought us down. Wind slapped at our faces, distorting our eyes, noses, and mouths grotesquely.
With a speed and trajectory that could only be described as "falling"...
Senri: "?! ...!!"
...we jumped not to the ground, but over to the neighboring building's roof.
The ground came up to meet me in an instant. I pointed my feet toward it to try to lessen the impact, but it didn't go that smoothly.
I couldn't control my inertia and my body spun. Only after hitting my back against the ground with a feeling like all my internal organs were being jumbled around did I manage to stop.
Noah: "Ooph."
As I lay on my back, a white comet sped by above me. It was Noah.
She landed far ahead of me. Her jumping ability was frightening. Her form was perfect. As she turned to me like she'd just done nothing at all, I was struck by a powerful sensation that I'd never be able to do what she could.
Senri: "You really do learn astoundingly quickly."
When you're moving around at terrible heights like these, the fear of the possibility of failure can cause you to lose your nerve at the most critical moments. But I don't need to worry about Noah's mental fortitude, and she has the skills to back it up.
Senri: "We're gonna get away just like this, okay?"
I gave my lips a quick bite to fire myself up. Putting power into my legs, I stood. I was bruised all over, but I had no time to dwell on it.
I kicked the door open and we infiltrated the building. I felt us being followed, but I ignored the sensation and we ran down the emergency stairwell as fast as we could.
We flew down three steps at a time in three leaps, then five steps at a time in two, changing directions instantly the moment we hit a landing so that we didn't kill our inertia.
Noah: "W-Wahee!"
I felt our pursuer—no, this was nothing like that. The ground was shaking like a herd of horses was after us...
Senri: "Don't turn around. Don't stop. Run. Run!"
Water rushed at us from behind, spraying in every direction. It leapt at us as if we were prey it was trying to swallow, with ferocity like a flooding river.
Would we make it down first, or would we be swept away by the water's assault—
Senri: "—!"
Down we went as if we were being thrown. My body could hardly handle the exertion, perhaps because I'd been nourishing Noah until just earlier.
Noah: "Well, we're outta that pickle."
I wrung the water out of my clothes and scolded my brain for trying to compel me to rest.
Senri: "Unfortunately as soon as you're through one pickle, you're in the next. That's how the world works."
A meteorite—I could only describe what had fallen as such, since it had produced a huge crater upon landing.
Monster: "UuUuUuUuUuuuuuhh......"
It let out a horrid cry. The personification of violence loped toward us, the scent of a carrion-eater preceding it.
Senri: "What a persistent monster..."
Noah: "Monster...?"
Senri: "Stay back, Noah. I'll settle things with him here."
Any kind of feint won't work with this adversary.
I'd reproduced Fiona's ice magic to deal with him in our previous fight, but it seems the only magic that's been used here is water.
Monster: "UuUuUuOoOooooooohh......"
Senri: "......?"
His log-like arms gripped something gleaming dully in the moonlight.
A piece of metal with a sharp tip, like a spear. He must have ripped off a part of the fence when he rammed into it. It would be perfect as an improvised throwing weapon.
He'll probably throw it with just the power of his upper body, unlike a pitcher who throws with his whole. But with this thing's overwhelming strength, it would probably shoot at me like a bullet.
Senri: "Until now it's just relied on its strength. Hitting, kicking, and lunging... but now it's using tools, eh...? So it's learning."
Monster: "H... HhEeLlPp MmEe—"
Monster: "IiTt HhUuRrTtSs... IiTt HhUuRrTtSs..."
"It hurts"...? That's what it sounded like... Not the horrid cries of a monster, but human words...
If it understands human words, it must retain some memories of its time as a human. That would explain it having the knowledge necessary to utilize tools.
Senri: "........."
My heart rapidly cooled. There was only one thing to do, and I was driven to act quickly.
Monster: "IiTt HhUuUuUuUuRrTtSs!!"
I drew my trusty handgun in a flash and aimed at its elbow as it raised the segment of fence. I had to shoot before it made its throw.
A hit—blood spewed from its arm and its throw went wide.
I ignored the fence as it flew off and charged at the huge monster, leaping into its blind spot.
Senri: "Stay still now."
I used my Dunamis. I reconstructed the tsunami magic that had been used on the emergency stairs and severed one of its legs with a compressed shot of water.
Monster: "GgYyYyAAAAAaAaAaAaAaAaAaAaaaaaahh!!"
It swung its fists wildly at me, perhaps because of the intense pain.
I moved my upper body to avoid its swing and the monster lost its balance. It fell, its one remaining leg unable to support its weight. I looked down at it, far enough away that its arms wouldn't be able to reach me.
Noah: "Senri, wait."
Senri: "......"
Noah: "Is what he's doing fighting? To Noah, it looks like he's reaching out for help."
Noah: "Senri, save him. You can do anything, Senri."
She anticipated my next action with her completely baseless faith in me. Noah was bent forward as if eager to see the moment I'd "save" the monster with nothing up my sleeves but some miraculous power.
Senri: "Alright, I got it."
I pulled out my trusty gun and squeezed the trigger.
One shot, two shots, three. It wasn't enough. I kept squeezing. Psh, psh, psh, went the holes opening up in its body.
Noah: "......Huh?"
As I bathed the creature in bullets until its heart stopped pumping, Noah looked at me like she'd encountered a ghost.
Monster: "Gh......"
A clear fluid spilling from its eyes, the malformed monster ceased functioning.
Noah: "...Why?"
Noah approached the monster and reached out to touch its blood like she had with the priest.
Senri: "Cut it out. That thing won't ever move again."
Noah: "You made him like the priest. Senri, that's 'killing,' isn't it?"
Senri: "The situation required it."
Noah: "You can kill people who are looking to you for help that easily, Senri? Why is that?"
Noah had learned what "death" was from the priest, and it looked like she'd grown and experienced enough things to question my actions now.
I didn't want to deny the things Noah had learned. I'd simply finished off the monster as my judgment had dictated.
Senri: "I don't hesitate when I have to break things."
Noah: "Then... when Noah wasn't Noah, you'd break her."
Noah: "You wouldn't hesitate to."
She must be seeing in the monster the way she herself had been as an object at Next.
Senri: "You'll have to think about it on your own."
Noah: "........."
We couldn't be sure this monster was the only one.
In fact, if they'd created this one {on site} by fusing an OutCast with some Fragments, I'd expect there to be more. We should get away from here at once.
Noah: "Noah's... never felt like this before... She feels like... she might not understand Senri anymore."
Senri: "We can talk all you want about it later. Now we've got to run."
Noah: "...Absitively roger."
She was slow to respond, which was quite unlike her.
If we make it through the park, they shouldn't be able to follow us anymore. I doubt they want to make this big enough to get BURST involved.
Senri: "—?"
Noah: "Mist. Senri, it's in front of us."
Our enemy was exceedingly cunning.
Up on the roof, that had been nothing more than a greeting. They hadn't intended to finish us off, and had two or three more moves planned out in advance.
They'd predicted where we'd run and had sealed off the park beforehand with a thick fog. They'd made sure to have a thorough advantage.
But if you look at it another way, it means they can't be sure they'll win unless they trap us in this mist.
From their way of manipulating experiment subjects without showing themselves, they could be someone who excels at using other people.
Senri: "But they haven't got a great endgame."
Now that we don't have a clear destination, there's no point in purposely heading down a dangerous road. All we need to do is find another route.
Noah: "—Senri."
Senri: "Yeah."
I'd realized. I was even following it with my eyes as I responded. There was a faint figure moving about in the mist.
Senri: (There's no question... It's the Hood.)
That symbol of sinister anonymity was right before my eyes. It dissolved into the thick mist as if mocking me, saying, "catch me if you can." It was a very effective provocation for me.
But I have Noah beside me now. If I were alone, I'd go after the Hood regardless of the risk, but I couldn't get Noah involved.
Noah: "Hood, Hood. Why do you do this? What did Noah and Senri do to you?"
Senri: "That's not someone you can reason with. We've gotta get away from here as fast as we can."
Even speaking was akin to announcing our position. If we didn't keep moving, we'd be nothing but targets.
Noah: "It's not coming out. Don't worry about Noah. It'll be the same wherever we go."
The thick mist was all around us now. Like losing your sense of direction when jumping into the sea at night, it was impossible to tell where the entrance to the park was now.
The fog made it hard to tell if the ground would really be there if we took a step forward. This was dangerous. Not only do we have no idea where our attackers will come at us from, but if we panic and run it'll be simple for them to hit us from behind.
That being said, we can't just stay here either. The enemy won't sit and wait for us to come up with a plan. We'd have to make a decision as soon as we could.
Senri: "Noah."
Noah: "It's heavy. Senri, this is your...?"
I took my trusty gun from its holster and handed it to her. Her slender, pale fingers, unsuited to holding weapons, sunk under its weight.
Noah: "You told me this was dangerous so I couldn't touch it."
Senri: "Aim, and pull the trigger. If you pull it all the way, a bullet will shoot out. That's all you need to know."
Noah: "You shot this... to kill... earlier..."
Senri: "Run around the park. I'm going after the one behind all this. If I hear gunshots, I'll come straight for you. Don't let go of that, alright?"
Noah: "Huh? Senri? Ah, Senri—"
I ran off, leaving Noah behind. Her arm stretched out, trying to reach me, but even that sight disappeared into the mist in the next second.
It would be more dangerous than anything for us to stay in one place and make an easy target of ourselves.
We should give them more targets and try to get on either side of them together.
And if Noah was in danger, I could go to her following the Elements that would flow from her wounds.
Senri: (What will you do... Hood?)
I felt a chilly gaze, like someone had put me in a transparent box and was observing me from every direction.
They're here. I feel them nearby, but they're holding their breath and keeping still.
Senri: (Are they waiting for me to drop my guard...?)
It seems like an uninspired plan, but it is effective.
The attacker only has to concentrate on that one moment of attack, but the defender must wait in suspense to meet it, despite not knowing when it will come.
Senri: "I have a good idea where you are. If you don't move, you'll die."
I was bluffing. My aim was to unsettle them, let them know my location, and {make} them attack me.
Senri: "...No reaction, eh? Then—"
I used the water magic I could recreate with my Dunamis to strike haphazardly around me, threatening the hiding Hood.
I could tell Noah's precise location from the Elements she held, so I didn't need to worry about hitting her accidentally.
Senri: (...And yet they still make no move. What are they waiting for?)
I took each step cautiously, unable to see even a meter before me in the mist.
The road didn't drain very well. I couldn't help splashing a bit with each step I took, though the same would go for the Hood.
—By the time I realized the attack was coming, it was already unavoidable. I sacrificed my arm and used my own water to offset the attack, but the awkward angle still sent me flying.
I didn't fight the impact, instead concentrating on landing uninjured. All the attack had caused was a numb arm, contrary to my expectations.
Senri: (—They moved.)
From all the splashing, I could tell their general location. If the air were a little clearer, I could aim in the direction the attack had come from, but as things were, I'd be more accurate if I followed their footsteps.
I adjusted the strength of the torrents of water I was shooting with my Dunamis and aimed for the area the Hood was in.
Right at the last moment, I lost my concentration. The mist around my face had thickened and before I knew it, I felt like I was about to drown standing up.
I had no choice but to retreat. Escaping from the sensation of my head being thrust into a pail of water, I prioritized oxygen over attack.
Senri: "Shit! Quit being a coward and show yourself!!"
I made a show of losing my cool, but remained composed on the inside. Preparing myself, I launched some attacks like I'd lost my temper, then jumped onto a bench.
Senri: (It's a simple plan, but I took care in my preparations...)
I picked up a long branch I'd hit with my attacks earlier and put it through one of my shoes.
I hung the branch out like a fishing pole over the wet ground and splashed my shoe across it. I moved it right and left, creating the illusion that I was walking cautiously through the mist.
I strained my eyes, focusing everything I had on the moment an attack was launched in the direction of my shoe and countering that attack.
Suddenly something ripped through the stillness, snapping the branch as if it were my neck.
I sent a wave at them without giving them a chance to dodge and leapt into the mist.
I followed the attack I'd sent their way and found myself before an art fixture in the center of the park.
Senri: "Got you."
With no hesitation, I took the branch and speared the shoulder of the Hood lying on the dirt-covered pedestal, holding them in place.
There was no scream or sensation of piercing flesh. I must have just hit the cloth.
I approached the pinned Hood and could finally see the figure that had been hidden in the mist.
Senri: "Answer my questions. Depending on my mood, I may just break your neck."
Hood/Touya: "......"
Senri: "You're not Ruu. I can tell from how you fight. It's not showy at all, and you're the annoying, clever type. One who hides your weaknesses well."
Hood/Touya: "......"
Senri: "You have no right to remain silent. Do you want me to show you exactly what kind of danger you're in?"
Hood/Touya: "'What an idiot to lure me into the fog and then have the tables turned on them'—"
Hood/Touya: "You're looking down on me, thinking something like that, aren't you? I won't let you say otherwise."
Hood/Touya: "Luring me with the sound of your shoes was only the beginning of your plot, wasn't it? You had another plan, really."
If that had failed, I did have another plan ready. That hadn't been my final gamble, just as the Hood had said. It would be simple enough to acknowledge that, but I didn't want to let them take control of the conversation.
Hood/Touya: "I fell for a simple trap anyone could have predicted. So you thought less of me."
If they made any suspicious moves, I could hit them with my Dunamis at top speed. But all the Hood was doing was talking.
Senri: "........."
The moist sensation of the mist on my face was irritating me. Disturbed by the eerie silence, I grabbed the Hood's wrist, thinking I'd break an arm to put myself at ease.
Senri: "—"
I felt a chill. A strange sensation, like taking a gulp of warm water when you could have sworn it was cold.
The arm was hard—I was taken aback by the sensation in my hand for a moment, then flipped the hood back in order to understand everything, even knowing it was too late.
Senri: "A... puppet...?"
Hood/Touya: "'"I won't lose in a real fight where anything goes,' I believe it was?"
I suddenly felt my body pulled down as if a truck I was attached to had taken off. I hadn't managed to keep my balance in my awkward position, so I went down all too quickly.
Senri: "Gh?!"
It felt like a snake coiling around my legs. A helix of water held me to the ground like a wire.
Hood/Touya: "You're not as strong as you think you are. It's just that everyone raving about your strength was a weakling."
Hood/Touya: "How disappointing, Amabuki."
The shoulders of the life-sized puppet shook. After it cackled despite having no mouth, it went limp as if the soul had gone out of it.
Senri: "I didn't think there would be two of them..."
So the Hood wasn't only a disguise, but a way for the mastermind himself to observe a situation remotely.
That puppet that moved as if it had a will of its own, was it a Magi, or... No, this is no time to be considering the true identity of the Hood.
Hood/Ageha: "......"
The other Hood ran past me. I could just barely move my neck, so I followed it with my eyes.
Senri: "You can hide yourself in the mist. You switched with the doll, had me go after it instead, and got me from behind..."
Senri: "You really got me. I can't move my arms, so I can't attack."
I was pegged to the ground with water, completely unable to move.
Fortunately, I wasn't fatally wounded, but in martial arts, this would count as a pin. It didn't change the fact that the Hood had won.
Senri: "Hiding yourself in mist and using someone else to corner your prey... I did consider it, but..."
Senri: "That would explain the organization finding out about Fiona's place and them sniffing out our meeting with Etoh..."
Senri: "I wasn't really listening to all that talk of boyfriends, but... the one you really shared a passionate kiss with... was Ruu, wasn't it?"
The Hood spun around without answering my question. If she'd intended to kill me, it would have been simple enough to shoot me with magic while I was incapacitated, but she left me be.
Senri: (That was a narrow escape... but I don't have time to be relieved.)
If the Hood wasn't after me, but Noah—then I had to get out of these restraints and go help her before something irreversible happened.
Noah: (Senri's... not here...)
I tried blindly following him, but relying on luck alone didn't get me anywhere.
The park, which I'd thought was oblong in shape, was covered in mist, so I couldn't even tell where I was.
I gasped at the cold sensation of the metal in my hand. I was gripping it hard enough for my skin to turn white. In this thick mist, it was all that linked me to Senri.
He'd said he'd come running if I pulled the trigger, but if I relied on him too easily, I'd be getting in the way of his objective.
Noah: "Oh yeah... the sound. If I listen..."
I listened closely. I could hear wind and splashing, but it sounded awfully far away. All I could tell was the general direction.
Noah: "Ah, Senri...?"
I found a figure. Thinking it was Senri, my legs naturally felt lighter.
As I got closer, I realized that the figure was much bigger than Senri, and stopped in my tracks.
Monster: "—GgRrRrRrRrRrRrRrrr......"
A person with the same build as the one Senri had killed was roaming through the dense fog.
It moved its thick limbs, turning its head to look left and right with every stomp of its feet on the ground.
Noah: (He's looking for something. Senri? The Hood? Why attack us?)
If I stayed quiet and didn't move, it wouldn't find me.
Noah: (But... If he finds Senri... Senri will—)
Senri: "I don't hesitate when I have to break things."
I can't tell the difference between "things" and "people."
If Senri decided this person was a "thing" and didn't hesitate to break it, would the same happen to me one day?
To me, he was a "person." Like the priest. "People" have souls, and when their souls leave them, they never move again.
When the priest stopped moving and I learned we'd never see him again, I realized "killing" and "dying" were bad things.
If Senri stopped moving, I would really hate it. Just thinking about it makes my chest ache.
Noah: "Wait, listen to me."
If I didn't stop him, he would be killed by Senri, and I was beginning to think that killing wasn't something that should be done so easily.
Monster: "—"
He just turned to me without attacking. I knew it. Senri had just decided that talking would be pointless.
Noah: "Just leave the park without meeting Senri. Then everything will work out. A peaceful solution."
Monster: "........."
He could understand my words. It took him a little while to comprehend them, but the effort he put into it was the proof he was indeed a "person."
I waited patiently, and he stepped forward, seeming to come to some conclusion.
Monster: "H-HhEeLlPp MmEe—"
Monster: "IiTt HhUuRrTtSs... IiTt HhUuRrTtSs... NnOo—IiTt HhUuUuUuUuUuuurrttss!!"
I saw him raising his arm and thought he was going for a friendly handshake, but if he brought it down at that speed, he'd break my bones.
Noah: "Why do you do that? I know it hurts. But if you do that, Noah will hurt too."
His pillar-like arms grazed my head. I jumped back with the wind of his swipe and put some distance between me and the rampaging person.
Noah: "Se—"
I choked back the word. No. If I told Senri, he'd kill this person. I was being attacked, so Senri's priority would be to protect me.
It would be easy to rely on Senri, but it would create one more corpse.
I want to help this person. If I were in his place, I'm sure I'd want help too.
Noah: "Don't be violent. Talk with Noah. Let's figure this out together."
He was trying to tell me how much pain he was in. I wanted to do something for him.
Noah: "Noah understands, since she was the same at Next. What do you want me to do? I'll do something."
There was a pause again as he attempted to comprehend my words. Then his eyes swiveled around. He seemed to be focused on what I had in my right hand.
The gun—The one Senri had given me, that had just shot someone who looked just like this.
Monster: "KkIiLlLl MmEe..."
Noah: "...Huh......?"
Kill...? "Kill me"—
Noah: "You wanted to be killed?"
It doesn't make sense to plead for help, then ask to be killed.
It didn't make sense, but he'd changed position and was showing me an organ that was throbbing violently.
Wham, wham. Wham, wham. He struck his own weak spot, groaning in pain.
Monster: "BbRrEeAaKk IiTt... HhEeLlPp MmEe..."
Noah: "But..."
Could you really save someone by killing them?
Monster: "GgHh... GgHh... WwAaAaAaAaAaAaAaAaaaaahh!!"
Has life been nothing other than pain for him, ever since he was made to be that way?
Maybe his violence has nothing to do with his own will, and he just can't stay still due to the pain rushing through his entire body.
Monster: "KkIiLlLl MmEe, KkIiLlLl MmEe, KkIiLlLl MmEeEeEeEeEeEeeee!!"
The giant rushed at me, howling, filling my entire view.
Noah: "—!"
The finger that pulled the trigger still had its doubts. It was wrapped in suspicion that this wasn't really the right thing to do.
Remembering his advice, "if you pull it all the way, a bullet will shoot out," I pulled tight, still unsure of what would happen.
A dry sound rang out. Fresh blood sprayed forth and his body bent forward. Like I'd been shown, I shot twice, then three times into the pulsing organ.
I felt the recoil with my whole body. I felt like, through the trigger, I could understand Senri's feelings.
That he didn't do this because he wanted to.
Noah: (He was putting him at ease by killing him... But Senri didn't justify it like that...)
"I don't hesitate when I have to break things," he'd spat out.
I'd blamed him and doubted him, but I ended up doing the exact same thing he had.
Noah: (Is this really right? I feel like it isn't any different from the person who killed the priest.)
I kept pulling the trigger, with no idea what the right answer was. I just knew I couldn't stop in the middle. I thought that would be the worst thing to do.
His end finally came after what felt like dozens of gunshots.
Monster: "...HhAa...Kk...... OoUu......"
Clear drops of fluid spilled from his sunken eyes, but before they could slide down his cheeks, his knees folded and he stopped moving.
He looked like dead leaves falling powerlessly to the ground, like something returning to the place it was meant to be.
Noah: "......He died..."
He didn't budge. He'd stopped moving entirely.
I'd made it so that he wouldn't move anymore.
No one else had. I'd done this with my own hands.
Noah: "Was I... supposed to do that...?"
His expression as he fell had looked truly peaceful. I imagined it was the same expression I had on my face when I was with Senri.
There was no way for him to recover, so all I could do was free him from his pain.
It wasn't an excuse, but a reasonable justification.
So then, if he had pleaded, "it hurts, but I want to live," how much would Senri comply with those wishes?
Noah: "...Is his answer... that he's protected Noah all this time...?"
Noah: "Is Senri... not healthy... when he's with Noah?"
Senri: "Yeah... You're sapping my strength, Noah."
Ever since I wished to be together with Senri, Senri's responded to that wish by offering his very life to me.
Noah: "Because it's dangerous around Noah, she was called a monster, and that person was killed. Because Senri chose Noah..."
I thought Senri was all-powerful, that there was nothing he couldn't do.
But that's not true. Senri's just a regular "person" himself. He can't just make whatever he wants to happen, happen.
He just picks the very best response to a situation he can and then acts without hesitating—and that decisiveness of his can cause misunderstandings.
Noah: "Noah still doesn't understand Senri enough. She doesn't know what's right and what's wrong, either..."
My mind had sunk into an ocean of thought, but I felt it pulled back to land by someone's presence.
Noah: "Who's there?"
I saw it for one instant in the mist.
The Hood—the one behind all this.
They must have been running around me, because they went out of sight again right away.
Did they find me because of the gunshots? If so, Senri should be here soon too.
Noah: "If you want something with Noah, then show yourself. Noah won't run or hide."
Hood/Ageha: "...If you're hoping for help, it's not coming."
The voice came from behind me, to the right. I turned and spoke in that direction.
Noah: "You mean Senri? Did you do something to him?"
Hood/Ageha: "......I'm sorry..."
Quiet words of apology. But before I could demand an explanation—
Whoosh. Something shot out of the mist and hit my ankle.
It was condensed water. It lashed at me like a whip and held me in place.
Noah: "...That won't work. Noah can say absitively that it won't work, no matter how many times you try."
Hood/Ageha: "......?"
They must have thought they missed the first time, so they went for my other leg. The whip shot out and hit me below the knee with pinpoint accuracy.
Noah: "That won't work on Noah."
Hood/Ageha: "—?!"
I'd started to realize that not only physical attacks, but also powerful magical attacks would have no effect on me.
That was exactly why I'd wondered if I was a "monster," but Senri never looked at me like that.
The Hood only hesitated for a moment. Soon enough, they kept up their attacks as if they knew they only had one option.
Noah: "Things that hurt you hurt other people too. Why do you try to hurt me? All I want to do is talk to you. Why can't we understand each other?"
The water whip rained down on me. If I concentrated, I could see a transparent film appearing the moment I was hit, absorbing the impact.
Noah: "You're absitively wasting your magic. Where's Senri? When you said he's not coming, did—"
No more words came out. Every time I blocked the magic, something inside me throbbed. A choking feeling ran through me like something deep in my chest was being constricted.
Noah: "...No..."
I hurriedly checked the bottle I'd gotten from Mr. Goggles, but the white stones had disappeared.
I'd always needed these. At Next, they were offered to me, and recently, Senri had taken their place.
Senri never complained once. He'd silently taken on all the pain Noah was supposed to bear.
Noah: "Kh... Ah—"
Throb. A feeling like scales or layers of skin were being peeled off. Like {something} that I needed to remain Noah was slowly but surely being stripped away.
The "film" of absolute defense I was creating unconsciously could have been contributing to that deterioration as well.
Noah: (Senri... I knew it... I can't go on as Noah without you...)
It hurts. I realize now that I can't live by myself. That I'm a fragile existence that can only maintain itself by taking in that which I lack. To make up for my deficiencies.
Hood/Ageha: "......It's working...? I'm sorry... I have to do this..."
As I unconsciously blocked the stronger and stronger attacks, I started hearing something cracking somewhere behind my head.
I'll break—if I'm attacked any more without recovering...
Noah: "If you keep this up, Noah will—"
My head hurt so much it seemed like it might split. I couldn't keep my eyes open, and thrust my arms out in rejection.
Noah: "Stop it!"
Senri: (I heard the voices from over here...)
Those restraints were more like metal than water, but I got out of them and chased after the Hood.
Senri: (That was awfully half-assed. If I was in the way, she should have finished me off...)
But if her lack of commitment was because of her conscience, it lined up with my theory as to her identity.
Senri: "......The mist..."
The thinning mist and gunshots—there was a strange connection between those two things.
As soon as my vision cleared, I found her figure.
Senri: "You're alright..."
Noah, waiting beyond the mist, didn't have any visible wounds, so for a moment I was relieved.
Her hair clinging to her with the humidity, she was down on her knees, so focused on something that she didn't even look my way.
Noah: "Noah... did it..."
The fog before her cleared and I realized I could see the face of the Hood lying in front of her.
Plump lips and heavy-looking fake lashes. The makeup on her face had run in the humidity and her cheeks were pale and bloodless.
Noah: "...I didn't know it was Ageha inside... but Ageha's Noah's friend... Why would she..."
Ageha is an OutCast who controls water. Her talent is superior, but she doesn't have the monstrous aptitude of Inui or Fiona.
It's because she's aware of her limitations that she used pieces like the mist, the experiment victims, and the Hood to level the playing field with us.
Senri: "You shot it?"
I asked her as I picked my trusty gun up off the ground and put it back in its holster.
Noah: "......I shot it..."
Senri: "...I see."
Beyond the thinning mist, I got a glimpse of a giant in a pool of blood and thought, "ah."
She must have destroyed its heart like I'd done.
Noah: "......"
Senri: "This is all because of the people using Ageha. You don't need to feel guilty."
There's no blood around Ageha. It's likely she was just surprised by Noah's counterattack and fell, hitting her head hard enough to knock herself out.
She should come to with no trouble if we can get her to a hospital quickly.
Senri: "What about you? Are you alright?"
Noah: "—?!"
Noah jumped and stepped back as if to defend herself.
Noah: "N-No! Stay away!"
I'd thought I knew Noah well, that her mental fortitude was one of her best traits, but laying a hand on her friend had utterly changed her.
Senri: "What are you so afraid of?"
Noah: "You'll go down just like Ageha. The white stones I got from Mr. Goggles are already gone."
I closed my eyes for a moment. If I concentrated, I could tell Noah's "wound" had opened and she was severely lacking in Elements.
It seems a single Fragment wasn't nearly enough when she'd had to endure attacks from both Ageha and the monster.
Senri: "I was the one who decided we should split up. You don't need to worry about it, Noah."
Noah: "What? Why? Noah did all of it!"
Since the Hood was Ageha, there's a good chance she nicked some of the Fragments from the case up on the roof and has them hidden on her somewhere.
But I had to prioritize reassuring Noah over repairing her "wound."
She'd consume more Elements in this unstable condition. I probably shouldn't let her get too excited.
Noah: "Ageha is your friend too. Noah nearly took your friend from you."
Senri: "Calm down. This is part of their plan too, confusing us like this."
I'm sure Ruu picked Ageha to shake us up by using someone close to us, mentally exhausting us in the process.
Noah's agitated state shows that her plan worked all too well.
Noah: "Don't touch me!"
It was my first time being rejected by her.
You can't reject someone without a clear will to. When she was at Next, Noah accepted everything.
Noah: "Noah... figured it out. When Ageha went down, she figured out what it is."
Senri: "You don't need to think about any of this, just listen to—"
Noah: "No. Listen, Senri. Noah found the answer."
She should have been scared, but strangely her voice wasn't quavering at all. She faced me with a determined look in her eyes.
Noah: "Noah is... a monster."
Noah: "That's why she hurts the people near her just by being alive."
Noah spoke her laments, sounding so pitiful anyone listening would want to cover their ears. There was a faraway look in her eyes, as if she were gazing at something she would never be able to reach.
And with every moment of mental fatigue, Noah's "wounds" opened further; I could almost hear a sound like the air going out of a life raft.
Noah: "Ugh... ah...!"
Noah's knees bent in exhaustion. I hurried to catch her, but my speed made it almost more like a tackle.
Noah: "No! Senri, let Noah go! She's a monster! She understands why that person wanted to die now!"
"That person." For a moment I wasn't sure who she meant, but then I realized she was referring to the lab-created monster that had attacked us.
Noah: "When he said, 'It hurts, help me,' Noah thought he wanted to be released from his suffering, so she pulled the trigger."
Noah: "Senri... you understood, didn't you? You know everything, so you knew what 'help me' really meant."
The monster I'd fought at the lab had no intelligence, but the one we'd met on the roof, that I'd killed, understood human words.
In other words, it had a soul. It must have understood to some degree what state it was in.
I'd just surmised the true meaning of asking for "help" in a situation like that.
Noah: "What hurt was his heart. He hated having to hurt people around him just by being alive."
Noah: "He wanted to die as a 'person,' before he really hurt someone..."
That's right. They didn't want an end to their suffering. They wanted to die with some shred of their human dignity intact, since they couldn't stop their violent impulses.
Because these "people" on the verge of becoming monsters were more human than anyone... I was able to kill them as they wished with no hesitation.
Because I'd judged that that would be salvation for them, no matter who rebuked me for it.
Noah: "Noah's the same as those people. Don't discriminate, Senri."
Noah: "Noah's a monster who shouldn't be alive either."
Noah: "It was never okay for Noah to live."
That lamentation was her final conclusion.
Noah, whose misdirected actions after the priest's death had earned Fiona's ire... had finally grown enough to really understand human emotions.
She'd grown enough to reach a clear answer on her own.
Senri: "What exactly do you want to do?"
Noah: "If Senri leaves, Noah will break on her own. Noah needs to feed off of Senri to live, after all."
Noah: "So do that. Just forget about Noah and live the way you want to live, Senri."
I realized that she'd started recovering her Elements at some point.
Like an aspirator, Noah would suck Elements from me just by being nearby.
With no end. Until her vessel was full, on and on... Even if she completely consumed my vitality...
Noah: "Noah's regaining her strength. Senri'll only be in more pain as she gets better..."
Noah: "Noah doesn't want to do this anymore. Senri, say goodbye to Noah...?"
Senri: "I understand what you want."
It was nothing particularly hard to understand. In fact, it felt obvious, really.
After giving me a sad look, Noah softly pushed me away to try and distance herself.
Noah: "Huh?"
But with how weak she was, she couldn't push me away.
Noah: "Why don't you let me go?"
Noah struggled in my arms. The Elements flowing out from me were entering her, repairing her "wound."
Noah: "No... let go... It doesn't make sense that you'd kill him but not kill Noah...!"
Senri: "You're right. I'll collapse at this rate."
Senri: "And I understand that that would be cruel to you too, Noah."
The Elements flowing through me were gradually making their way into her.
I'm sure they were vital to my life, as my strength was draining with them.
Senri: "But... what I want is the opposite."
Noah: "Let go! Noah doesn't want this! Noah doesn't want to live enough to do this!"
She bucked like a horse in my arms. I was fine with that. I really didn't intend to let her go unless she physically made me.
Senri: "I just want you to stay healthy for my own reasons. If you feel differently for your reasons, then push me away."
Noah: "Senri... Stop iiiiiiiiit!!"
She cried out in grief and glared at me.
I could tell I had barely any strength left. It was all I could do to cling to her.
Still, Noah didn't push me away. She couldn't push me away.
Senri: "You're more human than anyone if you can do something that hurts you for the sake of someone else, Noah."
Senri: "I'm glad. I'd thought maybe you wouldn't be able to gain such ordinary sympathies."
Senri: "You're a little more feminine when you're this fragile; it makes you all the more worthwhile to protect..."
Noah's grown enough that no matter how much she despairs about it, she can't stop someone who's acting for their own sake.
Senri: (It's strange... I'm happy about Noah's growth as if it were my own...)
It appears my feelings for Noah are almost like that of family... I imagine a parent feels such unconditional affection for their child.
Noah: "Senri..."
I wiped away the tears she was crying. My fingers felt like they were only skin and bone as they touched her springy cheeks; they looked like they didn't belong to me at all.
Noah: "No... I don't want this! Because of me, you'll... you'll...!"
I felt sapped, like every drop of moisture in me had been sucked out. Such extreme dehydration brought death to mind very clearly.
Senri: "Your wound's... closed... No... I've just lost my ability... to sense Elements..."
I might not be able to use my Dunamis again.
I could tell that she'd sapped me of Elements straight down to the core where they were created.
Noah: "No... I don't want this... If you're gone, Senri... Noah... Noah should never even have been born—"
Noah's voice was far away. My consciousness was fading in and out. I was alarmed at the sensation of being left alone in a cold world, but I couldn't resist the force dragging me down.
Noah: "That's right... Noah should have just stayed a thing that didn't think."
Noah: "If she never had to learn what emotions are, Noah wouldn't have to feel this way."
Faced with nothingness, Noah lost her ambitions.
Sunk down in her sadness, Noah was trying to close herself off to the world, but I couldn't let her do it; that feeling spurred me on with what little strength I had left.
Senri: "...Noah, what do you want to do now?"
Noah: "......Huh?"
Senri: "What's up, what's down, what's black, what's white, what's yellow... no one can tell you that. They can't decide it. They can't decree it..."
Senri: "Whenever you make a decision, you have to shoulder all the responsibility for it yourself... That's how you live a life without regrets..."
Noah: "Noah..."
The color of despair that had been etched deep into her slowly faded. She'd listened earnestly to my words, digested them, and was trying to find an answer on her own.
Up until now, Noah hadn't done anything.
Instead of doing anything, she'd just expressed her feelings with the words "thank you."
Then what answer would Noah come up with now that she understood what it means to be human?
Noah: "Noah wants... to be with Senri."
Noah: "No matter how much trouble she causes, even if it hurts you... Noah still wants to be with you forever."
Senri: "Then stay..."
Noah: "Noah... Noah can't just stay. It's because she wants to that she can't just stay."
There was life in her eyes.
Noah: "If Noah wants to be with you, then she has to find a way to do it."
If I stay by Noah's side any longer, I'm sure I'll die. If our relationship stays the same as it always has been, nothing will be fixed. Noah found that answer all on her own.
Noah: "—Noah has to act."
She had a young but strong determination to shoulder the responsibility on her own.
Relief struck the final blow to my depleted stamina.
Senri: "...Ah......?"
I crumbled, my limbs going slack, and I finally realized I couldn't move a muscle anymore.
Noah: "Noah will absitively do something. Senri, Noah will walk the path Noah has decided."
I could see Noah's figure fading into the distance, my vision warped like I was having a nightmare. Only her footsteps were clear to me.
That was the last thing I heard before I let the reins of my consciousness loose.
====================H011.TXT====================
.........
I was suddenly yanked up out of the darkness into light, all in one motion.
Oxygen gushed into my lungs. My eyelids sprang open and the force of my surprise propelled my body upwards as well.
I smacked into something. My face had hit something from the inertia of springing upward, but I prioritized confirming the situation before covering my face in pain.
Fiona: "Iffh me... ngh... you went right into my teeth... If I broke my front teeth I'd look like an idiot when I smile, wouldn't I!"
My blurred vision took in a woman with a hand to her mouth.
Her vague outline gradually solidified, and I could tell from her voice and appearance that it was Fiona.
Senri: "Kfh, cough... haahh...... what did you do..."
Fiona: "If you're gonna die, then die. If you're gonna live, then live. At least pick one."
After coughing for a bit, I wiped my mouth and found my lips slightly moist.
The cogs in my mind turned and I said the words I thought would be appropriate.
Senri: "Thanks, Fiona."
Fiona: "I thought I'd taste your lips since I had the opportunity. And? How did mine taste to you?"
Senri: "I didn't really have time to enjoy them. Chest compressions weren't enough to get me breathing again?"
Fiona: "If you woke up too easily, I'd have no opportunity to steal your lips, would I? I skipped straight to mouth-to-mouth. You got a problem with that?"
Senri: "I could only ever have gratitude for someone who just saved my life."
Fiona: "How very nice of you. I shouldn't have expected an amusing reaction."
She held her hand out, looking unamused, and I took it and stood, putting strength into my legs. Fiona watched my clumsy movements and gave me a grim look.
Fiona: "........."
She looked like she wanted to say something like "you really taxed yourself, huh?" It got across from her eyes alone.
Fiona: "Some monster and Ageha are lying over there. What on earth happened here? Where's Noah?"
Senri: "We got into it with the Hood. Noah left my side of her own volition."
Fiona: "Left... you here, practically dead?"
It made sense that she'd be suspicious of Noah doing something so heartless, but that hadn't been Noah's intention. She must have wanted to help me instead of leaving me here, but she'd left as fast as she could regardless.
And Noah leaving had actually prevented the worst-case scenario.
But this just had to be the time when we didn't get away scot-free.
Senri: (There's a defect at my core now. I've lost the ability to refine Elements.)
I've been completely drained—I'm lucky to even be alive at this point.
Fiona: "I finished with my business, came over to the Ministry building, and what do I find but a collapsed Senri, halfway there. What a bad joke."
Senri: "Yeah, it's pretty heavy."
Fiona: "Nothing this heavy could be a joke! Hey, are you okay?"
She lent me her shoulder, since I was barely able to stand on my feet. Even when a man like me entrusted all my weight to her, Fiona's well-trained body didn't falter at all under it.
Fiona: "Rest on this bench. I'm not going to look after someone who can't even walk on his own."
Senri: "Sorry about this..."
Fiona: "As long as you don't fall for me."
The moment I sat down on the bench, my brain screamed out, "I don't want to move."
I raised my chin and gulped in air. After a little while of that, something hard was pushed against my open mouth.
Fiona: "Refreshments. Drink it all up and get your energy back."
"The Strongest Beverage - Definitely" went down my throat, seeping into my worn-down body. I felt everything go ice-cold.
When I began to catch my breath, I noticed Fiona was talking to someone on her terminal.
From her explanatory tone, I imagined she was calling some paramedics to come get Ageha.
Fiona: "Well, I can guess what's going on from the way it ended up. What I'd really like to know is what you're thinking, Senri."
Fiona: "You want to go after Noah? Or the reporter?"
There wasn't an option to "skip a turn." No matter the condition I was in, it seemed as long as I was alive, we didn't have the option to retreat.
Senri: "Kamidate was all worked up about pursuing whoever was behind these riots, but... she couldn't have gone after them on her own, could she?"
Fiona: "Now that you mention it, I only got word from her once. She could have already been captured."
Senri: "......"
Senri: "I'm working on something else. Just stay out of the city, Kamidate."
Shioriko: "You want me to give up? Are you insane? I don't care if I die. I'll go after them on my own if I have to."
Senri: "......Phew..."
Noah's whereabouts and Kamidate's whereabouts.
At first glance, they don't seem to be things you could prioritize between, but if you took a deep breath and thought rationally for a bit, the answer became clear.
We don't have the time or energy to thoroughly investigate all the places the two of them were likely to go.
Noah severed her relationship with me in order to continue her relationship with me, and set off on her own. I have no idea where she was headed.
Senri: "We'll go after Kamidate."
On the other hand, we can be sure that Kamidate is going after the organization.
The Fragments Etoh brought us. The strategy Ageha used. These have given me some hints.
Fiona: "...Are you sure?"
Senri: "I met Noah while pursuing my own business."
Senri: "At the time, she was the founder of Next and you were with the organization... but then the three of us started living together..."
Senri: "We're connected. The three of us are drawn to each other by some unseen power."
Just like Fiona coincidentally found me almost dead in this park, no matter how far we are from each other, we're fated to meet again.
This uncertain, unfounded connection between us has grown strong enough that I can't ignore it any longer.
Fiona: "If we're still alive, we'll run into each other sooner or later. You might be right about that."
Senri: "I've got some ideas about Kamidate. So lend me a hand, Fiona."
Fiona: "Be glad to. I haven't saved nearly enough people yet."
That was a reassuring response—one that made me want to leave everything to her.
====================I101.TXT====================
What does it mean to live a happy life—
Everyone wishes for happiness, but the definition of that is vague.
Some people are happy with a lot of money, and some barely need any if they can be with the ones they love.
As long as the person themselves feels that way, it's "happiness" to them.
The color of "happiness" differs for every person. It's never the same. Like a field with all sorts of flowers planted in it.
When I thought about what happiness meant to me, someone's figure started to appear in my mind, but it vanished before it could become clear to me.
I don't need anything special. I'm fine with my life being completely ordinary, as long as I can smile along with those who are precious to me.
A shaft of light came down into that pleasant world—
For some reason, I felt my heart filling with happiness, just from hearing that voice—
And I reached out my hand as if letting the light guide me.
Teacher: "Oh, that's unusual. Alright Mutsumi, why don't you solve this problem, then?"
I felt everyone's eyes on me. For some reason, I was raising my right hand.
Haruto: "I can't."
Teacher: "Huh? Then why'd you raise your hand?"
Haruto: "I don't know that either."
Teacher: "How about I teach you, then? It's a teacher's job to teach students things they don't know, after all."
Teacher: "You were nodding off in class! There's drool on your chin!"
Laughter rang out in the classroom. I brought my arm up over my face to hide my embarrassment and wiped my mouth with the sleeve of my uniform.
Teacher: "Saved by the bell. Alright, that's enough for today."
The bell signaling the end of class rang, and the classroom was filled with that particular sense of freedom. Next period was the long-awaited lunch break.
Male Student: "Hey, Mutsumi, just what kinda dream were you having?"
Right after class ended, my friend sitting in the seat in front of me turned back to me with a grin.
Haruto: "What was it...? I can't remember at all."
Male Student: "I bet it was a dirty one. I get it, man. That's way more exciting than some boring lesson."
Haruto: "I don't think it was like that, but... hmm, yeah, I can't remember..."
It was a nostalgic sensation—but I could feel the remains of it quickly fading away...
Male Student: "Oh, she's waiting for you, right?"
A girl was looking into the classroom from the doorway—when her eyes met mine, she gave me a little nod and smiled.
Haruto: "You're right. I've gotta go."
Male Student: "Man, it's no fair, you gettin' the Academy's prettiest girls to yourself like this... You should get arrested for breaking antitrust laws or something."
Haruto: "It's not like I'm trying to keep them to myself... Well, she's waiting, so I've gotta go."
Male Student: "Go on, get outta here. I hope you break both their hearts. You make yourself a harem and none of the rest of us get any!"
Shaking off his fervent resentment, I went over to the door where she waited.
Haruto: "Riku-chan, did you need something?"
Her face had been anxious, but it soon relaxed into a reserved smile.
Riku: "Is it alright that you left...? You seemed to be in the middle of a conversation..."
Haruto: "It's fine, it's fine. It wasn't anything important."
Riku: "That's a relief. Umm, then if it's alright with you, would you care to have lunch together? I made us something myself today."
Haruto: "Really?! That sounds great! I'd love to!"
Riku: "Heheh, let's head out to the courtyard, then. It's beautiful and warm out today."
Haruto: "That's a wonderful suggestion. Let's go at once. Is our lunch in that bag? Here, I'll carry it."
Riku: "Oh, you don't need to! It's not as though it's heavy."
Haruto: "Don't worry about it. C'mon, let's hurry. If we stay here too long, we might be cursed."
Riku: "Cursed...?"
I pretended not to notice the jealous stares I was getting from the classroom as we headed out to the courtyard.
Haruto: "Thanks, that was delicious!"
Riku: "You're very welcome."
I put away the lunch Riku-chan had made me and rubbed my nicely full stomach.
Riku: "I have some tea I thought would be nice after our meal, too. Would you like a cup?"
Haruto: "Oh yeah, of course! The tea you make is so good, Riku-chan!"
She opened up a thermos and tilted it. Light brown liquid spilled out from it, and the small cup filled up right away.
Riku: "Here you are. I hope it's to your liking."
Haruto: "Thank you, it looks great!"
The citrus-like taste went down my throat and traveled all around my body before leaving through my nose.
Haruto: "Fwah#... Yeah, your tea is really great, Riku-chan... Nothing like what you'd get from a vending machine. Do you have a special way of making it?"
Riku: "Oh, I'm still very much working at it, but I'm using a popular blog as reference these days."
Riku: "Not only do they have easy-to-understand explanations of different tea leaves and how to steep them, they also go to all sorts of places and write about their impressions of the tea they find there."
Haruto: "Huh, they must really love tea."
Riku: "Yes, it comes through very strongly in their writing. However, they can be a bit too passionate at times, and sometimes use quite extreme language..."
Haruto: "Extreme language?"
Riku: "They'll criticize places that serve poor tea by name... sometimes saying things like 'highly recommended to anyone who wants to drink sewer water'..."
Riku: "They normally seem quite composed from their regular writing, too..."
Haruto: "I guess that just shows how serious they are about it."
The more important something is to you, the harder it is to compromise with it. Everyone's attached to different things. All I know is that because of that person, I'm able to sit here drinking delicious tea, so I'm thankful.
Haruto: "Come to think of it, were you okay after all that yesterday? The people from Atori didn't say anything to you?"
Riku: "Yesterday? You mean when that measuring device broke at the mall?"
Haruto: "Yeah, the new model. It seemed really expensive, so I was wondering if it was okay..."
Riku: "That wasn't your fault, Haruto-san. It's not as if you were misusing it, so it was the fault of the machine."
Yesterday the two of us had gone to the mall to hang out and we'd spotted a makeshift booth Atori was running.
We heard they were doing a demo of a new magic aptitude measuring device and had tried it out, just out of curiosity, but...
When I actually used it, the screen displayed a warning message about some sort of abnormality and the device lost all its power.
The presenter had said it was fine, but it hadn't looked that way to me.
Haruto: "Maybe I should go and apologize after all..."
Riku: "You helped them find a defect in a product before it was officially released, so it was actually a positive thing for them."
Riku: "When you consider the cost and effort it would have taken to recall them after circulation... never mind apologizing to them, {they} should be thanking {you}. Please don't worry about it."
Haruto: "That makes me feel better. Thanks."
Male Student: "Heeey, Mutsumiii!"
Haruto: "Huh? What's up? You weren't in the classroom?"
Male Student: "I came down to get a drink, but I thought I'd let you know while I was here..."
Male Student: "Rikudou Asahi was just in our class looking for you."
Haruto: "Huh? Asahi was?"
Male Student: "I told her you'd gone out to eat, but she said she'd wait until you got back. She's probably still there up in the hallway."
Haruto: "What could it be? Do you think it's urgent?"
Male Student: "A girl's waiting for you, dude. Quit thinkin' about why and get up there. There's something wrong with you if you keep a cute girl like that waiting."
Riku: "Go ahead, please. I have to change classrooms next, so I should be getting back soon anyway."
Haruto: "I'm so sorry, Riku-chan. Oh, and lunch was great. Thank you!"
Saying my thanks to Riku-chan, I slipped past my classmate, who was giving me a rather chilly look, and headed to my classroom.
I'd returned to the hall in front of my classroom, but Asahi wasn't there.
Haruto: "Did she give up and leave?"
It's not as if we had an agreement to meet here, so it's not surprising that she'd leave when she found out I wasn't around.
But that's the way normal people are. The person I was looking for right now was none other than Rikudou Asahi.
The phrase "give up" didn't exist in Asahi's dictionary.
The same goes for words like "surrender," "resign," or "yield." If her goal was clear, she wouldn't rest until she arrived at it. She would never forfeit the game.
So I looked around once more. I was sure Asahi was nearby.
It didn't take long for my conviction to become reality. I found a familiar figure by the windows.
Haruto: "Hey, Asahi!"
Seeing her made me glad for some reason, and I trotted over to her. She turned around when I called her name.
Asahi/Ruu: "Haruto."
Asahi smiled when she saw my face. I was happy that my existence could cause a smile like that, and couldn't help grinning myself.
Asahi/Ruu: "Where were you? I was waiting, you know."
Haruto: "Sorry, sorry. Riku-chan and I were eating lunch outside."
Asahi/Ruu: "Hm#, with Atorin again... you two have all the fun together, huh..."
Asahi pouted like a little kid, puffing her cheeks out.
Haruto: "Well, we invited you yesterday, but you said you were busy..."
Asahi/Ruu: "That doesn't mean it's okay for you two to go off and flirt with each other!"
Even as she complained, Asahi hugged my arm and leaned on me.
Haruto: "Wh-Whoa! You shouldn't be doing that here, I think!"
Asahi/Ruu: "Just making up for how much I missed you. Compensating for Atorin getting a head start. You have no right to refuse, Haruto!"
Haruto: "Mm... I dunno..."
I couldn't push Asahi away as she lovingly brought her cheek close to mine. I had no reason to thoughtlessly make her feel bad.
So I just had to endure the speculative looks I was getting from my surroundings.
Asahi/Ruu: "Haruto#, I love you#♪"
I bet I'll be hearing comments about this from people too... And I know all I can do is just resign myself to accepting them.
???/Asahi: "Haruto...?"
Most of the looks we were getting, flirting so openly in public like this, were of jealousy or envy.
Maybe that's why I was unconsciously drawn to the girl who stood out, who was giving us another look, though it was one I couldn't really describe.
Girl/Asahi: "You're Haruto... right...?"
The words seemed to be composed of one part surprise and one part doubt.
I was confused as well, though not as much as she was, I'm sure. I gave the girl who'd called my name the most natural answer I could.
Haruto: "Umm... I'm sorry, have we met somewhere?"
Girl/Asahi: "Huh...?"
Haruto: "No, wait! I might just have totally forgotten! Gimme a minute, I'll figure it out!"
It's the height of rudeness to forget the name and face of someone you've met before. I tried as hard as I could to find her among my memories so that I could recover the situation.
But no matter what I did, I couldn't find the memories that corresponded to her. I couldn't remember her even after spending some time thinking about it, so it must have been some kind of misunderstanding or something.
Haruto: "I'm sorry, I really can't remember. But did we meet somewhere?"
Girl/Asahi: "Haruto... do you really mean that...?"
Haruto: "Y-Yeah..."
I couldn't even get a clue from talking to her.
Asahi/Ruu: "He's telling you he doesn't know you# I think you should stop bothering my darling now, hon#"
Girl/Asahi: "You..."
The unfamiliar girl shot a sharp glare Asahi, who was still by my side.
Girl/Asahi: "Get away from him right now. Don't touch Haruto."
Asahi/Ruu: "Ooh, a scary girl's being mean to me! Haruto, save me#!"
Haruto: "I knew people would be angry. Asahi, you should do as she says."
Girl/Asahi: "...Why?"
Haruto: "Hm?"
Girl/Asahi: "{I'm} Asahi. Rikudou Asahi is {my} name. It's not hers!"
Haruto: "Uhh... I'm not sure what to say to that..."
Rikudou Asahi is next to me. She's also standing before me. If that's true, then all I can assume is that they just happen to have the same name.
But the chance of them having the same surname {and} given name just by coincidence is exceedingly low. Maybe if you looked, you could find one, but it was close to a miracle that they'd be in the same place at the same time.
Asahi/Ruu: "The only Rikudou Asahi here is Ruu—I mean, is Asahi."
Girl/Asahi: "No! That's my name!"
Asahi/Ruu: "Heheh, that may be true, but none of the people here will believe what you have to say."
Asahi/Ruu: "Not with how I rewrote things♪"
Girl/Asahi: "—?!"
Haruto: "What did you rewrite?"
Asahi/Ruu: "Oh, don't butt in, Haruto. This is a battle between us girls."
Haruto: "A battle? That's so violent. There's probably just a misunderstanding. You can work things out with words, can't you?"
Asahi/Ruu: "So naive. It's because you're like this that you'll never be able to choose. That people call you indecisive!"
Haruto: "...That hits home."
Girl/Asahi: "Return Haruto to normal. If you don't, I won't let you get away with this."
Asahi/Ruu: "And what will you do about it? Will you kill me to take him back?"
Asahi/Ruu: "But how would you get him back to normal if you did? If you'd prefer he stay like this for the rest of his life, then go ahead, kill me, kill me#♪"
Girl/Asahi: "......"
Asahi/Ruu: "There {is} a way to get him back to normal, of course."
Haruto: "Hey, what are you two talking about?"
Asahi/Ruu: "We're talking about your life, Haruto. Be a dear and pipe down for a bit, would you?"
I wasn't given an explanation for my confusion. All I knew for sure was that there was some misunderstanding going on. The two kept right on talking, leaving me out of the loop.
Asahi/Ruu: "Just think about it for me, would you? What do you suppose happiness would be for him?"
Girl/Asahi: "Haruto's happiness...?"
Asahi/Ruu: "Those peaceful days he could never have returned to before are right here, right now. And they're what he was wishing for more than anything."
Asahi/Ruu: "He probably would have denied it, but his heart is honest, you see. He still has attachments to what he lost."
Asahi/Ruu: "If the truth wounds you, wouldn't you be happier with it hidden from you? Who says you need to choose a life full of pain?"
Girl/Asahi: "If you're not true to yourself, you'll eventually have to pay the price."
Girl/Asahi: "No matter how painful they may be, you can't avert your eyes from the trials you've been given. If you do, you won't make it to the Land of Dreams."
Asahi/Ruu: "Please don't think everyone can press on while only looking forward like you can."
Asahi/Ruu: "Though in your case, isn't it more that you're afraid to look back?"
Girl/Asahi: "......"
Asahi/Ruu: "Of course, all that 'it's for him' stuff is sophistry. Frankly, it's just easier to deal with him when he's like this."
Haruto: "Come on, explain it so that I can understand it already. It's no fair if I'm the only one out of the loop."
Asahi/Ruu: "Oh, don't worry, we're done talking. Now, let's go, shall we?"
Girl/Asahi: "Wait! Give Haruto back!"
Asahi/Ruu: "So persistent! I think you should really try to understand your position here."
Asahi found a teacher and raised her hand, exclaiming:
Asahi/Ruu: "Sensei! You got a minute?!"
Girl/Asahi: "—?!"
The teacher was headed this way at her urging.
Asahi/Ruu: "Come on, you'd better get out of here. Right now, you're nothing more than an outsider♪"
Girl/Asahi: "...I won't give up."
The girl gave Asahi another glare and disappeared down the hallway as if fleeing the scene.
Teacher: "Hey, what's going on?"
Asahi/Ruu: "It's nothing#♪ I just wanted to call you over#"
Teacher: "Really, Rikudou... Leave teachers out of your practical jokes."
Asahi/Ruu: "Okay# I'm sorry#♪"
The teacher left with just a little scolding.
Asahi/Ruu: "Hey Haruto, are you free after this?"
Haruto: "Huh? Of course not. We've got class."
Asahi/Ruu: "Let's skip it to go out and play! I'm inviting you on a date."
Haruto: "W-We can't just skip class. We'll get in trouble."
Asahi/Ruu: "But you went on a date with Atori Riku yesterday, didn't you?"
Asahi/Ruu: "No fair, no fair! Date Asahi too! You're not playing fair! Play fair!"
"Not playing fair"—the words almost sparked something in me, but the memory quickly faded away.
Asahi's voice broke right through the self-restraint trying to tell me that I mustn't make mistakes.
I tried to pursue the identity of my confusion, but Asahi's arms around my own got in my way.
Haruto: "Hmm, alright, but just this once. This one time's special."
Asahi/Ruu: "Yaaay♪ Woohoo! Thanks, Haruto♪"
The guilt didn't disappear, but when I saw Asahi's innocent joy expressed so openly, I decided to think it was probably okay to do this every so often.
Walking around town in the middle of the day on a weekday made me feel guilt from breaking the rules and made it hard to relax.
Completely oblivious to my feelings, Asahi grinned, her arms around mine the whole time.
Haruto: "Is it that much fun just walking around like this?"
Asahi/Ruu: "Of course! There's a certain pleasure that comes from stealing something that belongs to someone else."
Haruto: "Stealing something? Are you stealing something from me?"
Asahi/Ruu: "I'm talking about your heart!"
Haruto: "My heart...? Huh, so you stole it at some point..."
Asahi/Ruu: "...She's been following us this whole time. I wonder just what she's feeling as she watches us... It's too bad there are so many people around... I can't hear..."
Haruto: "Following us? Who?"
Asahi/Ruu: "Something sorta like a little abandoned puppy. Don't worry about it."
Haruto: "A puppy?! Where?! We'll have to make sure it's safe...!"
Asahi/Ruu: "I was just joking. There's no puppy."
Haruto: "Really? Don't tease me..."
Asahi/Ruu: "You really were worried, weren't you, Haruto?"
Haruto: "Huh? Of course I was. What reason would I have to lie?"
Asahi/Ruu: "That's the quality that really represents you, isn't it? You're rash and righteous, but it isn't hypocrisy. You really are devoted to good."
Asahi/Ruu: "I'm interested in that part of you, Haruto. Here, let me pat you on the head 'cause you're such a good boy."
Haruto: "D-Don't say something so embarrassing all of the sudden...! Everybody's staring at us...!"
Asahi/Ruu: "Ah, you turned red, you turned red♪ You're so cute, Haruto!"
I couldn't take the attention from everyone around us and hung my head, but Asahi paid me no mind and continued to enjoy our stroll.
We continued around town with no particular goal in mind. I wasn't at all bored, maybe because Asahi was beside me.
Asahi/Ruu: "Kinda tiring doing all this walking, huh? Should we take a little break?"
Haruto: "Sure. Let's go rest on that bench."
This park sat amongst the office buildings of the business district.
It was deserted, but not because there were no people around; I was sure at this time they were all just in those buildings working.
I sat down first and Asahi spent a moment debating whether to sit down to my right or left.
And the result of her debate was this:
Asahi/Ruu: "Rururu!"
Haruto: "Wha?!"
She sat not on the left or the right, but in the center.
A sweet scent reached me on the faint breeze. And the soft sensation of Asahi atop my thighs—
Haruto: "W-Wait, where do you think you're sitting?!"
Asahi/Ruu: "On top of you."
Haruto: "I think there's enough space that you don't have to sit on top of me...?!"
Asahi/Ruu: "I'm not heavy, am I...?"
Haruto: "No, you're not heavy, but... I'm not sure I can really handle this..."
Asahi/Ruu: "I bet you were thinking like, 'girls' bodies are softer than I thought they were#,' Haruto, you perv♪"
Haruto: "I-I'm not thinking anything pervy!"
Asahi/Ruu: "You can't hide it. I can see through it all♪"
Haruto: "Ugh... Then get off already..."
Asahi/Ruu: "Okay, I'll get off if you give me a big hug from behind♪"
Haruto: "What...?! Why do I have to...?! I can't do that, it's too embarrassing..."
Asahi/Ruu: "Nooo waaay! I won't get off until you huuug meee!"
Like a spoiled child, Asahi wouldn't take no for an answer, but she gave me a devilish smile in contrast with her innocent words.
I looked around and saw a few figures walking around us, but not very close by.
Haruto: "...Just a little, then."
I reached my arms around Asahi. Her thinness and softness was transmitted to me through the nerves in my arms.
Asahi/Ruu: "Heheh, how do you feel right now?"
Haruto: "I'm embarrassed. Okay, that's enough, isn't it?"
Asahi/Ruu: "I suppose so. I managed to show it to her, so I guess I can let you off the hook now."
Haruto: "Her?"
Asahi/Ruu: "It's nothing. I know, I'll buy us something to drink."
Haruto: "Oh, then I'll go too—"
Asahi got off my legs and I made to stand up after her, but I found myself a bit unsteady.
My legs were numb from the pressure of Asahi's weight on them.
Haruto: "Ah—?!"
I lost my balance and was about to fall, but Asahi's hand shot out reflexively and I grabbed it.
Were she a pro baseball player, she probably wouldn't have budged.
But the same couldn't be said for someone with no particular athletic experience, let alone in a professional capacity, and the two of us tumbled into the bushes next to the bench.
Haruto: "Ouch... Sorry, Asahi, are you okay?"
Asahi/Ruu: "You're such a klutz, Haruto. Don't you often get told you should act with a little more composure?"
Haruto: "Yeah, a lot... I'm sorry, I'll get up."
Asahi/Ruu: "Oh, I don't think you should..."
Haruto: "Why not?"
Asahi/Ruu: "It'd be harder {not} to cause misunderstandings in this position."
Haruto: "Misunderstandings...?"
Asahi/Ruu: "Like, say, you lost control of your impulses and pushed me to the ground."
Haruto: "Pushed you...?! I wouldn't do that!"
Asahi/Ruu: "I wonder how many people have an accurate grasp of your character. You could see how people might falsely accuse you, couldn't you?"
Asahi/Ruu: "See, someone's coming this way. If you get up now, they could call the authorities straight away!"
Haruto: "Th-That wouldn't be good...!"
Asahi/Ruu: "We'll just have to stay like this until they pass by, then. Thankfully, the bushes hide us from sight."
I have no idea if I'll be able to endure this until the people near us have all passed by, partly because of the burden on my arms holding me up, but mostly because of something else.
Asahi/Ruu: "......"
Haruto: "...I don't think you need to stare at me so hard."
Asahi/Ruu: "Well, your face is right there. I think it'd be more unnatural to avert my eyes, don't you?"
We were close enough for our breath to mix together. I was frozen by the thought that if I pulled too far away, the people around us would see—
Haruto: "Whoa?!"
Suddenly I felt something like electricity run through my abdomen. It was because Asahi's knee had moved a little against me.
Asahi/Ruu: "They'll find us if you're too loud!"
Haruto: "I-I know, but... don't move so much, okay...?!"
Asahi/Ruu: "I'm sorry. But it's hard to stay in the same position for too long..."
Asahi said, wriggling one of her legs back and forth.
Haruto: "Gh...?!"
Asahi/Ruu: "Are you alright? Getting tired?"
Haruto: "N-No, not tired, but..."
Asahi/Ruu: "Heheh, too {much} energy, then?"
Haruto: "Y-You're doing it on purpose, aren't you?! I know you are!"
Asahi/Ruu: "I have no clue what you mean! And don't I keep telling you not to make noise?"
She played dumb as her knee moved back and forth between my legs.
All the blood in my body flowed down to where Asahi's knee was touching. I tried to take my mind off it as best as I could, but it was impossible in this situation.
Asahi/Ruu: "Oh myyy, I can feel something hard here... I wonder what it is...?"
Haruto: "I-I'm exercising my right to remain silent...!"
Asahi/Ruu: "So coy... I'll have to poke around a little more to figure it out on my own, then#"
Her knee slid over to my thigh. I reflexively raised my hips, but there wasn't anywhere for me to run, so she cornered me nonetheless.
Her soft, springy skin stimulated my overly sensitive nerves.
Asahi/Ruu: "Rub rub♪"
Haruto: "Ugh... S-Seriously, quit it...!"
She had three of my senses under her thumb— sight, smell, and touch. It was getting harder and harder to maintain my self-control.
I closed my eyes to try to escape even a little from her control, but it had the opposite effect. Sealing off my vision merely sharpened my other senses.
I opened my eyes again and checked out the passersby. Someone was just walking by us. If I could hold out for a few more seconds—
Asahi/Ruu: "Yah!"
Haruto: "—?!"
Her leg brushed much more strongly against me, as if to say she saw through my plan. I felt no pain. In fact, the opposite sensation ran through my lower body.
Haruto: "Whoa?!"
I couldn't take it anymore and leapt up. I had no confidence that I'd be able to endure any more.
A passerby gave me a dubious look, but soon turned away and kept on like nothing had happened.
Haruto: "That went way too far for a joke!"
Asahi/Ruu: "Ahaha, I'm sorry. I guess I got carried away."
Asahi stood up, brushing off the grass from her skirt.
Asahi/Ruu: "I just want to tease you when I see you get all flustered!"
Asahi/Ruu: "And don't you think it's your fault for pushing me down like that anyway?"
Haruto: "I don't really have a comeback for that..."
It wouldn't have happened if not for me, so I can't say I'm completely innocent.
Asahi/Ruu: "That's right, it's all because you—"
Her mischievous smile was cut off before it could finish forming. Asahi turned her eyes to the outside of the park.
Asahi/Ruu: "......The scent... of a beast..."
Haruto: "Is something wrong?"
I couldn't hide my confusion when the mood changed so suddenly, but after staring outside the park for a little while, Asahi turned to me with her usual smile.
Asahi/Ruu: "I'm sorry to say this is the end of our fun time."
Haruto: "What do you mean?"
Asahi/Ruu: "This meddler is stubborn."
Haruto: "......?"
Asahi/Ruu: "I've got a brilliant idea. Why don't I leave this to you and make my escape?"
Asahi/Ruu: "And if someone has an awakening, that'd be two birds with one stone. Super convenient for me#"
Haruto: "Awakening? What do you—"
Asahi/Ruu: "Mm..."
Haruto: "—?!"
My question was physically cut off as something soft and moist pushed open my lips and invaded my mouth.
A sort of melting sensation I couldn't describe wrapped around my tongue—
Asahi/Ruu: "Phahh... We did it again, huh? No doing that with other people, alright?"
Asahi/Ruu: "Well? Have you remembered anything?"
Haruto: "...I..."
The revelation was screaming in my head, so loudly I had no idea how I'd forgotten about it until now.
Haruto: "I remember now. I have an enemy that I can't forgive, that I need to defeat..."
Asahi/Ruu: "That's right. Something precious was taken from you, Haruto. And right now, they're trying to take something else again."
Asahi/Ruu: "Look over there. That's something important to you, isn't it, Haruto?"
I looked over at the entrance to the park like I was urged to. Suddenly I was overcome by the sensation that all the blood in my body was boiling.
Haruto: "Hina!"
It was my sister, Hina—someone irreplaceable to me, who I had to protect.
I recognized the face of the man beside her too. That abominable one-eyed man I'd never be able to forget—
Haruto: "Headmaster Inui...!!"
More precisely, the Minster of Magic Inui, and the leader of the conspiracy ensnaring me.
Why is he with Hina... It couldn't be...?!
Haruto: "...You're going to take her from me again...!"
The hatred bubbling up in me raised my body temperature. The source of my rage was vague, like there was a fog around it, but I didn't care about that.
What was clear to me was that if I didn't defeat him here, I'd make another mistake that couldn't be undone. An incessant warning siren propelled my body forward.
Haruto: "...I won't let you do as you please. This time I'll protect her with my own two hands..."
It's survival of the fittest in this world. I have to be a predator if I don't want to be prey. Someone's words were circling through my mind like a spell.
That's right, I have to strike before he can... With the devil before me, there's no time for me to hesitate.
Haruto: "You people aren't right... You're not playing fair..."
When I shortened the distance between us some, they noticed me too.
Don't hesitate, don't worry, I should have a reason to do this—
A flame with all my hatred wrapped up in it—an attack with no shred of concern for my opponent's life exploded into the ground.
But all of my hostility wasn't enough to do the job. Dodging my magic, Inui turned to me with a chilling calmness.
Inui: "We'll have to reexamine the teaching policies at the Academy if that was a greeting from you."
Haruto: "Shut up! Get away from Hina...!!"
Inui: "What are you talking about? How could you have a sister?"
Haruto: "SHUT UP!! Hina's my sister! Hina, come here!!"
Hina: "Help me, Onii-chan... I'm scared..."
Haruto: "I'll save you right away!"
Inui: "Calm yourself. You're laboring under some misunderstanding. How about composing yourself and listening to what I have to say?"
Haruto: "SHUT UP!! I have nothing to say to you!!"
Flames crawled along the ground and devoured Inui.
Even if he was a Master-class Caster, his body was that of a flesh and blood human being. He could never withstand those flames.
But it didn't take long for the conviction I'd almost obtained to turn into an emotion much closer to fear.
Inui: "Good grief. No listening skills at all, I see. I'll just have to carve them into you, then."
The flames formed a circle around where Inui was standing. The whirl of flames reached up to the sky, formed a wave, and crashed down again.
Haruto: "Gwah!!"
A heat wave hot enough to burn my lungs swept by me.
When I timidly opened my eyes, Inui hadn't moved a step from that spot.
Inui: "Did you think an insignificant player like you could stand on the same stage as me?"
He spoke to me from a position of absolute authority, almost like he was scolding a child throwing a fit.
Just looking at him, I could tell that I would never measure up. There was an overwhelming divide between us I'd never be able to cross.
Inui: "I have no use for you anymore. I'll be using this puppet to further my plans."
Haruto: "—!!"
Images flooded into my mind. Abstract art of a tragedy I couldn't explain.
Were they memories of a past life, or prophecies of the future?
Haruto: "I can't... lose again!!"
I didn't care who it was. What it was. I wasn't particular about it.
What I needed right now wasn't to do right by someone.
All I wanted was the strength to defeat the enemy before me—
Haruto: "AAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaahh!!"
Power raged around in my hand as if to eat its way out from the inside.
An ominous premonition I couldn't identify—the forbidden feeling of committing a taboo. Like all my common sense and justness were being consumed by that power.
Haruto: "I'll do it... I have to do it...! This is all on you people!!"
I didn't care if I lost it all. If this was the end. I couldn't be concerned about appearances. The sensation of being backed onto a cliff called forth even more power in me.
Retribution. Retribution. Retribution for the absurd crimes committed against me—the power welling up in this hand could give them that. If no one but me could do it, then I had to be the one—
Haruto: "I won't let you take anything from me agaaaaaaaaaain!!"
I gave up thinking about anything anymore, and my surroundings were dyed white. I left control of my body to my screaming instincts.
As the divide between me and the world grew more and more unclear—the voice sank quietly, but deeply into my heart.
???/Asahi: "It's alright. No one's taking anything away. I'll save you."
???/Asahi: "We're partners, after all—"
A pure white heart, upfront and unafraid. I didn't know who it was. All I was sure of was that the owner of the voice knew who I was.
I felt an unshakable sense of security, whether it was irresponsible or not.
That's right. {That's} what's at her core—
Ruu: "Please don't think everyone can press on while only looking forward like you can."
Ruu: "Though in your case, isn't it more that you're afraid to look back?"
Asahi: "......"
How much truth does she see with her eyes? But rather than me right now—
Ruu: "Of course, all that 'it's for him' stuff is sophistry. Frankly, it's just easier to deal with him when he's like this."
Haruto: "Come on, explain it so that I can understand it already. It's no fair if I'm the only one out of the loop."
Ruu: "Oh, don't worry, we're done talking. Now, let's go, shall we?"
Asahi: "Wait! Give Haruto back!"
Ruu: "So persistent! I think you should really try to understand your position here."
She suddenly raised her hand and looked somewhere behind me.
Ruu: "Sensei! You got a minute?!"
Asahi: "—?!"
A teacher who had just emerged from a classroom came our way.
Ruu: "Come on, you'd better get out of here. Right now, you're nothing more than an outsider♪"
I only attended the Academy until last year. I snuck in wearing my old uniform, but if I'm questioned, they'll find out.
Asahi: "...I won't give up."
I need to pull back for now, in order to save him.
Even if I understood that, it didn't make the frustration fade.
All I could do was swallow my impatience and leave so that I didn't draw attention to myself.
For the time being, I headed outside to get a hold on the situation.
A few days ago, we were attacked on the roof of the Ministry of Magic and witnessed that phenomenon with our very own eyes.
Haruto had been in a lot of pain when the crystallized Fragments entered his body.
But when the same thing had happened to her, she'd reacted completely differently.
Fragments had rained down around her—it hardly seemed like a spontaneous phenomenon.
After the commotion, everything was still, like after a storm. She and Haruto both lay there like they were dead.
I'd tried to run over to Haruto, but she'd stood in front of me, blocking my way.
Ruu: "Non, non, non. He's Ruu's. He promised. Weren't you listening?"
Asahi: "You broke your promise to Haruto first! It's void now."
Ruu: "Whatever do you mean? I don't like to remember things that aren't convenient to me. If you really must have him though, I encourage you to take him by force!"
I wasn't intimidated by her flashing her Magi at me. All that made me do was try to be realistic. Could I get past those blades and rescue those two?
Senri: "You confuse stupidity for heroism because you're immature."
Asahi: "Are you trying to tell me to give up...?"
Senri: "Quitters won't get anywhere in life, but you're old enough to learn to be patient, aren't you?"
Ruu: "Whoopsie daisy. Looks like my precious little girl was taken from me while we were talking."
The girl, unconscious just like Haruto was, was slung over Senri's shoulder. He must have used me as a distraction.
Asahi: "......"
I knew it before he even told me. Right now I don't have the power to grant any wishes. If I was captured too, there would be no one to save the two of them. I made myself think those words.
Senri: "If you get that, turn tail and run. Remember how you couldn't do anything, and use that to fuel your future endeavors."
Ruu: "Excuse me, Senri, even you can't think you'll get away from me that easily."
Senri: "I'm not sure what would happen if we fought, but getting away should be easy enough. {From a place so flooded with magic}, anyway."
He spat out, and shot magic off immediately after. The layered, multicolored effects didn't appear to be for killing his opponent, but for preventing pursuit.
As a result, we had to leave Haruto and Atorin there, but successfully escaped the building.
Later, the whole mess was cleaned up by forcing all the responsibility onto the former Minister Inui Naochika. The Ministry would be dissolved.
There were many reports on the incident, but our existence was never brought up in them. I had no way of knowing what had happened to Haruto and Atorin.
But—
Asahi: "I will save you..."
I stroked the surface of the diary Haruto had repaired. The diary had told me that Haruto would be at the Academy.
But the diary didn't only give me useful information. Its original purpose was to notify me of upcoming tragedies. That was the same this time around as well.
Something will happen to Haruto. Something on a level that can't be compared to what's happened until now—
Asahi: "That's...?!"
I leapt into the bushes to hide. Two figures emerged from the school building. It was Haruto and {her}.
They were headed out of the school, arms linked intimately.
Haruto is likely being controlled by her. I have to find a way to free him from her curse.
I held down the desire to run straight up to them and decided to observe them from afar instead.
I can only overcome my trials if I figure out exactly what I have to do, after all.
I carefully observed them, intent on not letting a single clue pass me by.
But contrary to my hopes, nothing changed about the pair walking before me. They just looked like a close couple walking cordially through town.
Asahi: "......"
Something in my chest stung. What is this feeling...?
The moment I sensed that nameless unease, a clear picture entered my mind.
Haruto: "Stealing something? Are you stealing something from me?"
Ruu: "I'm talking about your heart!"
Asahi: "—?!"
A similar, but different scene than the one before my eyes flashed directly into my mind.
Suddenly it became unclear to me just what world I was in, and I hurriedly checked my surroundings. People walked through town—I realized once more that I was in the middle of tailing Haruto.
Asahi: "What is this...?"
It's not the first time I've fallen prey to this sensation. That day I stormed the Ministry, I experienced the same phenomenon.
Asahi: "That's right, where's Haruto—?!"
Confronted by an unexpected occurrence, I'd left my original purpose neglected. I hurried to find her and Haruto and saw that they'd also stopped, so that they weren't that much farther away from me.
There's something I have to do now, no matter what. I have to focus on what's in front of me—but I found that determination wavering again.
Haruto: "Stealing something? Are you stealing something from me?"
Ruu: "I'm talking about your heart!"
Asahi: "Huh...?"
My time stopped again due to the conversation the two of them were having.
They were about ten meters away from me. Their voices didn't carry to me through sound.
But the movements of their mouths supplied the words to me. The same words as the scene I'd seen in my mind a moment ago were replayed.
Deja vu—a solid sort of deja vu I'd never experienced before.
Asahi: "...No. Something's different here."
Deja vu happens because you've forgotten experiencing something that you did in the past. But it doesn't make any sense for those two to have been together before this; I couldn't have seen it.
But I've seen this scene somewhere before. Reality and my instincts clashed. I didn't think I'd find an answer that would satisfy both of them.
She and Haruto walked off again, smiling and completely unaware of the strange phenomenon I was experiencing.
Asahi: "...I have to go..."
No matter what happens after this, the goal I'm headed toward won't change.
What's important is that I overcome my trial and save Haruto.
I shook my head to clear away the haze and chased after the two of them.
They'd been walking around town this whole time, but when they reached the park in the business district, they stopped.
If I entered the park, there would be nothing to hide behind. I stayed outside and observed them as they sat on a bench.
Asahi: "...What are they doing?"
She was sitting on top of Haruto's lap. Their bodies were practically glued to one another in an act of absolute degeneracy.
Haruto had been flustered at first as well, but in the next instant he was putting his arms around her.
Asahi: "Here I am trying to save you, and what are you doing...?!"
I somehow held down the dark emotions that were threatening to rise up in me. Haruto's being controlled by her right now. It's Haruto who's being violated.
Asahi: "......"
They stood up from the bench, but right when I thought they were about to go somewhere else—
Asahi: "Ah, Haruto fell."
He must have tripped on something; he lost his balance and the two of them went tumbling into the bushes.
I thought they'd get up right away, but contrary to my expectations, they didn't seem to be rising.
Asahi: "...What's going on?"
I couldn't see into the bushes where they were from here. I'd have to get right up next to them if I wanted to see, but that would be the same as revealing myself.
Asahi: "......"
I kept back for a minute. I needed to use that time to decide whether I should attack or retreat.
Taking into account the risk of losing them, I'd decided to approach them no matter the danger, when they suddenly appeared again from the bushes.
Thank goodness, I didn't lose them—but I was only relieved for a moment before what I saw almost made the floor go out from under me.
There was no gap between them. Their locked lips linked the two of them together.
I was sure it wasn't Haruto's will. He was merely being manipulated by an inhuman villain.
I knew it in my head. But in my heart, blood was rushing. My heart throbbed, crying out in pain.
Why was my heart so shaken? A response to that question started spilling from my eyes.
Asahi: "Ah..."
I see, I'm upset by this. The proof of that slid down my cheeks in the form of transparent droplets and fell to the ground.
The pain of having something precious to you taken away. Regret. The fear of being left behind on your own. I'd felt similar things before.
It was the same as eight years ago—when I'd lost my mom, my dad, and my brother. That had been the beginning of a life where I had no choice but to believe in the existence of the Land of Dreams.
I recall them as painful memories probably because somewhere in my heart I've realized the truth. I can't keep my heart placid, because some part of me is refusing to dream.
"You're free to think of them what you will, of course, but they're not leading you to any Land of Dreams, that's for sure."
Those words threw my mistakes into sharp relief.
Still... Still, I have to overcome the trials that are given to me.
And one day, I'm sure I'll get to the Land of Dreams, so—
Again—this sensation. It's the same as before!
Haruto: "...I won't let you do as you please. This time I'll protect her on my own..."
Haruto: "I won't let you take anything from me agaaain!!"
No... He can't let that power consume him...
My voice didn't reach the Haruto in my vision.
The next thing I saw was a world where everything had ended—the conclusion of that tragedy.
Asahi: "H-Haruto... Answer me..."
Haruto showed no reaction to my quivering voice.
I fell to my knees in despair and heard someone's voice from behind me.
???/Touya: "So the day has finally come."
???/Touya: "Things are back in their proper place, and fate has chosen me, as I thought it would."
In my daze, I observed a pair of legs before me.
I slowly looked up. But the figure's face was obscured by a hood, and I couldn't tell who it was.
I didn't care to know, either. Right then, I was unable to accept the reality that I'd lost everything.
Asahi: "Haruto... please... open your eyes..."
My cries of grief reached no one. Instead, the harsh truth was thrust before me.
In the moment when I lost all attachments to the world, my body was enveloped in a dazzling light.
Asahi: "I swear... I'll save you... so just wait, alright?"
When he saw the phenomenon surrounding me, his attention was finally directed my way.
???/Touya: "I see, so that is your Dunamis."
"Dunamis"—that word was the trigger for me to remember everything.
This scene is an actual event I've experienced.
In other words... it's the tragedy that will befall me in the future.
There was just one way to overturn the ending of this story—to do it over again.
???/Touya: "Your continued resistance will lead me to discover whether or not fate has chosen me."
???/Touya: "Farewell, my dear 'trial.'"
The light of my Dunamis enveloped me. The final image I was left with was a strange face peering out at me from underneath the hood.
A familiar face stared at me with a smile mixing affection and madness—
Asahi: "...That's... right."
The images cut off and my consciousness returned to the world where my feet were planted firmly on the ground.
Asahi: "My diary entries weren't prophecies, but warnings for me, written by myself..."
I could come back from tragedies and redo them—that was my power, my "Dunamis." It was the true form of the diary that showed me the path to the Land of Dreams.
Haruto: "I'll do it... I have to do it...! This is all on you people!!"
Asahi: "...No... I have to go."
I was afforded no time to sort out the truths I'd just discovered.
Reality was an escalator.
Even if you stayed still, it would move along regardless.
It wouldn't stop for those whose feet weren't moving.
Even when you come face-to-face with tragedy, you're not given the time to accept it.
So I ran to Haruto's side.
I had to keep running.
To end his tragedy—
Haruto: "I won't let you take anything from me agaaain!!"
I had no idea what to do.
But it's been the same from the beginning.
I'm not good at doing things the smart way.
But I was sure of my objective, at least.
And as long as I didn't lose sight of that, I was sure a path would open to me.
Even if that path didn't lead to the Land of Dreams, I wanted to save Haruto.
Asahi: "It's alright. No one's taking anything away. I'll save you."
There's no guarantee that I'll be able to console him. But if I keep believing, I'm sure I can make it come true.
Asahi: "We're partners, after all—"
The only way to fulfill your wishes is through action. So I'll act, whether there's any basis for it or not.
That's what I always do, after all—
I felt a sense of security, like I was in my mother's arms—I have no mother, but I was able to imagine it felt something like this, anyway.
When you're embraced by someone you can place your full trust in, your worries and unease just fade away.
The fog cleared, and my surroundings were dyed in bright colors.
Asahi: "Mmh......"
I felt like the body heat on my lips was making its way through the rest of me. Like a powerful vitality was bringing me back to life. Like I was being reborn into a new me.
The heat flaring up in my core reined in the waves of power threatening to escape from my hand.
Asahi: "Mmh......"
My brain resumed its normal activity, as if I were waking up from a dream.
That's right, those Fragments were implanted in me that day... and I've been controlled by her power ever since then.
Haruto: "......"
But I can reach all the memories she'd been concealing from me now. How was I able to escape from her control?
Come to think of it, when she kissed me, she warned me not to do it with anyone else. I wonder...
Asahi: "Mh... mh..."
The moment I returned to rational thought, I discovered a mountain of things I had to process. But first of all...
.........
Asahi was still kissing me with her eyes closed. Maybe less kissing and more just pressing her lips to mine.
It's a show of affection, just pressing one's lips to another's. There's nothing indecent about the sensation. But Asahi's feelings still came through well enough.
Haruto: "...Mm, Asahi, I can't talk if we stay like this."
I gently took her shoulders and gave her a soft push, so as not to lose any of the intimacy of the situation.
Asahi: "Haruto...? You recognize me...?"
Haruto: "Of course. I dunno about other people, but I doubt I'd ever be able to forget about you, Asahi."
Asahi: "You're back to normal...!"
I felt like a different person than I was just a few minutes ago. A sane one, most certainly. At the very least, enough to want to punch the me who was calling such a hated enemy "Asahi."
Haruto: "Sorry, you had to save me again, I guess."
Asahi: "No, it's okay. You're my precious partner, after all. It's only natural that I'd save you."
Haruto: "But why did you kiss me...? Did you come to the same conclusion I did?"
Asahi: "Conclusion? I dunno, but a prince's kiss wakes up a sleeping princess, right?"
Haruto: "...You're not wrong, but I wish our positions were reversed. This is just kinda lame..."
Asahi: "Half of it was for your sake. But the other half was for mine."
Haruto: "For your sake?"
Asahi: "When I saw you being kissed, I felt like something important was being taken from me. So I wanted to take it back."
Asahi: "I thought that would be the only way to do it, but it wasn't like I was sure."
Haruto: "...But it's just like you to pull it off so easily, even when you aren't sure, isn't it?"
Asahi: "...I'm not as strong as you think I am, Haruto."
Haruto: "Asahi...?"
Asahi: "...It's nothing. Anyway, do you feel alright...? You don't hurt anywhere?"
Asahi's small hands patted me down all over, her face worried.
Haruto: "I'm fine. Whatever that was earlier has stopped now, anyway."
There wasn't even a trace left of that odd phenomenon I'd experienced earlier. My body had gone back to normal as if it had never happened.
Haruto: "Oh, right!"
I hurriedly looked around. The park was deserted. The perpetrator behind everything I'd gone through had disappeared all of a sudden.
Haruto: "...I wonder if she can tell that I got my memories back..."
If we want to be careful, we should act under the assumption that we're at a disadvantage.
Haruto: "Let's get out of here as fast as we can. We can't let ourselves get caught again."
I took off the Ring on my arm and stomped on it as hard as I could. I'd reached the end of my fake school life, so I had no need of it anymore.
Haruto: "Let's go. We can't stay here."
Asahi: "Right. But where are we going?"
Haruto: "...The entertainment district's our only choice, I think. They shouldn't know about it, at least."
We've got to find an opportunity to organize our facts...
Haruto: "Oh yeah, Riku-chan!"
Riku-chan's had her memories manipulated and is living a false life, just like I was. But after my escape, she may be in danger.
Haruto: "Let's meet up with Riku-chan first and take her with us to our hideout."
I fished through my pocket for my cell phone.
It was an unfamiliar model. They must have given it to me, but I do know that Riku-chan's number is in here.
Even with my memories back, I hadn't lost the memories from when I was being manipulated.
Riku: "Yes, hello, Haruto-san?"
Haruto: "Riku-chan, where are you right now?"
Riku: "Right now? I'm at the bookstore by the station."
Haruto: "Can we meet now, you think? There's something I really want to talk to you about in person."
Riku: "Huh...? I don't suppose it's, umm... something important...?"
Haruto: "It's very important. It has to do with our future."
Riku: "O-Our future...?!"
Haruto: "But it's not something I can say over the phone. I'd like to meet you right now, if that's possible."
Riku: "...Very well, I'll be right over. Where would you like to meet?"
I considered the distance from here to the station and the amount of people around, and gave her the name of the place that came to mind first. Riku-chan meekly agreed and hung up the phone.
Haruto: "Let's go meet up with her."
Asahi: "Got it. But Atorin's still all funny, right? Will she listen to us?"
Haruto: "Well, if she doesn't... I guess we've got your methods to consider."
Asahi: "My methods?"
There was no time to explain. Either way, she'd understand when it happened.
We were the first to arrive at the place I'd specified.
My anxiety worsened with every moment we waited. But before it could become too much, I saw Riku-chan running over to us from the other side of the bridge, her hair waving in the breeze.
Riku: "Hahh, hahh, I'm sorry it took so long...!"
Haruto: "No, I just got here too. Don't worry about it. Just catch your breath."
Riku: "Right... whew, whew..."
Riku: "...I think I'm alright now. W-Wait..."
Haruto: "Something wrong?"
Riku: "No, umm... You're not alone...?"
Haruto: "Huh? Is that a problem?"
Riku: "N-No, that's not it, just... Hm, so it wasn't..."
Haruto: "Huh???"
Riku: "I-It's nothing! More importantly, what was it you wanted to discuss?"
Haruto: "Right. First, could you lend me your cell phone?"
Riku: "Sure, I don't mind..."
She seemed puzzled, but Riku-chan nevertheless offered me her cellular terminal without suspecting a thing.
At the same time I took it from her, I pulled the Ring off of Riku-chan's slender wrist as well.
Riku: "Huh—?"
Her eyes went wide as if she couldn't understand what had just happened. I paid her reaction no mind and went into a big windup...
Riku: "Whaaaaaaaaat?!"
With a throw so graceful I didn't feel bad bragging about it, the Ring and cell phone drew a lovely arc in the air and fell with a plunk into the water, producing ripples on the surface.
Riku: "Wh-What are you doing...?!"
Haruto: "Sorry. But we can't have them knowing our location."
Riku: "I-I'll get in trouble without my Ring...!"
Riku-chan's philosophy on the Rings had done a complete 180. All of her memories of her time as the Collector and what was going on behind the scenes at Atori had been wiped.
If she hadn't been a Magi tester, but had been raised as a normal girl, maybe this is what she'd be like now.
Haruto: "I can't tell you everything right now, but I didn't have any choice."
Riku: "Haruto-san...?"
Haruto: "I don't want to stay here for very long either, if that's alright. Would you mind coming with us?"
I know it's asking too much. Since Riku-chan doesn't know our circumstances, she must think I'm acting really strange.
Riku: "Well... I'm not sure what to say to that."
Haruto: "...Yeah, I thought this might happen."
Riku-chan was reluctant, as I thought she would be. So far, this was within our expectations.
Riku: "If there's some reason for this, I'm afraid you'll have to explain—"
Haruto: "Alright, abduction time!"
Riku: "What?!"
Haruto: "Sorry, Riku-chan!"
I got behind Riku-chan while she was frozen in astonishment and covered her mouth, being careful not to be too rough.
Riku: "Mmg, mmgh, mmg?!"
Haruto: "Asahi, grab her legs! We'll carry her together!"
Asahi: "Huh?! Huh?!"
Confused by the sudden development, Asahi nevertheless did as I said and grabbed Riku-chan's legs.
Haruto: "There's an entrance to the underground drains nearby. Let's get her to there first."
Riku: "Mgggnnh?!"
There may not have been anyone around at the moment, but it was only a matter of time until someone passed by.
We jogged off with Riku-chan, Asahi in the lead between her legs, as though we were carrying a stretcher.
Asahi: "So Haruto, this is what you came up with when 'considering my methods'?"
Haruto: "Yep."
Asahi: "I'm not a kidnapper!"
Asahi: "...But it's not a bad idea."
Haruto: "I thought you'd say that."
Riku: "M—Mmmgggnnnnh!!"
On that happy day, kidnapping was added to our criminal history.
We arrived at our hideout in the entertainment district. When we opened the door, we were greeted with the exact same scenery we'd left several days before.
Haruto: "I'm sorry we had to be so rough with you. Just sit down and take a break for now."
Riku: "......"
Riku-chan curled up defensively and looked around the room. Guess she was wary from our rather aggressive tactics.
Riku: "...This is where you live, Haruto-san...?"
Haruto: "That's right. It's a bit strange, but it's not a bad place to stay."
Riku: "Hmm..."
She looked perplexed, like she'd wandered into another world.
Before, she'd have taken any roof over her head. She wasn't the least bit shy about living with a man she'd only just met, but that Riku-chan was nowhere to be seen now.
Asahi: "Haruto, you're not going to tell Atorin the truth...?"
Asahi whispered into my ear so that Riku-chan wouldn't notice.
Asahi: "We might be able to turn her back to normal the same way I did with you."
Haruto: "...I was thinking about it on the way here, and I wonder if it would be better not to for the time being..."
Asahi: "Why...?"
Haruto: "...I want a little more time to sort everything out."
We'd escaped the enemy's grasp and got this far. The Ministry of Magic was being dissolved and we had no new leads. It would be best to regroup right now.
But more than that...
Haruto: "...That's just an excuse... I'm not confident... that I'll be able to save Riku-chan..."
That scene at the Ministry flashed through my mind. The sight of her having someone precious to her stolen, with the sanctity of her own body violated, and her attachment to life thrown aside...
...Returning her to normal would mean reminding her of those memories too. And I don't have a way to come to terms with that now.
Asahi: "...If that's what you've decided, I'll support you."
Asahi: "But no matter how hard the truth is to accept, you can't look away from it forever."
Asahi: "...I won't look away either."
Haruto: "Asahi...?"
Riku: "Haruto-san!"
Haruto: "Yes! What is it?!"
Riku-chan got my attention, sounding a little angry.
Riku: "Wh-Who might that be...? You two seem very close..."
Haruto: "Ah, err, Asa—"
I cut myself off before I could finish. The Rikudou Asahi that Riku-chan knows isn't this one.
I could just insist that they had the same name, but there was no need for me to do something so overly-suspicious.
Haruto: "Err, Asa... Yeah, she's Asako-chan! Right, my friend, Asako-chan!"
Asahi: "...Asako?"
Haruto: "Isn't that right? Come on, introduce yourself!"
Asahi: "...That's the best you could come up with...? You don't have anything better...?"
Haruto: "...Well, I already said it, so I can't take it back now. Please, just go with it...!"
Asahi: "......"
Riku: "Umm, is something the matter?"
Haruto: "I-It's nothing! Come on, hurry!"
Asahi: "...I'm A..."
Riku: "A...?"
Asahi: "Asako..."
Asahi's shoulders were trembling, her face bright red.
Riku: "Asako-san. What are the kanji?"
Asahi: "K-Kanji?! Err, ah, ah... What do I do, Haruto...?!"
Haruto: "You can do it! Come up with someth—I mean, remember them!"
Asahi: "Wh-Whaaa...?! Er, mm, ahh#...!"
Riku: "Are you alright?"
Haruto: "She's fine, she's fine! Come on, tell her!"
Asahi: "Err... the 'a' in 'arigatou,' and the 'sa' in 'sayonara,' and the 'ko' in 'konnichiwa'!"
Riku: "......"
Riku: "...Erm, so it's all hiragana?"
Asahi: "Y-You could say that!"
She's probably not used to lying. When I saw how flustered Asahi was getting, I felt myself filling with guilt.
Still, I had no shortage of gratitude for her either as she pushed herself just to help me out.
Riku: "So, umm... what exactly is your relationship?"
Asahi: "Our relationship? Haruto and I are partners."
Riku: "Partners...? Like you have the same hobby?"
Haruto: "Y-Yeah, yeah! We met just by chance!"
Asahi: "It wasn't by chance. Our meeting was fated."
Riku: "F-Fated?!"
Haruto: "Asa... Asako-san? I think that's enough...?"
Riku: "I-I'm curious, so please explain!"
Asahi: "Haruto's one of the few with a chosen heart, so he was able to become my partner. He's not like other people. He has special qualities."
Riku: "Chosen... special... hawawa...!"
Haruto: "R-Riku-chan, are you okay...?"
Asahi's strange expressions are difficult for most people to interpret. But I feel like there has to be some other reason Riku-chan's getting so confused.
Asahi: "Don't worry, you're partners with us too, Atorin."
Riku: "Atorin? You mean me...?"
Asahi: "We can't tell you everything yet, but we want to be there for you."
Riku: "There for me...?"
Asahi: "Please believe us when we say we're sorry we forced you to come here, but we had to do it."
Riku: "Believe you... but if you don't explain things to me..."
Haruto: "I know we're asking too much, but we really can't explain."
Since I've decided not to touch on her memories, I can't give her frank answers to any of her questions.
I'm aware that what I'm asking is unreasonable, and knowing nothing about this, Riku-chan can't just accept things as they are.
Haruto: "Please! Just don't ask us anything right now! When we can explain, I promise we will!"
Riku: "...What do you want me to do, exactly?"
Haruto: "We want you to stay out of contact with anyone other than us. So don't go back home; just stay here."
Haruto: "...Of course, we can't force you. We know this is asking a lot, so if you want to go home, we won't stop you."
If she did, she'd be in a place we couldn't reach.
With her memory still manipulated, it's unlikely that the enemy would go after her, but since we have no way of knowing what they'll do, I'd like for her to be near us if possible.
We wouldn't have to worry about this if we just told her everything and got her back to her old self... but I didn't have the courage to do so.
Riku: "...And you absolutely won't explain?"
Haruto: "...I'm sorry."
If I could make up another lie, maybe that's what I should have done.
But I can't really say that's in my skill set. I've always been honest to a fault.
If I could just handle this better... Painfully aware of my own failings, I was about to give up, when—
Riku: "I understand. I won't ask anything, then."
Haruto: "Huh? You won't...?"
Riku: "If you won't answer any of my questions, then I have no choice but to resign myself to ignorance, don't I?"
Riku: "You've never been one to change your mind about something once you've made a decision, Haruto-san."
Haruto: "Do you mean you'll stay with us?"
Riku: "My family will worry about me, so I wouldn't like to stay for {too} long, but... I suppose I'll cross that bridge when I come to it."
Haruto: "Are you really okay with this...? I mean, maybe it's weird to ask about it when it was my request in the first place, but you really don't mind this, Riku-chan?"
Riku: "Well, I can't imagine you have anything untoward in mind for me, Haruto-san. I'm sure if you say all this trouble you've gone through is for my sake, it really must be."
Haruto: "Riku-chan..."
Riku: "And, you're similar, I think."
Haruto: "Similar?"
Riku: "You and Asako-san. Just by looking at your faces, I can immediately tell you're not being untruthful or acting with ill intent."
Riku: "That's strange, isn't it? I know you, Haruto-san, but this is my first time meeting Asako-san."
Riku: "But I feel like I can trust you. I'm not sure how to explain why, but I do feel that way..."
Riku-chan's memories should still be overwritten. I'm not sure if her dormant memories are influencing how she thinks, or if it's an effect of the sort of aura Asahi gives off.
Haruto: "Thank you, Riku-chan. I'm sorry we have to ask this of you, but I promise we're on your side."
Asahi: "We're partners, after all! It's only natural that we help each other out."
Riku: "Umm... is that 'partners' business also something we can't touch on?"
Haruto: "D-Don't think too hard about it! I think it just means we should try to get along!"
Riku: "Is that right? Ah, it slipped my mind in all the confusion, but I haven't introduced myself yet, have I?"
Riku: "My name is Atori Riku. It's a pleasure to meet you♪"
Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "What's up?"
Asahi: "Haruto, there's something weird about this Atorin. I felt a chill go up my spine."
Riku: "A-A chill?!"
Haruto: "No, no! She probably just felt a chill because a spider or something came to visit her back!"
Riku: "Oh, is that right? Now that you mention it, this place does seem somewhat lacking in the cleanliness department."
We'd never done more than the bare minimum of cleaning in the first place, and on top of that, we haven't been back here in several days. It hasn't been ventilated at all either, so the air was a little dusty.
Riku: "Umm, you wouldn't mind if I tidied up a little, would you?"
Haruto: "Tidied up?"
Riku: "I thought maybe I should clean."
Haruto: "Clean?!"
I couldn't hide my surprise when she suggested something so drastically removed from her previous self. I don't think I ever even saw the old Riku-chan cleaning.
Haruto: "You don't need to push yourself. If you can't stand it, I'll do the cleaning."
Riku: "No, I'll be availing myself of your hospitality, so you must allow me to do this much."
Asahi: "It'd be great if you would, then. We'll go buy something to eat."
Haruto: "Something to eat?"
Asahi: "Yeah, there's no food here, is there?"
There's probably nothing here from before that isn't past its expiration date. And we can't let Riku-chan suck on mayonnaise either.
Asahi: "Also, I've got something I want to tell you, Haruto. So could you come with me?"
Haruto: "Oh yeah...?"
Asahi lowered her voice and looked up at me. One of her hands gently clutched at my shirt. It was quite an unusual (and worrying) sight.
Haruto: "I got it. We're gonna go shopping then, Riku-chan, so can we leave the cleaning to you?"
Riku: "Yes, leave everything to me."
Haruto: "I don't think they will, but if anyone comes by while we're gone, don't answer the door, okay?"
Riku: "V-Very well."
Riku: "Th-There won't be burglars or anything, will there...?"
We should get back as soon as we can so that Riku-chan doesn't have to be feel so uneasy.
Asahi: "We should probably change first. We'll stand out in these clothes."
In the entertainment district, these Academy uniforms will draw people's eyes.
Following Asahi's advice, the two of us changed into the clothes we had here, then left Riku-chan alone and went out shopping.
====================I103.TXT====================
It didn't take us long to buy a decent amount of food.
I asked Asahi a question as I walked beside her with plastic bags hanging from both hands.
Haruto: "What was it you wanted to talk about?"
To compare conversations to playing catch, the speed at which Asahi typically returned the ball after receiving it was at a professional level.
She's able to respond quickly because she has her own clear thoughts on things. The action from catch to throw is rapid, with no calculating or bargaining to delay it.
That's why it was strange when the ball I was expecting to come back right away stayed with her instead.
Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "Asahi?"
I knew my voice was reaching her because she glanced at me silently before hanging her head once more.
Haruto: "Is something wrong? Does your stomach hurt, maybe?"
Asahi: "Hey, Haruto."
Haruto: "Yeah?"
Asahi: "I want to tell you something. Can we go for a little walk?"
The words weren't carefree, like if she was asking me to hang out a bit after school.
She seemed to be struggling with something, and though the thought of Riku-chan waiting for us back home flashed through my mind, I couldn't say no to her request.
Haruto: "Got it. Is there somewhere you want to go?"
Asahi: "Mm-mm."
She shook her head, so I decided to look for somewhere quiet as we walked. Some place where there weren't too many people.
In the end, the two of us walked side-by-side all the way to the end of the land.
The harbor was deserted, the sound of the waves hitting the island echoing around us.
Asahi said nothing on our way there.
I tried talking to her a few times, but she seemed to be putting something together in her head, so I decided to drop it.
Asahi: "Let's go over there."
Asahi had pointed in the direction of the vast blue sea. No land in sight.
Haruto: "Th-There? You mean the ocean...?! Like another country...?!"
Asahi: "No, I just mean the boundary between land and sea. I want to see the ocean up as close as I can."
Haruto: "Yeesh... that scared me!"
I only had such a ridiculous fear because I was talking to Asahi, I'm sure. It doesn't matter how reckless something is. If she says she's going to do it, she'll really pull it off.
That's what the person I know as Rikudou Asahi is like.
But her eyes, which always looked straight ahead, had a shade of melancholy in them today that didn't escape my notice.
Haruto: "Asahi...?"
Asahi: "Come here."
She walked off without turning back to me.
Asahi: "Here, sit."
With no more land before us, Asahi pointed down at her feet.
I looked down to find gentle waves lapping against countless tetrapods. I sat down with my legs dangling off the edge as I'd been instructed to.
My view was completely unobstructed for 180 degrees. The sea looked orange under the setting sun and the whispers of its waves made for a pleasant musical backdrop.
Haruto: "The sea is beautiful. Aren't you going to sit, Asahi?"
She remained standing imperiously, looking down at me. Her cheeks looked a little red, but that might have just been because of the light from the setting sun.
Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "???"
After a brief silence, Asahi finally bent her knees to sit beside me, but—
Haruto: "Wawah?! Wait, what?!"
Asahi: "Just be quiet and don't move!"
Asahi forced her bottom into the tiny space between my thighs.
Haruto: "Th-That's dangerous! You'll fall into the ocean!"
Asahi: "I'll make sure I don't!"
Haruto: "Y-You'll make s—wha...?!"
My objections fell on deaf ears and Asahi's small frame settled right between my arms.
Haruto: "......"
Asahi: "......"
The boundary between land and sea—from a geographical standpoint, Asahi and I were occupying the exact same latitude and longitude right now.
Haruto: "Umm... Asahi? What is this all about?"
Asahi: "I'm getting you back."
Haruto: "I'm not sure what you mean, but... you might get hurt if you fall... this is dangerous!"
Asahi: "Then hold me tighter so that I don't."
I didn't really understand what Asahi was thinking. But I'd been well acquainted with the fact that she would never yield once she'd decided on something, so I had to give up.
I held her tight with both arms so that she wouldn't fall into the sea. There was more of my body feeling Asahi's warmth directly than not.
Asahi: "Mm......"
She leaned back and her head rested against my neck.
I've heard that animals like cats and dogs rub their bodies against things in order to leave their scent on them.
A sweet, refreshing scent mixed with that of the sea breeze and tickled my nose.
Haruto: "Your head smells nice. Is it your shampoo?"
Asahi: "D-Don't smell it!"
Haruto: "Well, your head is right in front of my face. How am I supposed to not smell it? We'd have to separate, but that'd be dangerous."
Asahi: "F-Fine! Go ahead, just don't let go of me!"
With her permission, I closed the slight distance that had grown between us again.
Having Asahi in my arms like this gives me a strange sense of security.
It's a comfortable feeling, like dozing in bed in the morning.
Even in the same situation, if it were Riku-chan in my arms, I doubt I'd be so relaxed. And I can't really see myself hugging her so easily anyway.
Asahi: "......"
Asahi was silently watching the sea. Sunbeams sparkled like stardust on the open water.
Haruto: "Did something happen while we were apart...?"
The last thing I remember up on the roof of the Ministry of Magic was feeling relieved at seeing Asahi make her escape.
I only returned to myself a couple of hours ago, and I have no idea what Asahi's been doing in that time.
Still, I could imagine. I'm sure Asahi was frantically trying to save me and Riku-chan all the while.
We're partners, so we help each other. It's always simple enough when you ask Asahi. That's all she needs to say.
Asahi: "I was following you from the Academy ever since you went all funny. Just like she wanted me to."
Haruto: "...That wasn't me. I didn't want that."
Asahi: "I know. You were the one who really had something important taken from you. There's nothing more frightening than ceasing to be yourself."
Asahi: "But I was frightened too. I was terrified, thinking I might lose both of my partners."
Asahi: "That's why I have to get back as much as I lost. And get rid of her scent on you."
Haruto: "I get it. I'd like that too, so take as much of it as you can."
I pictured my polluted cells being purified one by one by Asahi.
The sky, the sea, and Asahi. There's nothing at all odd about putting these three things on the same level.
Asahi: "Hey, Haruto."
Haruto: "Hm?"
Asahi: "You have to really think about what to do with Atorin."
Haruto: "...Yeah, I know."
Asahi: "I don't hate Atorin the way she is now, but it's not good for her to be untrue to herself."
Asahi: "...Maybe I shouldn't be talking, though."
Haruto: "Asahi...?"
Maybe she didn't mean anything by those words, but they sounded so strange to me since they'd come from her lips.
Asahi: "This is important, so listen carefully. It might be hard to believe, but I want you to hear me out until the end."
Haruto: "Of course I'll listen. I'd never doubt your words, Asahi. I'll always believe you."
Asahi: "Thank you. If you're listening, I think I can say what I need to say."
She was being evasive, like she couldn't trust herself to follow through, but Asahi finally spoke clearly. She spoke as if to dispel all the worries I'd been having about her.
Asahi: "Do you know what time leaps are? I think I'm—no—I'm sure I'm doing them."
"I'll believe anything you say"—I said that, but her words were so drastically unexpected that mine almost became a lie.
A time leap. Moving through time into the past or the future.
Maybe people are more familiar with the term "time slip." They basically refer to the same phenomenon.
There's a slight difference between the two, though. Someone who "time slips" travels with their whole body, so there could be two of them at the same point in time.
On the other hand, during a "time leap," the person's consciousness alone travels into the past or future.
I think someone explained to me the difference between the two when I went to see a movie on the subject once.
That was a long time ago, so I don't really remember what the movie itself was about anymore.
Just that the protagonist went back in time over and over again to save themselves and those around them. I think there was this stuff about the butterfly effect and such.
But the exact contents of the film aren't important.
What needs to be stated is that these concepts are only applicable in the realm of fiction.
In a manga or anime, this would be the kind of scene where the ball thrown by the pitcher bowls the catcher over just to emphasize the might of the pitch.
I'd thought I was ready to catch it, and I'd had no intention of doubting Asahi's words, and yet I was left unable to accept the truth of the information she'd conveyed to me.
Asahi: "Every time I've come face to face with a tragedy, I've been going back through time for a second chance at preventing it."
Asahi: "When I went back in time, I'd lose the memories of what I'd experienced from that point forward. I don't know why, but that must just be how it works."
Asahi: "But I had one way to know the future after I'd returned to the past."
Asahi: "And that was my diary. The diary didn't contain prophecies, but warnings from a future me about tragedies I'd actually experienced."
Asahi stated this firmly, eliminating any hesitation or doubts she might have had.
Asahi: "I remembered everything at the park earlier. My memories of the tragedies I couldn't prevent prove it."
Haruto: "W-Wait a second! I can't keep up with all this...!"
Asahi: "It's alright, I'll wait until you've got it all sorted out."
Honestly, this sudden confession had made my mind go completely blank.
I was never very quick on the uptake anyway. I don't want to use my ignorance as an excuse... but unless I accept that as the truth, I won't get anywhere.
I should just figure this out point-by-point. If it's all uncertain from the start, I'll never be able to digest it.
First of all, would Asahi lie to me? No, Asahi would never deceive someone.
It surprised even me how quickly I was able to make that judgment, but Asahi's actions thus far have justified my faith in her.
So then, if time leaps are real, are they magic? Once upon a time, magic was the stuff of fiction too. And now it's such a huge part of society.
But this is nothing like the magic I'm acquainted with.
All I can do with magic is create flames. And the same goes for basically everyone else.
Even Master-class Casters are the same, just on a different scale.
That's why people like Yumi-sensei, with the ability to change magic attributes, are seen as special.
Just changing flames to water is something unique in the realm of magic.
Haruto: "...Could you time leap now if you wanted to?"
Asahi: "You're right, it would be easier if I gave you a demonstration."
Asahi: "...Retuuurn! Return to the paaast!"
Haruto: "Wawawah?! Wait, wait, don't go!!"
Asahi: "Gyuh...?!"
I reflexively hugged Asahi tight to me.
Asahi: "I-I can't breathe...!"
Haruto: "S-Sorry...! But wait! If you go back to the past, what'll happen to the Asahi here right now...?!"
Is nothing going to happen, or would like, her consciousness go somewhere else, leaving her body an empty shell? What would I do if it were the latter?
Asahi: "I have no way of knowing what happens to the me who stays here after I go back in time. But don't worry."
Asahi: "Since it's a mystery to me."
Haruto: "Huh?"
Asahi: "How I do it. I have no idea how I go back in time."
Asahi: "I remember having gone back into the past, but it's not clear to me how to use the ability. And every time I did it, it was after witnessing a tragedy, so that was hardly on my mind in the moment."
Haruto: "So it's like a superhero only being able to use his special ability when he's in a jam?"
Asahi: "Maybe. It'd make sense that I can't use it now, then. This situation is far from a tragedy, after all."
Asahi adjusted her position inside my embrace. Our bodies were still as close as they could be.
Haruto: "So, you can't really control it with your own will. But no trying it out, alright? It'd be horrible if something happened to you."
I don't know if I said the words purely out of concern for her, or if they were for my own sake—
Asahi: "I'm glad you're worried about me. It's been a really long time since I've had someone that feels that way."
She muttered contemplatively. I'd heard that she'd lost her family... from my dad. She's been working hard until now to overturn the prophecies in her diary, all by herself.
Haruto: "So if the diary has events that will actually occur in the future written in it, what does it say now? I'll help with whatever it is."
If Asahi will call me her partner, I have to do all I can to respond to her trust. Just letting her save me all the time wouldn't be right. It wouldn't be playing fair.
Asahi: "...It's gone now. It disappeared."
Haruto: "Disappeared? But why?"
Asahi: "I don't know. I know I had it right before reuniting with you in the park. But by the time I realized it, it was gone."
Asahi: "This is just a guess, but I think the diary's fulfilled its purpose."
Haruto: "Fulfilled its purpose...?"
Asahi: "The diary recorded tragedies that I'd personally experienced. But now it's gone. I think that means what happened in the park was the last tragedy I witnessed."
Haruto: "So you've been going back into the past and redoing things, but you haven't experienced anything beyond this point...?"
Asahi: "Most likely. I wouldn't be satisfied with any other explanation. I wouldn't have just dropped something so important to me."
Asahi: "...And I feel like what happened in the park was very different from trials I've overcome until now."
Haruto: "Something weird happened to me all of a sudden, so I don't remember it all that well, but... you saved me and got my memories back. Did something else happen?"
Asahi: "This time, that was it. But it wasn't like that the first time."
Asahi: "I couldn't stop your rampage, and something very bad happened because of it."
Haruto: "Something bad...?"
Asahi: "I can't remember exactly what it was. But someone wearing a hood appeared..."
Asahi: "And said... that my power was a 'Dunamis.'"
Haruto: "A 'Dunamis'...? How is that different from magic...?"
Asahi: "I have no idea. But it's a different kind of power. I mean, I've never heard of magic that lets you go back to the past."
A "Dunamis"—a power to cause different phenomena than magic. It's hard to imagine the existence of something like that, so I'm a little incredulous.
But Asahi's claims are dependent on the existence of powers that can't be explained by magic. And I have no intention of doubting what she says.
Then there's Ruu's power, which I've experienced personally—rewriting someone else's memory is far beyond the scope of what magic can do.
Asahi: "Whatever was coming out of your body back then... I think maybe that was a Dunamis too."
Haruto: "That was a Dunamis...?!"
Asahi: "Well, it wasn't the magic you usually use. That's a more likely explanation, isn't it?"
Haruto: "True, I don't know what that was either... but this is all too much to process right away..."
I looked down at my hands.
My memories were being manipulated then; I was seeing illusions that weren't there... and something had flowed out of me among the emotions roaring to the surface—
She says it wasn't magic, so it was a Dunamis... but it doesn't feel real at the moment.
Asahi: "No! Don't use that power!"
Haruto: "Huh? It's alright. I don't know how to do it. I was just thinking a little."
Asahi: "...Good. I don't remember what power your Dunamis had..."
Asahi: "But when you used it, something even more horrible than all the other tragedies I've witnessed occurred. I'm sure of that, at least."
Asahi: "So promise me not to use that power. Since it might cause another tragedy."
Haruto: "I got it. I'll promise. Not that I think my will really has anything to do with it."
A special power, separate from magic—do I really have something like that...?
Akeno: "The government started clonin' the guy. But things didn't go according to plan."
Akeno: "The clones didn't have the aptitude of the original. They kept gettin' the same results, no matter how many clones they made."
Akeno: "But they couldn't accept that. Their research began to focus on unlockin' the latent abilities of the clones."
The government wanted to use me to create more Elements, since the world is starting to run out of them.
My original had that ability. Does this Dunamis power have something to do with that...?
Haruto: "Come to think of it, who was the person in the hood you saw, Asahi...? They must know something about this, right?"
Asahi: "...I couldn't see his face clearly. But I knew him."
I thought I was used to surprises at this point, but the next thing she said let me know that I shouldn't have been so confident.
Asahi: "...It was my brother."
All the information I'd been steadily arranging suddenly toppled over like poorly-stacked blocks.
There's no one who's unfamiliar with the plane crash that occurred eight years ago—the Fall of Icarus.
It was a tragic accident caused by an inexplicable malfunction of the latest Magi technology that was built into the craft, the Triumph A2X.
The tragedy, said to be the origins of the anti-magic faction, has left its mark on society even now. Lots of people go to the memorial service they have for it every year.
There were no survivors among the crew or the passengers, and Asahi's brother was on that plane.
It was a horrible event, one that stole Asahi's last living relative after she'd already lost her parents in a different accident just before that.
But Asahi had said...
That the mysterious figure in the hood she'd seen in the park had been her brother...
Haruto: "You're sure...? It really was your brother...?"
I asked Asahi, who'd gone silent on our way back from the harbor.
Haruto: "I don't want to force you to remember all the awful things that have happened to you... but your brother was on the Triumph A2X, wasn't he?"
Her expression was uncharacteristically forlorn as she gazed downward, but after a short while, her usual strength returned to her eyes.
Asahi: "There are records of him boarding the plane, so I'm sure he was. And he told me he was going to be on that flight when he left that morning."
Asahi: "...I accepted his remains, too. The damage to his body made him unrecognizable, but there were tests done, so I'm sure it was him."
Haruto: "...Sorry for making you remember that."
Asahi: "Why should you apologize? I was the one who brought it up."
Asahi: "And I was only sad for a little while. Since I soon had the trials for overcoming my sadness."
Asahi: "If I make it to the Land of Dreams, I'll see my brother and my parents again. I always believed that."
Haruto: "...So that's what the Land of Dreams meant to you."
The "Land of Dreams" Asahi was always talking about, a paradise with no impurities or sadness... I learned what it really was for the first time.
Thinking realistically, you'll never again be able to meet someone who's died. The Land of Dreams doesn't exist anywhere. Even children know that.
But Asahi had to believe in order to go on. Such a young girl would never have been able to bear the solitude of her existence otherwise.
Anyone could come in with an outside perspective and tell her the truth, but it wouldn't be right.
Because I have the experience of learning I was a clone, I didn't point out the contradictions in what Asahi was saying.
What was really important was what she thought, and what she could do for herself.
Haruto: "Do you have some proof that the person in the hood was your brother...?"
I continued the conversation, though I chose my words carefully. It wasn't for any logical reason, but just because I thought that's what I should do from the way Asahi looked.
Asahi: "...I couldn't see his face. And his voice was different. But I thought it was him. The way he spoke... I didn't understand what he was talking about, but it was the same as I remember."
Haruto: "What did he say...?"
Asahi: "...'Your continued resistance will lead me to discover whether or not fate has chosen me.'"
Asahi: "'Farewell, my dear trial.'"
Well, the word "trial" is certainly familiar. Asahi's saying it all the time. It wouldn't be strange for her brother to use the same word.
But more importantly—
Haruto: "'My dear trial'... What's that supposed to mean...?"
Asahi: "...No idea. I think he meant me, but... I have no clue what it means."
Haruto: "Huh..."
Asahi: "Hey, Haruto."
Haruto: "Yeah?"
Asahi suddenly stopped and stood still. Her small hand grasped mine.
Asahi: "...Is there no Land of Dreams? Are my brother and mom and dad not there...?"
Haruto: "Huh...?"
Asahi: "......"
She looked up at me with that plea. It was the first time I'd seen her waver—
It made me worried that I'd had some misunderstanding.
It was like being told that the world is actually round back when everyone believed it was flat. You could call it forcing a preconception on someone, or indifference wearing a mask of trust.
Haruto: "......"
I had no idea what the emotions swirling inside me were, and I couldn't say anything. I felt like I had to, like staying silent wouldn't be right. Wouldn't be playing fair.
But before I could arrive at an answer to my confusion, Asahi cut those thoughts right off.
Asahi: "I'm sorry for saying something so strange."
Asahi shrunk and let go of my hand, walking off on her own.
Asahi: "Let's go. Atorin's waiting for us."
I wonder why I was so relieved to see her smile.
Haruto: "Wait!"
Asahi will always be there to save me. But this time, I felt that I couldn't rely on her so heavily.
On our way back to the entertainment district, I was feeling something like restlessness.
I finally realized the reason why when we set foot in a familiar neighborhood.
Asahi: "This is close to your house, isn't it?"
Haruto: "...It's not just close, it's right there. Not that it's actually my house anymore."
The streets I'd been through countless times hadn't changed a bit since last year.
I gazed up at the house I used to live in from right in the street. The mailbox at the entrance... Just the apartment we'd rented had a blank nameplate.
Haruto: "......"
There was no reason to play at a fake family anymore after I left. I doubt anyone's living there now.
I can't imagine anyone's lurking around here waiting to capture me. Still, I didn't want to stay too long. Just in case images I'd rather not remember started to surface in my mind.
Haruto: "What's that...?"
The smoking area just by the entrance to the apartments—there was white smoke coming from the ashtray stand.
It was coming from a single crumpled-up cigarette.
Naturally, being a minor, I had no experience smoking cigarettes and I wasn't particularly well-acquainted with the countless brands of tobacco there are out there.
But I recognized the brown filter that had been pressed into the ashtray.
I'm sure there are plenty of cigarette brands with the same coloring. Even though I told myself that, I couldn't help a certain possibility making itself known to me in my heart.
Asahi: "Haruto, is something the matter?"
Haruto: "...No, it's nothing. Come on, let's get home."
Even if it was the same brand, and if he was the one who'd smoked it, what would that mean?
The sight of him reading some files at home with a cigarette in his mouth flashed before my eyes. But I had nothing to say to him after all this time.
A rectangular frying pan—and the mixed eggs noisily hardening atop it.
Before they could harden completely, I started rolling them toward me. They weren't completely cooked yet, but the heat left in them would do the rest of the work.
After rolling them and letting the egg run a few times, they started to reach their final size. All I had to do then was lower the flame and adjust their shape.
Asahi: "Hey, Haruto, are the omelets ready?"
Haruto: "Yeah, I just have to cut them up and bring them over."
There was already rice, miso soup, and a salad on the table. Once I brought over the main dish, our dinner would be complete.
Haruto: "There, it's ready."
Asahi: "Waaah#♪ They look so good! Amazing, Haruto♪ They're in just the right shape♪"
Haruto: "This isn't impressive at all. Anybody could do this with a little practice."
Riku: "...Wh-What are you supposed to do if you can't do it with practice..."
Haruto: "Huh?! Uh, everyone has things they're good and bad at—"
Asahi: "He's right, Atorin. I can't do it either, so don't worry."
Riku: "R-Really?! Thank goodness... I've tried cooking several times, but I just can't seem to get the hang of it..."
Apparently the current Riku-chan isn't any different from the old one on that front.
Haruto: "But do you think omelets are gonna be enough for dinner? Do you really not mind, Riku-chan?"
Riku: "Of course not. They do have a reputation as a breakfast food, but it isn't as though you can't eat them at night, and they look wonderful besides."
Asahi was the one who'd requested tonight's menu. While we were shopping, I'd remembered our earlier promise and bought a frying pan to use for omelets.
Haruto: "Let's eat, then."
I sat down on the sofa and reached out for the food before me, but I stopped when I saw Asahi's wide eyes.
Haruto: "That's right, we have to say grace."
Riku: "Of course. We can't forget that."
Asahi: "Heheh♪"
Asahi grinned. I was glad I hadn't acted too soon. I put my hands together in front of my face.
Haruto: "Thanks for the food."
Riku: "Thank you for the food."
A moment after our words—
Asahi: "...Thank you."
Asahi muttered the words as if to confirm their weight. We all started in on dinner in whatever order we preferred.
Asahi: "This omelet is so sweet and tasty♪"
Haruto: "Good thing I didn't burn it, right?"
Riku: "The miso soup is delicious as well."
Haruto: "That's just instant, you know?"
Riku: "Hwangh?! I— I-I-I— I'm sorry for assuming!"
Haruto: "It's alright. Instant stuff can be pretty good, huh?"
Asahi: "Hey, are eggs your specialty, Haruto? You always made them before too."
Haruto: "I wouldn't go that far, but... they're nice and easy to make, I guess."
Asahi: "Then what's the food you're best at making?"
Haruto: "......"
Asahi: "Haruto?"
Haruto: "Mm, well, I don't really think there is one. It's not like I ever did all that much cooking anyway."
Asahi: "...Huh."
Asahi seemed to want to say something, but she didn't pursue the matter further.
My skills aren't so great that I'd boast about them, and it's not like I cooked every day. Yet I felt the guilt of lying, as a memory that seemed like an answer to the question had surfaced in my mind.
Riku: "Oh, I can't believe I forgot!"
Haruto: "Riku-chan?"
Riku-chan shouted, lifting her bowl.
Riku: "I-I'm sorry for making such a fuss while we're eating..."
Haruto: "It's fine. What is it, though?"
Riku: "I have something Asahi-san told me to give you, Haruto-san, but I completely forgot about it."
Haruto: "Asahi...?"
Asahi and I exchanged a glance. She shook her head, her cheeks full of food.
I suppose that's only natural. The Asahi Riku-chan knows isn't Asahi. It's the girl who manipulated our memories.
Haruto: "When was that...?"
Riku: "It was just after I received that phone call from you and was on my way to our meeting place."
Riku-chan saw Ruu just before meeting up with us...?
Haruto: "So what did she tell you...?"
Riku: "I just ran into her by chance at the station... and when I told her I was going to meet with you, she asked me to pass these along..."
She took out two small instruments from the pocket of her uniform—what looked like metal accessories. And I recognized them.
They were mine and Riku-chan's Magi. They were in their miniaturized forms, but I would never fail to recognize something I'd been using for so long.
Haruto: "Asahi gave these to you..."
Riku: "Yes. She said you'd probably need them sometime."
What could this mean...? Why would she do something to benefit us, her enemies...?
Not to mention, I had no use for these before I regained my memories. Sending them to me had to mean that she was fully aware that my memory had returned.
Riku: "Is something the matter?"
Haruto: "It's nothing. Thanks for bringing these to me."
I took the two Magi from Riku-chan. I couldn't use one of them, but I didn't feel like Riku-chan should be hanging onto it right now either.
The food I was bringing to my mouth seemed to taste different. We were still playing into their hands—
I lay down on the couch and stared up at the ceiling in the dim light.
Asahi and Riku-chan were sleeping in the bed behind the curtain. I was the only one still awake.
Haruto: "......"
What should I do from now on... There's the conspiracy, there's Riku-chan, and there's...
Asahi: "...Is there no Land of Dreams? Are my brother and mom and dad not there...?"
Asahi's family didn't die. They just took a journey to the Land of Dreams. That's what Asahi's believed up until now. That's why she's been heading there so wholeheartedly all this time.
But she'd met someone who might be her brother—more precisely, this was before her memories looped back—and she'd found a contradiction in something so crucial to her it could be called the reason for her existence.
She's been leaping through time with a power called a "Dunamis."
Even that's hard to accept on its own, but the very foundation of these trials of hers are being flipped on their head as well.
No matter how strong a person Asahi is, there's no guarantee her heart will escape from this unscathed.
And for that matter... maybe I'm already interpreting things in a way that's convenient to me.
.........
Questions I couldn't find answers to swirled around in my head. The ceiling I stared at in the silence offered me nothing in the way of comfort or solutions.
Ruu arrived at her destination, hardly able to contain her rising excitement.
This detention facility housed magic criminals. The building on the outskirts of Agartha was surrounded by tall walls befitting a prison.
The time had finally come—their plans were finally reaching the final stages. And that meant that Ruu would finally have the reunion she'd been waiting for.
Jailer: "Hey, what are you doing out here?"
It was the middle of the night, but there was still a guard at the entrance of the facility. Noticing Ruu, he grew alert and walked over.
Jailer's Thoughts/Jailer: (What could she want this late...? And she's so young, too.)
The thoughts of the man before her spilled out from him. His true voice flowed into her regardless of Ruu's will—it was because of this Dunamis that Ruu had become so twisted.
Ruu: "Do you mind if we chat a bit? I'd love to be friends with you."
Jailer: "Huh...? What are you saying? I don't have time to play around with kids. I'm on the clock right now."
Jailer's Thoughts/Jailer: (Now that I look closer, she's super cute! Ahh, I could really fuck a girl like this...)
Humans lie. These lies are critical for society to function. That's because a human's true nature is unbearably ugly, and if everyone exposed their true feelings to one another, the world would be hell.
Ruu had lived in that hell all this time. There was a time when she suffered because of the difference between things above and beneath the surface.
But ever since meeting him—his voice became the only one that mattered to her. Flowers bloomed in the desert that had been her world.
Ruu: "Eheh, you wanna fool around with Ruu? That's fine, as long as you do me a favor first."
Jailer: "Wh-What are you saying?! You shouldn't tease adults like that...!"
Jailer's Thoughts/Jailer: (Can I really fuck her...?! Shit, I wanna do this, and that, and maybe some of those...!)
Ruu: "Do you mind if we kiss first to get to know each other a little better? After that, we can do whatever you'd like."
Ruu's heart was pounding in anticipation of the reunion she'd be attending tomorrow, the one she'd been waiting for since last year. The curtains were about to rise on the world she'd be creating with him.
If you want to change the world, you have to act.
That's the only way to obtain the world you wish for—
====================I104.TXT====================
I was forcefully awakened from a deep sleep. Asahi knelt beside me, shaking me by the shoulders.
Haruto: "Mm... Asahi, what's up...?"
Asahi: "Look at the TV, the island's in trouble...!"
My head felt heavy and my mind not as clear as usual. Maybe because I had some trouble getting to sleep last night.
Haruto: "What's going on...?"
Riku: "Haruto-san..."
Riku-chan, who was already up, turned to give me a worried look.
In response to that look, I focused on the TV. What I saw was footage of the all-too-familiar Agartha station.
Haruto: "What's happening...?!"
What should have been a mundane sight had made me gasp, because the people on the screen weren't happily shopping or chatting with friends...
Every person captured by the camera was running in panic.
Reporter: "Can you see this?! Magic criminals who have escaped from the detainment center are rioting all around Agartha!"
Reporter: "Here at the station, several magic criminals are indiscriminately attacking civilians!"
The footage being captured in real time conveyed directly to the viewers exactly how dangerous the situation was at the site.
The reporter tried to add something, but at that moment—
Reporter: "Gwah!"
There was a huge explosion behind him. He almost lost his footing, but he managed to stay upright and looked toward the camera.
He appeared absolutely dedicated to his duty to report news of the situation.
Reporter: "BURST has arrived and is responding to the attack, but the scale is like nothing we've ever seen before, and they're not currently able to fully contain the riots!"
Reporter: "We've heard that aid is coming from off the island, but all citizens should stay inside until the situation is contained!"
The camera switched to the studio, where an anchor announced that an official state of emergency had been declared.
They went on to explain that this morning, there was an explosion at a facility housing OutCasts and other such criminals...
...And that taking advantage of the confusion, the criminals had all escaped into the city.
Haruto: "This is awful... Just imagine what's happening out there...!"
I don't know the full number of criminals that facility housed, but if they'd all escaped and were rioting in town...
There was no way just the BURST officers stationed on Agartha would be able to suppress them.
I'm sure everyone was equally anxious about the situation. We were no exception.
But just Asahi seemed to be reacting differently than I expected.
Haruto: "It's alright, if we're attacked by any criminals, I'll protect you."
Asahi: "...He's there."
Haruto: "He? Who...?"
Asahi's eyes turned to us from whatever faraway place she was looking at before.
Asahi: "In that footage... I saw my brother..."
Haruto: "Huh...?! Your brother...?!"
Asahi: "...I'm sure. He was only on screen for a second, but I'm sure that was him...!"
Asahi's brother, who passed away in a plane crash eight years ago.
Asahi's brother, who appeared just before she leapt through time.
And Asahi had just said that she'd witnessed him in the center of all this chaos. I had to wonder why on earth he was showing up now.
I have no idea what he looks like, but if he's been appearing around us... What could it mean...?
Asahi: "...I have to go."
That was all Asahi said before making to leave the room, so I grabbed her arm.
Haruto: "Wait a second! You don't mean to head to the station...?!"
Asahi: "I do. I have to make sure."
Haruto: "Y-You can't! You saw what's happening there, didn't you?! It's dangerous!"
Asahi: "Of course it is. But if I let fear trip me up, I won't get anywhere."
Asahi: "I'm going. So let me go. Please, Haruto."
Her tone was quiet, admonishing—it was almost like I was the one going into danger.
There was no winning this fight from the beginning. I knew that as soon as I tried to stop her.
Danger isn't much of a factor when deciding whether or not to act. What's most frightening is not being able to achieve your goals.
Even I was thinking that, so I'm sure she was way ahead of me. She gently removed my hand from her arm.
Haruto: "You're going no matter what, huh?"
Asahi: "Yeah, you can't stop me."
Haruto: "I know. Everybody knows that."
I felt myself smiling despite the dire situation. Rikudou Asahi will never hesitate. If stopping her won't work, I'll just have to protect her another way.
Haruto: "I'll go too. I can't let you go alone."
Asahi was surprised, maybe having been thinking I'd persist in trying to stop her.
Asahi: "...You saw what was happening on TV, right? It's really dangerous. You still want to go with me?"
Haruto: "Isn't that just what I said to you? You're the one who wouldn't listen first."
Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "I'm your partner. It wouldn't be right of me to ignore a partner when she's in danger. It wouldn't be playing fair."
Haruto: "You won't be able to stop me. No matter what you say, I'm coming along. And it would really not be playing fair for you to blow me off now."
Asahi gave me a meek look. After a short spell of silence, she sighed quietly.
Asahi: "I think I'm starting to understand how people around me feel."
Haruto: "Not even close. I wouldn't want you thinking you get it after just that. I'm nowhere near your level."
Asahi: "...I don't like you when you're mean."
Well, I don't want her to hate me, but I don't think I can budge on this point. No one would sit by while the beauty of the sky or the twinkling of the stars was debased.
Haruto: "You were listening, right, Riku-chan? We're going outside, but you should stay here."
Riku: "Th-This is too dangerous! Please rethink this!"
Haruto: "It's alright. You'll be safe if you stay indoors."
Riku: "I don't mean me! I mean you two!"
Haruto: "Oh. Hmm, well, we know it'll be dangerous."
Haruto: "But we have to go. We might find a lead on something important there."
Asahi's brother, who'd appeared in her memories—at the moment, he might be somewhere we can reach him.
And I'm sure he knows something about Asahi's power—her Dunamis.
"'I had no idea, so it's not my fault' is bullshit," someone once said. In order to do the right thing, you need to be thinking about things in the right way.
I'm not going to pay the price for not knowing about things anymore.
Learning the truth is a skill that's needed to survive in this world.
We stepped outside to find that the mood in the entertainment district was nothing like it usually is.
It wasn't anything like how the station looked on TV, but shops that normally would be in business now were hastily closing their shutters.
There were barely any pedestrians around and all of them were hurrying somewhere.
The riots hadn't spread here yet, but that was only a matter of time.
There were already a lot of people in the entertainment district who were unhappy with how the government does things. There was a good chance other OutCasts would take the opportunity to get involved in the trouble.
Haruto: "Let's hurry. We should try to do this as fast as we can."
There won't be many regular citizens walking around while the riots are going on.
That would mean our presence would stand out more and we wouldn't have to worry about just OutCasts, but BURST as well.
We headed for the city center, the both of us being equal parts careful and bold.
The closer we got to our destination, the more shouting, gunshots, and explosions we could hear.
We passed several policemen and BURST officers on our way here, but none of them had time to deal with us.
Everyone was desperate to fulfill their own duties.
Haruto: "We're almost at the station. Have you seen your brother?!"
Asahi: "I'm looking, but I can't find him...!"
Asahi was surveying her surroundings. She was panting after all the running we'd been doing.
Smoke was rising in several places. It was just like our attacks on those government buildings. I could smell order burning.
After I finished observing my surroundings, I was about to start running again, when—
I heard the sound of air being sliced—then the sound of concrete splitting from behind me.
I spun around at the same time my brain instinctually realized that magic had been thrown at us from somewhere.
A huge telephone pole had been broken at the base and was toppling down on us at that very moment—
Haruto: "Watch out!!"
A roar so thunderous as to shake the earth resounded as a cloud of dust enveloped us.
I fell to the ground after springing to shield Asahi. The telephone pole was lying on the ground right where we'd been standing.
I got up right away and surveyed my surroundings. I couldn't see any magic criminals.
Haruto: "You okay, Asahi? Can you stand?"
Asahi: "I'm good. But where did that magic come from?"
Haruto: "I don't know. Must have been from a fight going on nearby."
I found myself face-to-face with the fact that we were on a battlefield.
Haruto: "We can't turn back after coming this far. We've got to go forward."
Asahi: "I know. Let's go."
After Asahi stood up and dusted herself off, we took off running again.
When we finally arrived, there was no fierce battle like we'd seen on TV.
It was like the aftermath of a storm. There were several people remaining on the open roundabout in front of the station.
People crouched on the ground, bleeding, people lying on the ground, maybe unconscious—I saw police officers helping them too, but they were far from being uninjured themselves.
What I didn't see among them was BURST. I couldn't imagine they'd abandon their duties, of course.
They didn't even have the manpower to delegate anyone to relief. Agartha's order was on the brink of destruction.
Asahi: "Haruto, look...!"
I was standing there, dumbfounded at what I was seeing, but Asahi took my arm and shook it.
When I followed her line of sight, I shared her surprise—
Haruto: "A-Akatsuki...?!"
Akatsuki: "Haruto...? What are you doing here...?"
The friend I'd once been close to was standing there, completely unaffected by the chaos.
Haruto: "W-We're looking for someone—"
I unconsciously stepped forward, but I was held back.
Haruto: "Asahi...?"
Asahi: "He's dangerous. He's being ruled by his darkest emotions."
Asahi: "And he tricked us. Did you forget...?"
Akatsuki: "Haha, I knew Rikudou-san would be cleverer than you. You're the same as ever."
Akatsuki: "You don't know what it means to doubt people, so you end up tricked right away. Then you don't even realize you were tricked, so you walk right back over to the person who fooled you."
Akatsuki: "Will you learn, already? People aren't as honest as you think."
Haruto: "Akatsuki..."
The Akatsuki I knew, the one with the friendly smile, was nowhere in sight. When I compared the sight of him to the Akatsuki in my memories, the closest thing I found was that night at the mall...
Haruto: "That's it...! I think Akatsuki's being controlled...!"
I searched for a reason not to listen to what he was telling me.
Back at the mall a year ago, Ruu was there too.
Akatsuki wasn't like normal back then. It would make sense if he was being forced to act that way because of Ruu's power.
But that faint hope was crushed by what he said next.
Akatsuki: "I'm perfectly in control of my own actions. I'm doing what I want now, and I'll continue to do what I want in the future."
Akatsuki: "Just as you say, she used her power on me that day at the mall."
Akatsuki: "But it wasn't all fake, you know. The things I said that day, I'd been thinking them for a long time before then."
Akatsuki: "I didn't have any talent for magic, didn't have the character to be a hero. Yet I was still stuck with those expectations, and half-baked expectations are the most painful ones."
I'd had no idea Akatsuki was plagued by worries like that, even though I was so close to him. I share the responsibility for his deeds because of that.
Akatsuki: "I wish magic didn't even exist. I can't even ignore it. Those thoughts never leave my head."
Akatsuki: "She just gave me a little push. She released the desires I'd been bottling up, that's all."
Akatsuki: "So I have no intention of blaming other people for what I've done. It's all on me."
Akatsuki got blameless people involved and ended up hurting them. No matter his reasons, that can't be justified.
Asahi: "Is there something you need to say to him, no matter what?"
I'd run from Akatsuki back then. I didn't have the confidence to accept him after he'd committed a crime I couldn't understand.
No matter the mistake he made, I should have been there for him. Yet...
Haruto: "Akatsuki..."
I was about to do the same thing now. I was struggling to find the words to say to the person I should have been reaching out to.
At some point the unfair actions Akatsuki had taken began to overlap with those of the government and had become unforgivable to me.
Akatsuki: "I see, he told me to wait here so that I'd run into you."
Haruto: "'He'...?"
Akatsuki: "The person who's going to make my ideals a reality. I met him in the detainment facility."
Akatsuki: "In that prison removed from society, he gave me hope."
Akatsuki: "He taught me that if you want to obtain the world you long for, you have to act."
Akatsuki swung his arm—a blade of water cut between us.
Akatsuki: "Seems my role is to defeat you here. I'm not enough of a romantic to believe in fateful coincidences, after all."
Haruto: "Stop it, Akatsuki! This isn't right!"
Akatsuki: "Right, it isn't. So you'll have to stop me by force."
Akatsuki: "I'm a magic criminal who indiscriminately attacks civilians now, you know."
With the crossing of his arms, a blade of water cut into the ground. As the blade passed right by me, a spray of water hit my cheek.
Akatsuki: "You don't need to hold back against me. Ever since I endured that flood of Elements, my magic power's been off the charts compared to how it was before."
Akatsuki: "Ha! Ironic, isn't it? The moment I gave up, I got what I'd always wanted."
Haruto: "Akatsuki! I don't want to fight you!!"
Akatsuki: "What, can't fight a former friend? How about getting cut up by a former friend, then? Can you do that?"
Akatsuki's response to my attempt at persuasion was another physical attack.
Akatsuki: "Fight, hero! Don't betray my expectations. You have that responsibility."
I don't want to resolve things like this. Past ties to someone aren't something to be cut away so easily.
I can persuade him if we talk—that naive idea was crushed mercilessly.
Haruto: "Cough?!"
With an impact like a tree had smashed into me, I flew back several meters.
Asahi: "Haruto?!"
Akatsuki: "How long are you going to let these childish fantasies enslave you? The real world isn't going to wait."
Akatsuki: "There's no going back anymore. You've got to resolve yourself already."
Akatsuki: "Or did I expect too much of you? Guess we both couldn't live up to expectations."
I was nearing my time limit. I knew I had to make a decision. But still... I just couldn't fight Akatsuki.
A condensed mass of water sprang at me with palpable hostility. My legs were still weak from the damage I'd just taken.
Still, I managed to muster up enough strength to dive to the right. The attack barely grazed me, but it was almost enough to carry my whole body away. A chill ran up my spine.
The moment the water shot past me—I heard a voice and felt the world slowing to a crawl.
It was definitely a voice I recognized.
But why would Riku-chan be here?
She couldn't have followed us...?!
The questions were swept away by a sight that made me want to avert my eyes from reality.
Right where the flood of water was headed, an immobile Riku-chan—
Akatsuki changed the path of the magic quickly—and it crashed into the wall of a nearby building.
The power of Akatsuki's magic was tremendous enough to destroy concrete.
Haruto: "Ah—"
"Look out, get away"—the tragedy I foresaw wouldn't even allow me to get the words out in time.
My view of Riku-chan was cut off by the rubble raining down overhead.
Asahi: "Atorin!!"
Unlike Asahi, who took off running as fast as she could, I was stuck in place like I was paralyzed.
Haruto: "Ah, ah, ah..."
What's going on? Why is this happening?
My brain was trying to escape reality. But the sight before my eyes wouldn't allow it to.
Asahi: "Atorin, Atorin!"
Asahi ran straight to the rubble and started clearing it with her bare hands. Oh, I have to go help...
I moved my uncooperative legs, clinging only to hope.
When I arrived at the rubble, Asahi had stopped moving her hands.
Haruto: "Wh-What's wrong? We have to help her..."
Asahi: "......"
Asahi was looking down at her feet wordlessly. Her expression suggested a single possibility... I looked down at my own feet to escape it.
—A tragedy was buried under the rubble.
Haruto: "Ah..."
It wasn't my voice, but just a noise—a scream that spilled out from me, completely divorced from my will.
It was the noise of despair with not a sliver of room left for hope.
Haruto: "There's no way... This can't be..."
With reality thrust out before me, my body and mind were rebelling. There were tears blurring my vision, nausea and vertigo welling up in me, all of them distorting the truth of the situation.
Whose fault is this? Whose fault is this? Whose fault is it...?
I started looking for someone to blame even though it was meaningless to do so, as there was no way to turn this situation around.
Is it because we left Riku-chan alone in the apartment...?
Is it because I didn't restore Riku-chan's memories...?
I couldn't accept the fact that the fault was mine. Some self-defense mechanism made me point the blame at someone else.
Who killed Riku-chan?
That's right. It was... him.
I protected myself by forcing the responsibility onto someone else.
I prevented the collapse of my mind by creating a target for my rage.
Haruto: "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!"
I gave up on thought entirely and focused my whole being on action. Common sense and morality wouldn't get me anywhere. They'd only hold me back.
If I didn't kill Akatsuki, I'd kill myself.
The compulsion forced all my emotions into my azure flames.
The shadow didn't resist at all as my flames enveloped him—
Akatsuki: "...Sorry."
He fell to the ground, leaving me with only that.
Why did things have to end this way? I stopped thinking. I denied everything in this world.
I wasn't wishing for a future filled with happiness. I would have been satisfied with an average life.
If this world won't even grant such a modest wish, then I want nothing more to do with it. It can do whatever it wants somewhere I can't see it.
If there's no space for a piece like me to fit in, I'm not going to force myself to change shape.
So stop tormenting me—don't meddle any more than this.
As if in response to my silent scream, a terribly out-of-place noise rang out.
In this world with someone crucial torn from it, the mechanical announcement of the time resounded—the tempo seemed slower than usual.
It was like it was saying that even if I stopped, the world would go on without me.
I heard a small metallic sound. Since so many insane things had been happening up until now, the quiet sound stood out even more in my mind.
In the direction the sound had come from was a deserted bus.
It was one from a company that made frequent circuits around the island.
"Is someone there?"—the moment the thought crossed my mind, the bus flew into the air with a thunderous roar and a burst of flames.
The scene seemed to go by in slow motion.
The bus leapt up into the air and, eventually, began its descent under the inevitable pull of gravity.
The ground was burning—when I regained my thoughts, I noticed my view was inexplicably close to the ground.
Flames were spreading over the concrete. The gasoline from the bus must have caught fire.
"Right, the bus exploded and flew up into the air"—I recalled what had just happened to me. The large bus was right nearby.
It'll be dangerous if the flames spread to the bus. I've got to get away from—
I tried to stand up, but I couldn't feel my lower half, so I had to use my arms to pull myself along.
A figure slowly approached me in the dusty, hellish scene. The silhouette belonged to a girl I knew well.
Asahi: "Haru—"
Our eyes met. Asahi's expression relaxed for a moment, then froze. What's wrong?
Haruto: "A-Asahi...!"
I still couldn't stand, so I had to look up at her. I'd never seen an expression so distorted on her face before.
It was like her heart had been filled with sadness and anger and despair all at once—
Haruto: "Good... You're alright..."
I voiced what I was honestly feeling. We'd been through a lot of danger, so I was relieved to see Asahi's face.
Asahi: "I'm sorry..."
Asahi sank to her knees beside me, apologizing, though I wasn't sure what she was so sad about.
She slowly lifted my head and laid it on her lap.
Asahi: "I'm so sorry, Haruto..."
Haruto: "Why are you apologizing...? You haven't done anything to—"
Haruto: "Koff—"
My words were cut off partway through by something rising up in my throat and filling my mouth.
Haruto: "Koff, koff—huh... What is this..."
The liquid spilling from my mouth stained my clothes. I touched it with my hand and finally realized that it was my own blood.
Haruto: "I-It looks like I'm hurt a little... but I'm okay...?"
Asahi: "You're not okay..."
Asahi: "...Haruto... there's only half of you..."
How could there only be half of me? She never jokes, so at first I just thought this was a very bad attempt at one.
But when I looked with my own eyes, I understood. Ah, yeah, there's only half of me.
To be more precise, there was nothing below my waist.
My body was torn at the torso.
Something light pink was jutting out from the cut.
I never thought I'd be able to see my own guts.
Haruto: "Ah... there's only half of me... cough."
Asahi: "I'm sorry... I'm sorry, Haruto..."
Large tears rained down onto my cheeks.
No matter how strong a person is, when they're in pain, they'll cry. I remember my dad telling me that once.
Asahi's always faced forward and persevered through any hardships blocking her way.
A strong girl like that was crying for me.
When I thought about it, I figured maybe it wasn't all bad, things ending like this.
Suddenly I heard someone's footsteps. Wherever they'd appeared from, they stopped just nearby.
???/Touya: "Your continued resistance will lead me to discover whether or not fate has chosen me."
The owner of the voice reached out to Asahi.
I should have been able to see him, but my vision was blurry for some reason.
???/Touya: "Farewell, my dear 'trial.'"
Asahi: "Ah—"
The words seemed to spark a light that began to fill our surroundings.
???/Touya: "Say hello to the next me."
The voice seemed to hold a sense of superiority, or a nuance like it was announcing itself victorious.
If there were winners and losers at this conclusion, then we must have been the latter. We'd had something precious to us stolen, and had held the world that had toyed with us in contempt.
I don't know if it was because of the light or because I was losing consciousness, but whiteness was filling my vision.
If—
If I could do all this just one more time, if I could hold what I care about in my hands just one more time... I know I'd manage to protect them.
But my empty hopes didn't reach anyone's ears—
====================I105.TXT====================
Asahi: "...Retuuurn! Return to the paaast!"
Haruto: "Wawawah?! Wait, wait, don't go!!"
Asahi: "Gyuh...?!"
I reflexively hugged Asahi tight to me.
Asahi: "I-I can't breathe...!"
Haruto: "S-Sorry...! But wait! If you go back to the past, what'll happen to the Asahi here right now...?!"
Is nothing going to happen, or would like, her consciousness go somewhere else, leaving her body an empty shell? What would I do if it were the latter?
Asahi: "I have no way of knowing what happens to the me who stays here after I go back in time. But don't worry."
Asahi: "Since it's a mystery to me."
Haruto: "Huh?"
Asahi: "How I do it. I have no idea how I go back in time."
Asahi: "I remember having gone back into the past, but it's not clear to me how to use the ability. And every time I did it, it was after witnessing a tragedy, so that was hardly on my mind in the moment."
Haruto: "So it's like a superhero only being able to use his special ability when he's in a jam?"
Asahi: "Maybe. It'd make sense that I can't use it now, then. This situation is far from a tragedy, after all."
Asahi adjusted her position inside my embrace. Our bodies were still as close as they could be.
Haruto: "So, you can't really control it with your own will. But no trying it out, alright? It'd be horrible if something happened to you."
I don't know if I said the words purely out of concern for her, or if they were for my own sake—
Asahi: "I'm glad you're worried about me. It's been a really long time since I've had someone that feels that way."
She muttered contemplatively. I'd heard that she'd lost her family... from my dad. She's been working hard until now to overturn the prophecies in her diary, all by herself.
Haruto: "So if the diary has events that will actually occur in the future written in it, what does it say now? I'll help with whatever it is."
If Asahi will call me her partner, I have to do all I can to respond to her trust. Just letting her save me all the time wouldn't be right. It wouldn't be playing fair.
Asahi: "Give me a second. I'll get it out."
She took out the diary with the cat patch from the holster on her waist.
Haruto: "Huh...?"
Asahi: "What's wrong?"
Haruto: "Ah, no, it's nothing. I think it's nothing..."
After my mini-outburst, Asahi took her diary out. There was nothing strange about her having it, really...
So then why was I so flustered?
Asahi: "Look, this is my next trial."
On the page she opened up to were words she must have written.
"Haruto and Atorin and everyone died.
Failing in my trial, I was left all alone.
The loneliness I feel once again now becomes the darkest of emotions, gnawing at me."
"My wings torn from my body, light shines down upon me.
But I have no time to feel nostalgic.
My soul returns to this inescapable prison."
Haruto: "Ah..."
Images rained down on me in a flood—and this wasn't deja vu.
I was confident in asserting that I'd seen these things with my very own eyes.
Asahi: "What is it?"
Haruto: "Ah, nah..."
It felt like my brain was about to pop from the huge amount of information that had suddenly flowed into it.
I frantically wove my memories together so as to not lose any of them.
Magic criminals started a riot in town and we headed to the station in search of Asahi's brother, who she'd seen on the television.
We'd run into Akatsuki and gotten into an argument with him—
And after that there'd been a string of disasters. The deep sadness I'd felt then was still carved into my heart.
To confirm my suspicion, I hurriedly checked my watch.
My phone had served that purpose while I was going to the Academy, but now that I didn't have one, I carried a small pocket watch instead.
When I looked at the notches that indicated the date, my suspicions grew into conviction.
This is the day I escaped Ruu's control and reunited with Asahi—the day before the riots.
Asahi: "Really, are you okay? You're acting kind of strange..."
Asahi's Dunamis sent her consciousness into the past—in other words, it allowed her to perform "time leaps," she'd said.
Right before my consciousness cut off, I was lying on Asahi's lap, bathed in some sort of light. If that was her Dunamis activating, I'd be able to explain this as my mind having been returned to the past.
Then what about Asahi...? If she was enveloped in the same light as me, then she should have been affected by the Dunamis as well, especially since it was her power, not mine.
Haruto: "......"
Asahi: "Come on, Haruto, say something. You're making me nervous being all quiet like that."
Haruto: "S-Sorry. Err, do you know what'll happen after this, Asahi...?"
Asahi: "Were you listening? Didn't I say I don't?"
Asahi: "...Really, are you alright?"
There were signs of it in that short exchange. Unlike me, Asahi had no memories of what had happened.
Why didn't Asahi remember? Why was {I} the one whose memories had returned to the past?
This phenomenon was so far outside the realm of normality that my questions were endless... but when I was able to understand the bare minimum of what had happened, I was filled with a sense of relief so intense that I'd never be able to express it in words.
Haruto: "Mmph#...!"
Asahi: "H-Haruto...?!"
I hugged Asahi as hard as I could.
We had almost parted eternally. I never thought I'd see those unclouded eyes of hers again.
Thankfulness for this miracle that had been given to me in the depths of despair flooded through me. I felt Asahi's warmth in my arms and knew that the sensation was real.
Asahi: "...Are you crying...?"
Haruto: "Huh...?"
Tears had started spilling down my cheeks so naturally that I hadn't even noticed them myself. I wasn't sad, and I didn't want her to think I was, so I tried to wipe them away quickly, but—
Asahi: "Wait. I'll do it."
Asahi brought her face close to mine—
Asahi: "Mmh."
She gave a loving kiss, filled with kindness, to the drops that had spilled from my eyes.
Haruto: "Wh-What are you doing?! Th-That's gross! Tears are like sweat, you know!"
Asahi: "It's not gross. They're beautiful tears."
Asahi: "A little salty, though."
Ignoring my confusion, Asahi moved her face toward the cheek she hadn't kissed.
Asahi: "I'll do this side, too. Turn your face?"
Haruto: "Ugh..."
I gave up resisting and obeyed her command. I couldn't refuse when her eyes were so close to mine.
Asahi: "Mmh."
I felt her soft lips pressing against my other cheek too.
Asahi: "Is that all of them?"
Haruto: "I'm alright now. Any more and I'd be ruining your health with too much salt, so I'll hold off."
Asahi: "Heheh, I'll wipe away your sadness, Haruto."
Haruto: "Because we're partners?"
Asahi: "Yep. Precious partners."
People are only partners if they help each other equally. They're not on equal terms if one side is always saving the other.
I want to be by Asahi's side. In order to do that, I have to accomplish what I can...
Haruto: "I'll protect what's important to you too, Asahi. I will."
The sense of purpose rising up in me cleared my head.
Asahi didn't remember the previous tragedy. She either hadn't recalled it yet or had completely forgotten it.
Whichever one it was, I decided to keep what had happened then hidden away in my heart.
If I choose the same exact actions as last time, I'm sure we'll end up at the same conclusion. But I won't let that happen. I'll never let something like that happen again.
But if I acted too differently, I'd have nothing to work with. I wouldn't be able to use my experience of that tragedy.
I was aware that I was in a very difficult position. I had to change the future, and in order to do that, the present had to change as well.
Knowing what will happen in the future is an opportunity I'll never get again.
What should I change and what should I not—a difficult question that probably had no right answer. Sometimes the smallest decisions can have a great effect.
Haruto: "This time, I'll protect you, Asahi."
In order to limit the future to one I can predict, I'll keep quiet about what I remember.
Now that I knew what path I had to tread, the scenery all looked different to me. This must be the place Asahi had been standing alone in until now.
A trial like those Asahi has overcome many times before now stood before me.
Throwing in the towel with only that one obstacle in my way wouldn't be right. It wouldn't be playing fair...
Haruto: "Asahi, can you stand? There's somewhere I need to go."
Asahi: "Where is it?"
Haruto: "...To face something I've been averting my eyes from."
What you need to make decisions at critical junctures isn't intelligence or good judgment.
You just need the courage to step out into the dark—
I thought I could feel my heart rate climbing as we neared the place we were heading toward.
It's alright—I'm prepared for this. If I'm the only one who can do something, then I have to do it.
Haruto: "That's right. Asahi."
Asahi: "Yes?"
That uncertain-looking Asahi flashed through my mind. I didn't want to see her make that face ever again.
Haruto: "I don't know where the Land of Dreams is. It might not even exist."
Asahi: "Haruto...?"
Haruto: "But you know, no one can say for sure that it doesn't. Nobody really knows if there is a Land of Dreams or not."
Haruto: "So let's just say there is. If we can't prove there isn't, then we can just go with whatever works for us."
Haruto: "There's no need to listen to what other people say. What's important is what you think and how you act on it."
I spouted off that illogical reasoning in order to cheer Asahi up. I couldn't possibly save anyone with my advice.
The least I could do was not lie to her. That was all.
Asahi: "...Thanks."
Looks like my awkward (but earnest!) encouragement didn't come off as some kind of lame joke, at least.
I wanted to convey my feelings a little better—to try a little harder—but this was the best I could do.
The sun was setting and our surroundings were suddenly growing dark. I checked my watch. It was almost 6.
Asahi: "This is the house where you used to live, isn't it...? Do you need something here...?"
Haruto: "This might all be a waste of time, but I don't want to use that as an excuse to avert my eyes from all this."
I checked the ashtray stand near the entrance of the apartments.
All the cigarette butts were sunk into the water that had pooled up in the middle.
Haruto: "......"
The last time I was here, one was still smoldering atop the ashtray.
I feel pretty sure at this point that the person who smokes those cigarettes will show up here soon.
I don't know the exact time, but since we hurried, we got here a little sooner than we had before.
...For the rest, I'll just have to leave it up to chance.
.........
In order to do the right thing, I have to hope that my hunch is on the right track. I know in my head that that's true.
But I can also tell that somewhere in my heart, I'm scared. I can feel the coward within me peeking out every so often.
Haruto: "Asahi, can I ask you a favor? Could you give me a slap on the cheek, as hard as you can?"
Asahi: "Why? I don't want to hurt you."
Haruto: "It's not me. It's the other me, the cowardly me, who deserves to be slapped... but I know if I do it, I'll end up going easy on myself."
Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "Please. You don't need to hold back."
Asahi: "...Alright."
Making up her mind, Asahi wound up.
Asahi: "HAAAAaaahh...!"
Huh? Wait, er, don't you think that might be over—
Asahi: "HMPH!"
Haruto: "Gyaaaaaa?!"
Looks like she took my comment about not holding back far more seriously than I thought she would. But thanks to that, my cowardly self was flung way off into the distance. I feel like some other important things might have gone off with it, though...
Haruto: "Yowch#... OKAY...!"
Asahi: "A-Are you alright?!"
Haruto: "Thanks. I think I got some courage from that."
I could taste iron in my mouth, but I swallowed it down so that Asahi wouldn't feel guilty about it.
Asahi: "That hurt, didn't it...?"
There was no need for her to worry, but Asahi looked at me with concern and gently stroked my cheek. Her cold skin felt pleasant against mine.
Asahi: "Oh, a car's coming. Let's move."
We got out of the street, but it turned out we didn't need to worry.
The car slowed down before reaching us and pulled over onto the shoulder, its hazard lights blinking.
The engine stopped and the driver's side door opened. Upon getting out of the car, its owner quickly noticed us.
Yuuji: "...Haruto, huh...?"
My father—or the man playing that part, at least—Mutsumi Yuuji stopped, a surprised look on his face. My guess was right on the money. The cigarette really had belonged to...
.........
I couldn't falter. What I needed was courage. I couldn't lose to my desire to run away.
Haruto: "...We need to talk."
It took all I had to squeeze the words out, and though the night was quiet, it felt like they might disappear in it.
Yuuji: "......"
There was so little strength in those words that I feared he might have missed them entirely—but when I opened my mouth to repeat myself, I was stopped by his.
Yuuji: "...Let me hear it."
A criminal had appeared before him with no prior warning, but instead of questioning him, he was poised to listen.
I could feel my eyes growing hot because of the warmth in his voice...
Yuuji: "......"
I told him that there would be a revolt at the detention facility tomorrow, and that the magic criminals would all escape.
The confusion and suspicion I'd been expecting had, sure enough, shown up on his face when he heard what I had to say.
Yuuji: "No one's unaware of how much of a threat magic criminals are."
Yuuji: "We're fighting for our lives even if it's just one of them. You're plenty aware of that, too."
Yuuji: "Putting guys like that all together in one place means the management has to be real stringent."
Yuuji: "So you can tell me there'll be a breakout all you like, but it's pretty hard for me to believe."
Of course. I would never expect something like that to happen if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes.
Yuuji: "...Where are you getting your information? How involved are you?"
Haruto: "Well..."
If I told him I knew the future... he probably wouldn't believe me.
In order to explain to him that I'd leapt through time, I'd have to go into the entire circumstances, and even telling him the whole truth, it's still pretty unlikely that he'd believe me.
Yuuji: "Tell me. What is it that you're—"
Yuuji: "......"
He scratched his head as if to rub out the aggression creeping into his voice.
Yuuji: "Sorry, occupational hazard. I don't want to force you to talk or anything."
Haruto: "...I'm aware that I'm being unreasonable, and that I haven't explained enough for you to believe me."
Haruto: "But I want you to believe me anyway. If they start a riot, the destruction will be immense."
Haruto: "I can't stop it alone... I need your help, Dad."
In order to stop the riots before they happen, we need the power of BURST and the police. There was only one person I knew who could get them moving.
Yuuji: "......"
He looked at me for a short while as if trying to determine the truth of my words, then gave a little laugh as his shoulders dropped in defeat.
Yuuji: "I'm sure we're both rusty, but what do you say?"
Haruto: "Huh...?"
He went back to his car and opened the trunk. Taking out some things from inside it, he tossed one over to me.
Haruto: "Whoa...?!"
I scrambled to catch the object thrown against my chest. The unique scent of leather suddenly hit my nose.
It was a familiar black glove.
Yuuji: "You haven't forgotten how to throw, have you?"
He put his own glove on and hit it with his fist while I was struggling to keep up.
Yuuji: "Here I go. Get ready."
Haruto: "Huh? Huh? Wait!"
The ball came flying at me regardless of my readiness. I had no reason to play along.
But even so, I reflexively stuck the glove on my hand and reached out to catch the ball coming toward me.
The dry sound of ball hitting leather echoed through the twilit neighborhood.
Whoosh, fwap, whoosh, fwap—the sound continued regularly, almost making me feel a sense of purpose behind it.
Haruto: "......"
Why am I doing this...? I came to stop the riots, but all of a sudden I find myself playing catch.
Yuuji: "......"
For how regularly the ball passed between us, there were no words exchanged. I'd have no idea what to talk about anyway.
If he said something to me, I'm sure I'd be able to answer, at least, but he just silently threw the ball as well.
Neither of us showed any sign of breaking the silence. When an impetus finally came, it was from someone other than us two timid men.
Asahi: "You're both good at that."
Asahi watched the ball flying back and forth through the air. She almost looked like a cat.
Haruto: "There's nothing impressive about this. We've just been doing it for so long—"
I swallowed the words I'd been about to say. Memories I'd locked away had been about to revive in me, and I didn't want to feel their warmth.
My catch partner opened his mouth as if he'd been waiting for the opportunity.
Yuuji: "Are you getting enough to eat?"
I caught the ball that flew at me alongside his words.
Haruto: "...You asked me the same thing a little while ago."
Yuuji: "And you didn't answer. So I'm asking again."
Haruto: "...What's that got to do with it?"
Yuuji: "......"
When I displayed my rejection to him, something like loneliness showed up on his face. I felt an emotion like guilt welling up in me... but why did I have to be bothered by this at all...?
Asahi: "We're getting enough. Haruto's a good cook."
Haruto: "A-Asahi...?!"
Yuuji: "I see. Guess I don't need to worry about how you're getting on."
Yuuji: "......"
I threw the ball hard to hide the embarrassment I was feeling.
Yuuji: "Once upon a time, I told Haruto to be there for you, but it looks like your positions have reversed now."
Asahi: "That's not true. Haruto's always there for me. He's my precious partner."
Yuuji: "...I see. Guess you've made some good friends. I didn't need to be so worried, huh?"
He smiled self-deprecatingly, looking between Asahi and me. Like a parent observing the growth of his child.
Haruto: "......"
I'd always had a question—a curiosity I hadn't been able to discard, but if I asked, it would be the same as acknowledging my attachment to the past.
...But I had to ask it. The very air around us seemed to push me toward doing so.
Haruto: "...Hey, why'd you take part in the government's plan...?"
More precisely, why had he accepted the role of the subject's father? My father?
I'd always watched him defend justice. If his convictions weren't false, then he wouldn't have participated in such an unfair plot. So why had he worked with them?
Yuuji: "...You know I'm investigating that plane crash from eight years ago, right?"
Haruto: "The Fall of Icarus, yeah. Your colleague was a victim too, wasn't he?"
Yuuji: "Right. I was in the CTRP back in the day, and this guy joined at the same time as me."
Yuuji: "Eventually I joined BURST, but he left the CTRP a little before me and was put into public safety."
Yuuji: "Unlike us, the guys running around by the sweat of their brow, public safety was full of elites. Though our work suited both of us."
Yuuji: "One day, I figured out he was going after some big case, though he couldn't break confidentiality and actually explain it to me."
Yuuji: "Is the government involved? You sure this information is good?"
Colleague: "I don't have proof of anything yet, but I'm pretty sure of what I know."
Colleague: "I can't tell you any of the details, but I have plans to meet a man a few days from now. You know the Triumph A2X?"
Yuuji: "That new aircraft with the Magitronics built into it?"
Colleague: "Yeah, the leak said that the guy I'm after's gonna be on that plane. We don't know how much of this they're on to, so I'm the only one who knows about this."
Yuuji: "Hey, can you really tell me all this top secret stuff...?!"
Colleague: "It's because I know your lousy sense of justice will never waver. I can trust you to not tell anyone."
Yuuji: "I'm not sure if that's a compliment or what... So? You telling me all this 'cause you want my help?"
Colleague: "No, I don't want to get you involved yet. I've got just one favor I want to ask, though."
Colleague: "If I die, will you pick up where I left off?"
Yuuji: "Die... Are they after you...?!"
Colleague: "I'm not worried about it right now. But I wouldn't be surprised. That's the kind of group I'm dealing with."
Yuuji: "......"
Colleague: "Don't worry about me. I don't want you to have to wipe my ass either. I'm gonna do everything I can to make sure that doesn't happen."
Yuuji: "That was the last time I saw him alive. The next time we met was in the morgue after the plane crash."
Haruto: "No...! Did they crash the plane just to silence him...?!"
Yuuji: "If that's all they were after, there were plenty of ways to do it without causing such a huge disaster."
Yuuji: "But I still couldn't believe the Fall of Icarus was just an unfortunate accident caused by engine trouble."
Yuuji: "I dug up all the clues he'd left behind that I could, but somebody erased most of the information."
Yuuji: "Soon after the accident, his whole house went up in flames. They suspected arson, but it was quickly chalked up to electrical failure."
Yuuji: "I chased after what little clues remained. Over years and years."
Yuuji: "And I finally uncovered some research the government was doing. A plan to clone the man who was the source of all Elements."
Haruto: "The clone plan is connected to the Fall of Icarus from eight years ago...?!"
Yuuji: "I still don't know exactly how they're connected. But it's probably the same people behind both of them."
Yuuji: "I got into the plan in order to find out the truth. Used somebody I could trust to put a good word in for me."
Yuuji: "I took the job of observing the clone, playing the role of your father. Selling off my justice piece by piece as I did."
...I feel like I finally get it. The Mutsumi Yuuji I know wouldn't participate in a plan like this unless his circumstances really necessitated it.
Haruto: "...I understand. But that doesn't mean I forgive you."
Yuuji: "I wouldn't expect you to. No matter my reasons, I deceived you, and it only makes sense you'd resent me for that."
Yuuji: "It wasn't like I wasn't resenting myself, either. It may have all been to expose their conspiracy, but I was contributing to their evil just the same."
Haruto: "......"
Yuuji: "But I started thinking differently when I saw your innocent smile."
Yuuji: "You were born to further their goals, sure, but no matter what you think about it now, you can't change the past."
Yuuji: "You can't change how you were born. So you just have to try to be thankful that it happened."
Yuuji: "I started trying to think like that. Trying to fulfill my role as your father so that I could think like that."
Haruto: "......"
He can think so simply because it isn't about him...
But my objections seemed like nothing but a child throwing a fit when he stared at me with his eyes so earnest. I couldn't say anything back to him.
Yuuji: "Hey, do you remember the last time we played catch?"
Haruto: "...Of course I don't. Why would I remember that?"
Yuuji: "Oh yeah? I remember it. Hina poked her head out the window and said she'd cut some apples for us, and you dropped the last ball I threw to you."
Haruto: "...Okay, maybe that happened. What about it?"
Yuuji: "There's no white line drawn between fair and foul in real life. Nobody knows for sure what's right and what's wrong."
Yuuji: "That's why all we can do is believe we've hit the ball and take off running."
Yuuji: "Don't you think so?"
I'd lied. The conversation we'd had a year ago was still fresh in my memory.
What was fair and what wasn't—I'd always clung to that distinction. I'd believed it was the right thing to do.
...But now I feel like I really understand those words. What's right and what's fair can't be measured out for everything.
Asahi and Riku-chan, Akeno-san, and my own voice—everything I'd experienced until now was giving me a little push.
This path I'd finally noticed might've been something my dad told me about way back at the beginning.
Haruto: "...Hey, can I ask you one thing?"
I'd told my dad about the future because I didn't have any other way of preventing the riots. I still didn't want to change the future any more than I had to.
But there was still one thing... one thing I needed an answer to, whether it allowed the future to get away from me or not.
Haruto: "If someone with a horrible past has forgotten about it, do you think it's right to leave them ignorant?"
Haruto: "Is it wrong to keep hiding the truth from them? What do you think...?"
I wanted someone's help—no, Dad's help—so I threw him the impossible question along with the ball.
The white ball left my hand and landed squarely in Dad's glove with a pleasant {fwap}.
Yuuji: "......"
Yuuji: "You have to decide for yourself. There's no right answer. No matter how much shouting the outfielders do, it's the pitcher's job to strike the batter out."
Yuuji: "Even if he gets a hit, nobody but the pitcher can make the decision to throw a fastball or a sinker."
Haruto: "...But in baseball, the catcher's there to help him think things over."
Yuuji: "You're right. So I'll give you a little bit of advice."
Dad looked down at the ball in his hand and smiled.
Yuuji: "No matter how much you regret the past, you can't change it. But you can't erase it either. It's part of what makes you who you are."
Yuuji: "What would you think if it were you? If you want to know what they're thinking, you have to think about things from their perspective."
Yuuji: "You need integrity and strength if you want to help someone. But what's most indispensable is..."
Haruto: "What's indispensable...?"
Yuuji: "...Empathy. I think the ability you need most is the empathy to understand someone else's pain."
Haruto: "...Empathy."
Thinking about things from another person's perspective—I'd been trying to think of things from Riku-chan's point of view, sure.
But with my dad's words, I felt almost like my eyes were opening anew. Like I'd just been looking at the surface, when what I really needed to do was think deeper...
Yuuji: "Last pitch!"
He wound up for much longer, and the pitch, stronger than the ones before it, flew straight at my chest.
The ball hit right in the center of my glove with a pleasant {thok}.
The impact seemed to echo all the way from my hand to the core of my body.
Haruto: "...Nice throw."
Our father-son reunion had happened practically by coincidence—and yet, the curtains finally closed on the game of catch we'd played with our souls.
I stood by Asahi and watched him put the ball and gloves back in his trunk.
Haruto: "That's right, the cigarettes."
Yuuji: "What? You're not smoking, are you?"
Haruto: "No, not me, you. Aren't you itching for one right now?"
Yuuji: "Hm, I guess so. Come to think of it, I haven't had one in a while today."
He took out a cigarette from his pocket, lit it, and took in a long drag before exhaling the smoke.
Yuuji: "How'd you know I needed a smoke?"
Haruto: "J-Just a guess. Since I've always seen you smoke a lot."
Yuuji: "...Guess I do."
The nostalgic scent drifted to me over the breeze, and I felt almost like the wall of time between then and now, between him and me, was breaking down.
Haruto: "Anyway, about the prison tomorrow—"
Yuuji: "I know. But I'm not in BURST anymore."
Yuuji: "It'll be hard to get them moving on info I can't guarantee... but I'll do something."
Yuuji: "Are {you} okay, though? I know you—you're probably doing something crazy, aren't you?"
Haruto: "...It'd be a lie to say I wasn't, but if I just ran away, nothing would change."
Haruto: "And I'm not alone. I've got my partners to look after me."
If it were just me, I'm sure I would have reached my limits and bit the dust by now. I'm only able to face my dad like this because of Asahi, and—
Haruto: "Once this is all set straight, you think we can meet again?"
Yuuji: "If you want to see me, come whenever you like. Just don't make me visit you in prison."
With that final exchange, Dad got into his car and drove off.
Asahi suddenly looked at my face while we were on our way back to the entertainment district.
Haruto: "Wh-What is it...?!"
Asahi: "Hrm#..."
It sounded like the growling of some unknown beast.
Asahi: "I knew it. You're not the same Haruto."
Haruto: "Not the same? What's—"
She grabbed my cheeks and pulled on them—
Haruto: "Hgeeh?! Hgeehh?!"
Asahi: "Oh, sorry."
Haruto: "Ouch... what was that for...?!"
Asahi: "I thought maybe you were wearing a mask."
Haruto: "Well, now you know I'm the real thing... And you could check if I was wearing a mask without pinching me, couldn't you?"
Asahi: "Are you mad...?"
Haruto: "...No."
Asahi: "You're lying. You're mad. You won't look me in the eye."
Haruto: "I'm not mad."
Asahi: "You're mad."
Haruto: "I'm not mad."
Asahi: "You're not mad."
Haruto: "I'm mad. Ah, that's not what—"
Asahi: "See! I knew you were mad."
Haruto: "Ahhh geez, I'm not mad!"
I stopped relying on words and decided to show my feelings through actions instead.
Asahi: "H-Haruto?!"
Asahi squirmed in my arms. I could see her cheeks turning red out of the corner of my eye.
Asahi: "Wh—Wh-Wh-Wh-What are you doing?! This isn't the time for that!"
Haruto: "...I want you to share your courage with me."
Asahi: "Haruto...?"
She stopped trying to escape from my embrace.
Haruto: "If there is a right answer, it's the one you come to yourself, right?"
I was trying to come to a decision.
But there was a certain level of determination I required, and unfortunately I didn't currently possess enough courage.
That's why I was trying to pick up some of what I was lacking from Asahi. Though I wasn't sure if such things could be given to other people, even through physical contact.
Asahi: "...You don't need mine."
Asahi slowly, gently pushed us apart.
Asahi: "You have everything you need inside you already. Like you've been reborn."
Haruto: "That'd be nice."
I know exactly what I need to do.
Now I just need to find the determination to do it...
Riku: "Oh, welcome back, Haruto-san."
Returning to our apartment, I was greeted by Riku-chan, who was sitting on the couch.
Haruto: "Sorry we kept you waiting so long."
Riku: "It's alright. I just got done cleaning, myself."
The room was much tidier than it had been when we'd left. Was Riku-chan really cleaning the whole time we were gone?
Riku-chan cleaning, huh... I think it's wonderful for a girl to have domestic interests.
The old Riku-chan would never have cleaned.
But still...
Riku: "Asako-san, I'll help you put away the groceries."
Haruto: "It's not good enough. It just isn't good enough like this."
Riku: "What isn't good enough?"
Haruto: "Riku-chan."
Riku: "Y-Yes...?!"
I grabbed Riku-chan's shoulders, facing her. If you don't know what's right and what's wrong, you just have to believe in yourself and take off running.
Haruto: "Let's go buy some ketchup!"
Riku: "K-Ketchup...?"
Haruto: "We bought stuff for dinner, but I just realized that's the one thing we forgot."
Haruto: "Asahi, sorry, but could you watch the apartment?"
Asahi: "...I got it. I'll be waiting for you two."
Riku: "I-I'm pretty sure Asako-san isn't Asahi-san..."
Riku: "And if you just need some ketchup, I could go and get it myself...?"
Haruto: "That won't work. We have to go together. You can pick whichever kind you like, Riku-chan. Okay?"
Riku: "What?! Is picking between them that important?!"
That was just an excuse, of course. I only wanted to leave because I didn't really want to do it here, in front of Asahi...
Asahi: "Come on, get going. I'm starving. If my stomach ends up stuck to my back, it'll be your fault, Atorin!"
Riku: "Th-That would be terrible! I understand. Let's go right now, Haruto-san!"
I succeeded in getting Riku-chan to come along with me.
I can't mess this up, not now that Asahi's given me her encouragement too.
Riku: "Umm, how far are we going...?"
Riku-chan spoke up, suspicious of my attempt to find somewhere quiet outside of the entertainment district. We could have just gone to the nearest convenience store to buy ketchup, after all.
Haruto: "...This is probably good."
The bridge that connected several districts of Agartha—there were some cars crossing it, but I didn't see any pedestrians on either side.
Riku: "Haruto-san...? What is it...?"
She asked me nervously, seeing how strange I was acting.
Haruto: "Can I ask you something?"
No matter what her answer was, what I had to do wouldn't change... but now that the time had come, I still wanted someone to encourage me.
Haruto: "If someone important to you had a past so terrible they wanted throw their life away, but they'd forgotten about it..."
Haruto: "I think I'd tell them about that past. It might only be for my own satisfaction, but I think I'd have to."
Haruto: "What do you think, Riku-chan...?"
I'm still looking for help. I'm fearful of losing what's important to me. I'm just a coward, afraid of making a mistake.
I'm ready to do this, but I have to ask before I take the plunge.
Riku: "Haruto-san...?"
I wasn't surprised she was having trouble answering such an abstract question without any explanation. Riku-chan looked at me with confusion on her face.
Riku: "......"
Still, she must have sensed what I meant. She put a hand to her chin and thought about it, and then...
Riku: "If that's what you think, Haruto-san, don't you think that's fine?"
She replied with a gentle, accepting smile.
Riku: "If you came to that answer by thinking about the other person seriously, if you were doing it for their sake, then I think it would probably be best."
Riku: "I think you're capable of that, Haruto-san."
Haruto: "...Thanks, Riku-chan."
Even with her personality and mannerisms having changed, Riku-chan was still saving me.
In that case, I'd protect her too, no matter what happened. I'd be her strength.
We're partners...
Haruto: "Could you close your eyes?"
Riku: "Huh?! Wh-Why?!"
Haruto: "Because I'm embarrassed. Come on, pretty please?"
Riku: "Hawah, o-okay!"
Riku-chan laced her fingers in front of her chest and closed her eyes.
I put my hands on her shoulders and brought my face in close. Strangely, I'm not nervous. It's probably because it's not my feelings for her moving me, but a sense of duty toward her.
I can't be sure she'll be freed from Ruu's power by doing this, but I have to believe.
After all, it's always a kiss from a prince that wakes the sleeping princess...
Riku: "Mm..."
Our lips touched. Hers were trembling slightly.
It might be more apt to call it "lip-to-lip contact" than kissing. And I know that's partly because of my inexperience in this area.
Riku: "......"
While I was thinking things like "her lips really are soft" and "if the prince's kiss wakes the princess, does that mean with me, Asahi was the prince and I was the princess?" Riku-chan's trembling ceased.
I timidly opened my eyes to find nearly-emotionless eyes staring back at me.
Riku: "......"
Haruto: "Riku...chan...?"
I slowly pulled my face away, but before I could gain much distance, I heard something slicing through the air and saw movement out of the corner of my eye.
Haruto: "Bpht?!"
I felt an impact, followed by heat on my cheek. I realized I'd been slapped when I looked back at Riku-chan while holding my face.
Riku: "Are you alright?"
Haruto: "Y-You were the one who hit me..."
Riku: "And I apologize, but I was rather shocked to find you doing something like that out of the blue."
Riku: "In fact, you should be thanking me for letting you off the hook with just that. I should be suing you for sexual assault, in all honesty."
Haruto: "M-My face hurts, but it sounds like you're back to normal...!"
The change in her expression was striking. There was no timidity in her anymore, just the brusque face of the Riku-chan I knew, the strength in her core shining through the gaps in her expression.
Haruto: "If your memories are back, you're probably okay, but do you feel strange at all...?"
Riku: "My head feels like it's going to pop. Everything's all mushed together..."
Holding her temples, Riku-chan suddenly turned her back to me.
Haruto: "A-Are you okay?!"
Riku: "I'm okay. Please just give me a minute."
Riku: "...I don't want you to see my face right now."
I knew this would happen. If I returned her to the old Riku-chan, those horrible memories of hers that were sealed away would return too.
How she'd let Akeno-san die... How she'd tried to destroy the source of that tragedy with no regard for her own life...
I wasn't so insensitive that I couldn't imagine what sort of face she was making.
Haruto: "Riku-chan, err..."
Riku: "Why do you look so constipated?"
Haruto: "What?! Why are you facing me?! That was way too fast!"
Riku: "Were you getting some words of consolation ready for me? If so, I won't be needing any, so please hold on to them for now."
Haruto: "You won't be needing any... But how could you get over it all so easily?"
Riku: "It wasn't easy. I lost myself over it once, after all."
Riku: "But there's no point in lamenting something that's already happened, is there?"
Riku: "Crying and praying wouldn't bring Akeno-san back. In fact, she'd just laugh at me."
Haruto: "......"
Riku: "Of course, I don't intend to forgive her, either. I'll make her regret picking this fight with me so much that she'll wish she were dead."
Riku: "And to do that, I need to properly understand the current situation. So please, explain it to me."
Riku: "Where exactly do we find ourselves now?"
Haruto: "Riku-chan..."
It looks like I was hugely mistaken. Riku-chan was looking straight toward the future, contrary to all my worries.
Haruto: "...I don't know what to say. You're too strong."
Riku: "You were the one who taught me all this back then, Haruto-san."
Haruto: "I did? When?"
Riku: "I thought you'd say that. Don't worry your pretty little head about it."
Haruto: "Huh??"
I had no idea what she meant, but it was a nostalgic feeling.
Yeah, this is the Riku-chan I prefer...
Riku: "Time leaps, hmm...?"
I gave Riku-chan all the information I had.
I didn't need to worry about the future changing by talking to Riku-chan. After all, it had already changed from last time now that her memories were back.
Haruto: "I don't blame you if you don't believe it. I couldn't really believe it myself after hearing it from Asahi until it actually happened to me."
Riku: "I believe you. It's none other than you telling me, after all."
Haruto: "Riku-chan...!"
Riku: "I can't imagine you could come up with such an elaborate lie, Haruto-san."
Haruto: "......"
Yeah, I kinda thought she'd say something like that.
Riku: "So Asahi-san's brother might know something, and he might appear tomorrow."
Haruto: "Right. I told my dad about the riot at the prison, so it shouldn't happen this time... but we'll have to wait until tomorrow to see how the future's changed."
If the magic criminals don't make their escape, that should influence the course of future events. Tomorrow could end up being completely different.
Riku: "I see. Then for now, let's get going."
Haruto: "Get going... where?"
Riku: "We need to buy some ketchup, don't we?"
I'd completely forgotten about that. I was so focused on the more important of my objectives that the ketchup had completely slipped my mind.
Haruto: "...This feels really nostalgic. Even though not much time has actually passed."
Riku: "And yet you seemed pretty pleased with the other me, didn't you?"
Haruto: "W-Well, I was being controlled too! I couldn't really help it!"
Riku: "How indiscriminate of you. Would you take any version of me as long as I looked the same?"
Haruto: "W-Well..."
Haruto: "......"
Of course not. The Riku-chan I want to see is the only one that actually exists.
Haruto: "I'm glad you're back to normal. I really mean that."
Riku: "I'm not going to keep cleaning, you know."
Haruto: "You don't need to. I can do the cleaning from now on."
Even if they look the same on the outside, if the inside's different, then they're different all the way through. There's no replacement for what's truly important to you. Take it from a clone like me.
Haruto: "You don't need to do anything like that, Riku-chan. Just laze around in bed."
Riku: "What, are you trying to make me sound even worse than I am?"
Riku: "...I could do it if I wanted to, you know. I hope you realize that."
Riku-chan averted her eyes, clearly embarrassed. Now that's an image I won't soon forget.
Asahi: "Harutooo, is it done yeeet?"
Haruto: "Just give me a minute."
Riku: "Two girls hurrying a boy to finish the cooking. Mm, quite a fearsome picture, if I do say so myself."
Asahi: "Why? Haruto's the best cook out of all of us."
Riku: "That's true. These things should be left to the one who's best at them. Let's leave it at that. For our sakes as well."
Asahi: "Hunh?"
Haruto: "It's done. I'll bring it over now."
I scooped my cooking onto the plates. The yellow ellipses steamed in the way they do when they're just ready to eat.
Asahi: "Wow! Omelet rice! Look Atorin, it's omelet rice!!"
Riku: "I can see that. Are you and omelet rice long-lost lovers or something? You're way too excited."
Asahi: "Boo, you're not excited? You don't need your plate, then."
Riku: "That's ridiculous... Hey, stop that, that's mine!"
Haruto: "Don't fight. Let's eat in peace, alright?"
Asahi wasn't very surprised when I returned with Riku-chan, who'd regained her memories.
In fact, she was already back to acting like she used to. She must have figured out what I was going to do.
Riku: "But really, if you could make this, why didn't you ever make it before? We've had plenty of burned eggs, though..."
Haruto: "...I guess I just didn't feel like it. But omelet rice is my specialty, so I would never burn this."
Asahi: "It smells so good...! I'm sure it'll taste great. Let's eat!"
Riku: "Yes, let's—"
Haruto: "What? What are you doing...?"
Riku: "What am... I'm eating... And why do you suddenly look so scary, Haruto-san?"
Haruto: "Because you're trying to eat it when it's not ready, Riku-chan. It's not omelet rice yet."
I placed the ketchup bottle on the table.
Riku: "A-Ah, yes, I suppose it needs the ketchup still."
Haruto: "Of course it does. Get it together, Riku-chan. Alright, do you want to write your name, or should I?"
Riku: "Wait a second wait a second, you can't just run with this—"
Haruto: "What's wrong?"
Riku: "Why are you acting like it's so obvious I'd write my name on it?"
Haruto: "Well, that's what omelet rice is, isn't it?"
I'm not really sure what Riku-chan's talking about.
Asahi: "Haruto, write mine."
Haruto: "'Kay. A-S-A-H-I... there."
Asahi: "Wow! Now it's omelet rice just for me!"
Asahi: "I'll write yours, Haruto♪"
Haruto: "Thanks, here you go."
Asahi: "Leave it to me♪ H-A-R-U-T-O♪"
Riku: "What are you two, madly in love?!"
Haruto: "It's not like you to be so loud, Riku-chan. What's the matter? Have you decided what you're going to do? Write it yourself?"
Riku: "No way, that's so embarrassing. Can't you just squirt out a pile of it on top?"
Haruto: "Haahh... I guess yours will never be omelet rice, then..."
Asahi: "Haahh... Atorin will never be able to eat, huh..."
Riku: "...Shouldn't I be the one sighing here...?"
Haruto: "Haahh..."
Asahi: "Haahh..."
Riku: "Ahh, geez! Fine, do whatever you want! Write my name or anything you please!"
Haruto: "Really?! Thank goodness. I knew you'd understand, Riku-chan!"
Asahi: "Of course she would! She's our partner, after all! I'll write yours, Atorin♪"
Haruto: "Isn't that great, Riku-chan? Now we can all eat omelet rice together."
Asahi: "I'll draw a heart on yours too, Atorin."
Haruto: "Oh, that's good. Do it, do it."
Riku: "...I don't care anymore..."
I put all the gratitude I had, both for the three of us being back together again and for the food in front of me, into my prayer...
Haruto & Asahi: "Thanks for the meeeal!"
Riku: "...Thanks for the meal."
====================I107.TXT====================
I enjoyed the feeling of fullness after that relaxing dinner. While I hadn't made omelet rice for a whole year, it tasted so good that I could tell my skills hadn't rusted at all.
Asahi: "Thanks, Haruto. It was great."
Haruto: "You're welcome. Just let me clean up."
I stood up and made to take the dishes over to the sink.
Riku: "Wait. I'll do it."
Haruto: "Huh...?"
Riku: "Why are you so surprised?"
Haruto: "W-Well, I didn't expect to hear that from you... A-Are you okay...?! Is there still something wrong with you...?"
Riku: "That's rude. I can do the dishes, at least. Give me those."
She grabbed my dishes from me.
Riku: "Leave the dishes to me and go take your bath, Haruto-san."
Haruto: "W-Will you be okay...? Be careful not to drop anything... and the detergent and sponge are right there, so—"
Riku: "Are you trying to make me angry?"
Haruto: "Ah, no... Well, I'll leave it to you, then. Be careful..."
What could she be thinking...? There was something uncomfortable about her acting so differently than usual, but I couldn't let her good will go to waste.
Still thinking it strange, I headed to the bath.
Riku: "Phew. Honestly, what does he think I am?"
Riku: "Not that I can make a very convincing argument otherwise."
Asahi: "I'll help. They'll be done in no time if we do it together."
Riku: "Thank you. But can we talk about something first?"
Asahi: "Talk? About what?"
Riku: "...I'm so sorry about how I acted the other day."
Asahi: "The other day? What do you mean?"
Riku: "I mean what happened at the Atori lab. I caused a lot of trouble for you and Haruto-san."
Asahi: "You don't need to apologize for that. You're our partner, after all. It's only natural that we help one another."
Riku: "No, please let me apologize. I don't think I'd be here if not for you two."
Riku: "...So, I'm grateful. Thank you."
Asahi: "Don't be like that. You really don't need to worry about it. We just did what anybody would."
Riku: "If you say so, Asahi-san. And on that note, I have a favor I'd like to ask of you."
Asahi: "A favor?"
Riku: "Would you be my friend?"
Asahi: "Friend? Why? We're already partners."
Riku: "Well, that's that and this is this. I'd like to have the sort of relationship where I could readily give your name when asked, 'do you have any friends?'"
Riku: "I'd like to be able to say to a certain someone, 'see? I can relate to people normally after all!'"
Riku: "However, I'm ashamed to say you're just about the only person I could ask this of, Asahi-san."
Asahi: "...I get it. Alright. Then from now on, we'll be friends. You're the first friend I've ever had."
Riku: "Same here. We're both weirdos, so we're perfect for each other."
Asahi: "What should we do now that we're friends? What's a thing that friends do?"
Riku: "Supposedly friends can speak their mind to each other without fear of reproach."
Asahi: "Can they?"
Riku: "So I hear. Let's be frank with each other, then."
Asahi: "Alright, I can do that."
Riku: "Let me ask, then: how exactly do you feel about Haruto-san, Asahi-san?"
Asahi: "How do I feel? About Haruto?"
Riku: "You know, love and hate and those such things."
Asahi: "I love him, of course."
Riku: "I'm not sure you mean that in the way I do, Asahi-san. For instance..."
Riku: "If Haruto-san said to you, 'let me touch your boobs,' are you prepared to fearlessly offer them up to him?"
Asahi: "Wh—?! Boo—?!"
Riku: "It's difficult to separate romantic feelings from sexual acts, after all. That desire is etched into our genes so we can pass them on to the next generation."
Riku: "What I'm asking is if you love him in a way that would imply these aspects as well."
Asahi: "I-I don't know... I've never thought about it... You can't ask me that so suddenly..."
Riku: "It isn't sudden at all. We're still talking in hypotheticals here. It'll be too late if you only think about it when Haruto-san comes after your body."
Asahi: "Y-You think Haruto would do something like that...?"
Riku: "I think there's a possibility. I'm sure he's at least considered it, despite appearances."
Riku: "He appears disinterested, but who knows what's going on in his head."
Riku: "Despite living with two girls around the same age as him, he has no outlet for his desires."
Riku: "I wouldn't be surprised if he were getting pretty pent-up, being the healthy young man that he is."
Asahi: "Ugh#..."
Riku: "I'm certain that, on the inside, he's imagining you doing all manner of indecent things, Asahi-san."
Asahi: "Hm?!"
Riku: "So I was thinking, if you weren't altogether opposed to it yourself, I might give you some advice on the subject."
Asahi: "A-Advice...?"
Riku: "On how to help Haruto-san out. Though I'm still rather wet behind the ears in this area, myself."
Asahi: "How to help...?"
Riku: "How about this, for instance?"
Riku: "Whisper whisper whisper."
Asahi: "—?!"
Riku: "I've studied this method myself, so I'm fairly certain it will be effective."
Asahi: "I-I couldn't do that! No way!!"
Riku: "I see. There's nothing for it then, I suppose. Haruto-san will probably be disappointed, but I can't force you."
Asahi: "He'll be disappointed..."
Riku: "Though it's not like he's listening in, so how would he know to be disappointed in the first place?"
Asahi: "...Why did you bring this up so suddenly...? Are you just trying to cause trouble for me...?"
Riku: "Of course not. I'm just acting in my friend's best interests."
Riku: "I thought it best we both reach the same checkpoint so that neither of has an unfair advantage."
Asahi: "Checkpoint...?"
Riku: "Whoops, it appears we're out of time."
I headed back outside, refreshed from my shower, and found the two girls discussing something.
Riku-chan looked the same as always, but Asahi was looking at me in surprise, her face having turned scarlet.
Haruto: "Huh? What's up?"
Asahi: "N-Nothing!"
Haruto: "Nothing... Your face is beet red. You don't have a fever, do—"
I walked over to her and brought my hand to her forehead, but Asahi fled like a stray cat.
Asahi: "It's nothing! It's nothing, okay!"
She ran over to the bed and dove into it, burying her face in her pillow.
Haruto: "Did something happen...?"
Riku: "Nothing comes to mind. Besides perhaps the sort of 'girls' talk' that I couldn't repeat in front of a boy."
Haruto: "As long as you're getting along... oh."
Riku: "What is it?"
Haruto: "...The dishes aren't done."
Riku: "......"
Haruto: "It's fine, I'll do them. You should take your bath, Riku-chan."
Riku: "...I {can} do them, you know."
Haruto: "I know. It'll be your turn next time."
Riku: "......"
When regretting her mistakes, Riku-chan seems cute in a way that she usually doesn't.
I finished cleaning up and was about to head to bed when the curtain dividing the room opened and Riku-chan appeared from within.
Haruto: "Huh? What's up, Riku-chan?"
Riku: "I'm thirsty, so I'm going to go for a walk and get something to drink."
Haruto: "It's kind of late. Should I come too?"
Riku: "No, I'll be fine. You have to stay here, Haruto-san."
Haruto: "Huh? Why?"
Riku: "We're reaching the same checkpoint."
With that cryptic statement, Riku-chan left the apartment.
Haruto: "What checkpoint...? Is she running a race...?"
And yet she'd left by herself. So who is she racing against?
Oh well. I'll at least stay awake until she's back.
Asahi: "...Haru...to..."
Haruto: "Oh? I thought you were sleeping."
Asahi crawled out of bed, looking a little strange. She seemed more uncomfortable than sleepy, though...
Asahi: "...We have to... talk."
Haruto: "What is it? Why do you look so worried?"
I slid over to make room on the couch.
But my gesture went unacknowledged, as Asahi stood in front of me for some reason.
Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "Wh-What...?"
I was looking up at her, but Asahi seemed to be looking at the floor beneath me instead. Her face had gone crimson again, too.
Asahi: "We're partners, right...?"
Haruto: "Huh? Uh, yeah, we are."
Asahi: "So if one of us is suffering, the other one has to help them out."
Haruto: "Help with what—"
Instead of answering me, Asahi pushed apart my legs and knelt down.
Haruto: "What, what, what?!"
I was shocked by her sudden approach. No one had ever occupied this space before, but Asahi fit into it perfectly; it felt a little strange. A nervous energy filled my lower body.
Asahi: "...I heard you were suffering."
Asahi: "...And how to free you from that suffering. ...I learned how to do it."
Suffering...? Well, I've got plenty of stress in my life. Our circumstances, Asahi's fate... but those aren't things that can be resolved so easily.
Does Asahi think she can fix everything instantly...?
Asahi: "I'll free you from your suffering. So..."
Haruto: "S-So...?"
Asahi: "...Take off... Take off your pants!"
Haruto: "What?! My pants?!"
Problems can't be solved so easily. In fact, trying to solve them often causes new ones to appear, which is why they're so much trouble in the first place.
Haruto: "Wh-Where is this coming from...?! I can't take off my pants, that's too embarrassing..."
Asahi: "I'm embarrassed too...! But I can't do it like this...!"
Haruto: "Do what?!"
Asahi: "W-Well... Make..."
Asahi's face was so red I feared she might start breathing fire. Instead, words that seemed to cut right through my willpower came from her mouth instead.
Asahi: "...Make your dick feel good."
Haruto: "My d—?!"
Embarrassment spread through me and my very core grew hot. I never thought I'd hear such a dirty word coming from Asahi's mouth.
Haruto: "Hang on a minute! Slow down...! What's going on...?!"
I pulled the situation back from the dark path it was heading down as best as I could. Something is wrong here.
Asahi: "I heard that... you were getting pent up with sexual desire."
Asahi: "I'm not fond of such degeneracy... but she said boys just can't help it. That if they're left alone too long, it could explode, and something awful could happen."
Haruto: "She? Who said that...?"
Asahi: "Atorin."
So the culprit is Riku-chan! What has she done?!
"We're reaching the same checkpoint."
I recalled the words she'd left me with earlier.
Was Riku-chan trying to get Asahi to do the same thing she had...? But why...? What does this "checkpoint" thing mean?
Haruto: "No, I don't know what Riku-chan said, but nothing's going to explode..."
Asahi: "...Really? She said when you hit your limit, you might force yourself on someone."
Haruto: "I mean, maybe that sort of thing could happen, but it's alright, I can control myself."
Asahi: "So you do have to control something?! You can't do that! If you let it build up forever, you might be overcome by dark emotions!"
Asahi had her typically unique perspective on things. Her hands tightened on me...
Asahi: "—!"
Haruto: "Whoa?!"
Of all things, she'd put her hands between my legs and started feeling me up, right where a vital element of my manhood was.
Asahi: "Where?! Where is it?!"
Haruto: "Eek!"
Asahi: "This must be it!"
She had her hand on the treasure hidden between my legs.
Haruto: "...!"
Asahi: "...This is your dick?"
Haruto: "Yes... Yes, so don't squeeze so hard...!"
Asahi: "Ah, s-sorry...!"
I managed to relax a little when she loosened her grip on my junk. The crucial area was still snug in her hand, however.
Asahi: "...Hey, Haruto."
Haruto: "Y-Yeah...?"
Asahi: "Is this really your dick...? It's gotten bigger and harder than it was when I first found it..."
Haruto: "I-It's 'cause you're touching it...!"
Pathetically, my manhood was making itself known even from inside my pants just because Asahi was touching it a little. The restriction of my clothing was causing me a little pain.
Haruto: "Ngh......"
Asahi: "So it hurts... I'll free you from the pain, so just wait."
Asahi had unzipped my pants before I could stop her. From the open area, something was pushing outward as if to escape from my underwear.
Asahi: "So I just have to do this right here..."
Haruto: "Huh?! W-Wait?!"
My underwear was my final defense—and Asahi had it in a tight grip.
All she had to do now was pull it a little. I grabbed Asahi's arm in order to somehow stop the future that seemed inevitable anyway.
But it was all too late.
Asahi: "Ah—"
She made a little surprised sound. The expression of my lust, once hidden, had been exposed to the light.
Asahi: "Whoa... so this is a dick."
It had swelled to its full girth because of our exchanges just now, and Asahi was staring at it from point-blank range.
It wasn't my first time having it seen by someone. But unlike the time with Riku-chan, the lights in the apartment were still on, meaning that its sinister form was in full view.
Unlike Asahi's careful observation of me, I was looking anywhere else I could, trying to avert my eyes from the reality of the situation.
Asahi: "So perverse feelings build up inside here..."
Haruto: "......"
I had no words. There was no way for me to hide the fact of the desire I was feeling. No excuses would work with my member so obviously erect.
Asahi: "...Alright, Haruto."
Haruto: "...What?"
I could barely respond to her with all my embarrassment, but my perfunctory reply produced an unexpected follow-up from her.
Asahi: "...I'm gonna lick it. Is that okay...?"
Haruto: "Huh?!"
I was so surprised that my voice cracked.
Asahi: "Huh? I-Is that not right...? Atorin said to do that..."
Haruto: "L-Lick it?! That's going too far...!"
Asahi: "Atorin said you'd probably say that."
Asahi: "But she said if we did the same thing, the second one would be at a disadvantage. She said it'd be best to go a little too far. What do you think that means?"
Haruto: "...How could I know what Riku-chan's thinking?"
I'm sure she wants to say that if you do the same thing twice, it won't feel as novel, but I'm so nervous even on the second go that I don't think it'll matter much.
Asahi: "But Atorin wouldn't lie to me. We're friends, after all."
Haruto: "...You should probably pick better friends."
I'm sure Riku-chan doesn't mean any harm, but she's got some strange ideas about some things.
And that can lead to things getting out of hand, just like they are right now.
Haruto: "I can get rid of my perverse feelings without you having to lick it or anything."
Asahi: "No, we can't do it another way. Atorin told me about this, after all. I have to do it like she said."
Asahi: "...Alright, I'm starting."
Asahi's small lips approached me. The distance between us gradually disappeared.
Her hot breath tickled my sensitive skin, causing it to jump back.
Asahi: "......"
Asahi hesitated right before she was about to touch me. Being in a situation where she could touch me at any moment without me being prepared for it was making my nervousness skyrocket.
Asahi was the first to fold.
Haruto: "A-Asahi...?"
Asahi: "...Hey, Haruto, is it really okay to lick this?"
Haruto: "Okay...?"
Asahi: "Will it hurt my stomach...?"
I was only bewildered by her words for a moment. This situation had come about so suddenly that I couldn't keep up with it. I'd had no time to consider the feelings of the red-faced girl in front of me.
I'm sure it was Asahi's first time doing this too. She's not the sort of person who can do something so indecent without thinking twice about it.
She's not forcing this for her own sake—Asahi's mustering all her courage for my sake alone.
Haruto: "...I don't think it'll hurt your stomach... I just took a bath, too."
Haruto: "But you really don't have to force yourself. We shouldn't do this if you don't want—"
Asahi: "I do want to. It's for your sake, Haruto. Of course I want to."
Asahi: "...It's okay. This time, I'll get it right."
Asahi's mouth slowly approached me again. I felt a jolt, my lower half tensed-up, and my member was pulled toward my stomach a little from the movement of my muscles.
It wasn't nearly enough distance to escape her, but I still felt myself stiffening to maintain the awkward distance. Meanwhile, Asahi's lips continued their approach.
But my meager resistance didn't last long. I reached my limits, and the strength went out of me like my strings had been cut.
Asahi: "Mh... mm..."
Asahi gingerly ran her tongue along what she'd touched with her lips to as if to make sure it wasn't harmful.
Asahi: "...Mh... how's 'is...? Mm, mnn... am I hoin' it...?"
Haruto: "...That's good, keep going."
Asahi's lips, those lips which had uttered so many peculiar phrases, were surrounding me, moving only for my pleasure.
Asahi: "Mh, mm... mm... nhaahh. Hey! Stay put!"
The sight of her trying to deal with my penis bucking in pleasure was like a diner unfamiliar with the correct etiquette, fork and knife in hand and utterly confused.
She pursed her lips in a strange shape and tried to adjust the position of my penis when it bumped against her cheek.
Asahi: "Mmh, hey, mgh... stay still—mgh, fh..."
Holding my glans down under her nose, she wrapped her saliva-coated tongue around me.
Asahi: "Llp... mmh... mmh, mmh... mmh..."
Haruto: "Gh... haaahh......"
She sucked gently on my head, pushing my anticipation up to its limit. The sweet sensuality of the moment welled up in me and forced a sigh almost like a moan from my mouth.
Asahi: "Mm, mmch... mmh... ngh, mmh..."
Her tongue moved diligently over me as if to slowly wipe away all the rust and dirt. Her passionate kisses sunk into my cock, almost making me jealous of it.
Asahi: "Mm... mmn... mmh... it's just like Atorin said... mmn, mm, mmn..."
Haruto: "A-Ahh..."
My excitement was almost winning out over the pleasure I was feeling. The lewd sight before me—my head resting atop Asahi's tongue—shored up my perverse emotions.
The adorable Asahi was working away at me with her tongue, breathing through her nose... I wondered if there were anyone who {wouldn't} be aroused at such a sight.
Asahi: "Mmh... llp, mmnph! Phew."
The new experience must have made her tired. Asahi put away her tongue and looked up at me.
Asahi: "It doesn't hurt, Haruto...? I'm sorry, I'm probably not doing it right..."
Haruto: "Th-That's not true at all..."
Asahi: "Hey, tell me how I can do better. Atorin didn't give me any tips."
If I told Asahi exactly what my instincts were begging me for, she'd focus her attacks on my weak spots—and I didn't have the self-control to throw away that opportunity.
Haruto: "...If you pull on the shaft, it'll create a little groove... so if you could focus there, or on the part that's like a line on the underside..."
Asahi: "So those are your weak spots. Got it, I'll try to answer your expectations."
Responding obediently to my lustful request, Asahi swiftly pulled my shaft up from the base and poked her tongue into the resulting groove.
Asahi: "Mmch... mmn, mmh... nnm, mmh#!"
Her tongue drew circles on me. Its hot, rough surface covered my head and continued its attack as if to say, "it's not over yet."
Asahi: "Mmch, mmh, mmh, mmnn... what a dirty taste... this is the taste of Haruto's dick, huh..."
Asahi: "Mmph... ngh, hahh... o'er here hoo... llm, llp, llmm!"
As if done tasting my tip, she ran her tongue around the back of my glans, licking me hotly all over.
Haruto: "Ah, Asahi, right there...!"
Asahi: "Hm? Mm, ohay... mgh, llp, mm, mmh, mm, mmn..."
I can't get enough. The sweet numbness comes at me again and again, melting my brain into mush.
Asahi: "Llp, llp, llp, Haruho, mmch, llp, llmm..."
Haruto: "Haahh... that's amazing...... Asahi..."
Asahi: "You're... amahing too, Haruho... llp, mmh, I han feel... your smell.. heep in my head..."
After being toyed with by her soft tongue, my urethra was opening and closing like it was gasping for breath. A viscous liquid spilled from it, dripping to her sweet tongue.
Asahi: "Mmh, mmn, ah, Haruto... a little bit of your perverse feelings are coming out of your dick..."
Asahi: "I'll het it... all ou'... mmch, mmn, llp..."
Asahi: "Llp, mmn, mmh... Am I making you feel good, Haruto...?"
She looked up at me with her head cocked like a kitten drinking milk. Maybe it was just the pleasure screwing with my head, but I felt my chest tightening with how cute she looked.
Haruto: "It feels amazing... Thanks..."
Asahi: "Mmh, then I'll do more... mm, llp..."
This stimulation was just as good as her earlier service. The warm, rough sensation of her tongue slid across the underside of my penis.
Asahi: "Llp... llp... mmn... mmn..."
She pressed her fingers to my twitching member to hold it in place as she sucked diligently at my tip.
My excitement rose with her service and I could feel myself approaching that sweet goal of ejaculation.
The close numbness almost had me grabbing Asahi's head, but I pushed the instinct down as best as I could.
Haruto: "Asahi, more... could you put it in your mouth too, instead of just licking it...?"
Asahi: "Llp... mh... I dunno... It keeps getting bigger and bigger..."
Staring at my glistening member, Asahi hesitated for a moment.
Asahi: "But... if it'll make you happy... I'll put it into my mouth..."
Asahi: "Aaamh... mmn... nnph... mmn......!"
Asahi opened her mouth wide and took my terrible mass into it.
Haruto: (So warm and soft... This is a girl's... Asahi's mouth...)
Asahi: "Mm... mgh, mgh!"
Her cheek expanding indecently, Asahi endured the unfamiliar sensations of the object in her mouth and restricting her breathing to her nose.
On the other hand, I was experiencing an overwhelming bliss, sighing in ecstasy at the wet heaven I found myself in.
Haruto: "Th-Then, could you move back and forth like this, slowly...?"
Asahi: "Fgh... fh, mmmgh, mmph... Hamh..."
Haruto: "Ahhhh... i-it's..."
Asahi: "Mm...ph... Nn...ph#..."
Her lips tightened around me and drew me in—
Asahi: "#Slurp... mmmn, mmh, mmh..."
She stimulated me right up until I left her mouth, then brought me back into the realm of pleasure.
This is bad. This is so good, I can feel it making me go bad...
Asahi: "Ha'uto...?"
I was grimacing wordlessly, captive to the powerful pleasure of her pistoning head. She looked up at me curiously and I gave her a nod.
The gentle warmth of her mouth around me made even speaking difficult.
Asahi: "Ah... mmh, mmh, mmmh!"
It wasn't my first time having someone else take me to climax.
Riku-chan's hand job had been almost like masturbation, but the wet sensation of Asahi's mouth around me was tantalizing; the pleasure seemed to seep into me through my skin.
I'd like for her to do this forever if she could—the sensations were so astounding that I was having selfish thoughts like that.
Asahi: "Slurp.... chlurp, chlurp, chluuuurp, hahh.... ngh, hahh, mmph, mmph..."
Haruto: "Asahi... Asahi..."
As I stared dazedly at Asahi's head, I felt the sensation of climax rushing up from my balls. It wasn't too far away now.
Asahi: "Mmh... mmh... mm, mm, mm, hahh..."
My body had started unconsciously responding to Asahi's movements. When she brought her head forward, I couldn't help moving my hips a bit too.
Asahi: "Mm, aah, ah, mm, mm, aaah!"
My tip hit somewhere in the back of her mouth and the pleasure exploded into me.
Asahi was doing the very best she could for me, but I couldn't even control myself enough not to thrust into her for more, like her mouth was something else...
Haruto: (Asahi, I want... I want you to do more... even more...)
The scene before me seemed to look less and less real as I approached climax, and all the restraint I had left flew off somewhere too.
Asahi: "Nnmh?! Mmfh—"
I was holding Asahi's head before I knew it, maybe because of the frustration of being near orgasm.
I wasn't consumed by a lust for domination—I was just so focused on achieving climax as fast as I could.
Haruto: "Sorry, but... ahh... Asahi...!"
Asahi: "Mh, mfh, I'm ohay... Ha'uto... it's dirty... mh, doing it with my mouth..."
Asahi: "So... hafh... use your dick... more..."
She was surprised, but not against it, accepting my unconscious movements instead of condemning them.
Asahi: "Mmh, mmh, mm, ah, ah, mm, mm..."
The sounds coming from her mouth were even dirtier now. Assaulted by the sensation of her mouth around me, I tried to ravage her in a way that wouldn't cause her too much pain.
Saliva and precum mixed together and splattered about, dirtying my abdomen and Asahi's face.
Asahi: "Mmh, mm, mm, hahh, ah, mmh..."
Asahi: "Mm, mm, mmmh, mm, mmh..."
Haruto: "Kh... A-Asahi... I'm about to do it, in your mouth..."
Asahi: "Mm, Ha'uto, ohay... ho ahead—mm, mm, mm, mmfh..."
A sweet heat gathered at my tip. I felt that moment of bliss coming.
Asahi: "Mm, mmh, mm, mmh, mm..."
Asahi: "Mmh, mmh, hahh, hahh, mm, mm, mm, mmh!"
Spuuuurt! Spurt, spurt, spuuurt!!
Asahi: "—Mgh?! Mmmh, mmmmmmgh!"
The thick, white fluid I'd stocked up to its limit spewed out of me.
Haruto: "Agh!"
Asahi: "Mmh, mgh, ###... there's... haph, mmgh... so much of it... mgh, hamh#"
A climax that never ended—an ejaculation that went on and on, with no end in sight. Asahi's mouth was filled with the semen that gushed out of me.
Asahi softly stimulated my twitching frenulum as if to coax along my endless ejaculation.
Asahi: "Mph, mh, mh, ih's still... mmfh... mmfh... mh, mmnnlp..."
I felt all the strength leaving me as if I'd released all of my vitality along with my cum.
The last ebbs eventually died away and the feeling of pleasure slowly left my sensitive tip.
Haruto: "Haaahh... phew...... it's over, Asahi."
Asahi: "......Mgh... mmn... mgh... mgh..."
I glanced at Asahi when I heard her swallowing. Her squirrel-like cheeks had deflated somewhat, so I could imagine what she'd done.
Haruto: "Y-You can't swallow it, spit it out!"
Asahi: "Mm... phahh... too late now."
Asahi: "It tasted kinda weird, but it was yours, so it's fine. Oh, you don't think it'll hurt my stomach though, do you?"
Haruto: "Well... you'll probably be okay."
Asahi: "That's good, then. Hey, Haruto, did you get all your perverse feelings out?"
Asahi smiled, a hint of white fluid still dangling from her lips. That sight almost rekindled the urges I'd supposedly gotten out already.
But I put the thoughts out of my mind somehow. We really couldn't be doing any more than this.
Haruto: "...Yeah, you really helped me out, Asahi. Thanks..."
Asahi: "Heheh, I'm glad I could help."
When the sense of reality returned, embarrassment welled up with it.
I hurriedly pulled my pants back up to hide my still-exposed nether regions.
Ruu arrived at her destination, hardly able to contain her growing excitement.
This detention facility housed magic criminals. The building on the outskirts of Agartha was surrounded by tall walls befitting a prison.
The time had finally come—their plans were finally reaching their final stages, and that meant that Ruu would finally have the reunion she'd been waiting for.
She felt her excitement for that long-awaited reunion rising. She'd come here in order to prepare for that moment.
But just as she was approaching the detention facility in order to fulfill her role, a figure appeared to block her way.
Yuuji: "You there, hold up."
A man wearing a rumpled dress shirt stood before Ruu.
Ruu: "Holding."
Yuuji: "Police. Where are you headed this late at night?"
He flashed her his badge. She didn't have time to read the name on it, but Ruu recognized the man. He was...
Ruu: "I'm going to see someone dear to me. Can't I?"
Yuuji: "The only thing past here is a facility for containing magic criminals. I'm sure you don't have any business there."
A serious mindset that said her tricks wouldn't work and a sharp gaze that was trying to see through her facade—those were things you couldn't produce unless you worked at them every day.
This man would be trouble. She could just get rid of him, but... looking around, she spotted a van of BURST officers below the wall around the facility.
Ruu: "Hmm... that's strange..."
Only Ruu and one other person should know of this plan. But their information had clearly leaked somehow, looking at this situation.
Ruu: "What are the police doing here?"
Yuuji: "It's nothing to do with you. Anyway, kids should be home in bed at this time of night. Hurry up and get home."
She listened to his inner voice. No matter how tight-lipped a person was, they couldn't put a lid on their heart. And this detective was no exception; Ruu learned of the reason for their ambush.
Ruu: "I see. He told you. Which means..."
Rikudou Asahi—her Dunamis was a lot of trouble. The power to know the future could be a threat to Ruu.
It would be quicker to just kill her, really. But he didn't want that. She was supposed to become a "trial."
Yuuji: "Hey, you listening?"
Ruu: "I'll just go home, then. Keep up the good work, Officer♪"
Ruu trotted off, and the detective didn't follow her. He must have had more important work than worrying about some suspicious girl.
Though her plans had been interfered with, she was more joyful than irritated. It was probably because she'd get to face off with them once again.
Some obstacles are needed in order to feel like you've achieved something. That was, in fact, their purpose.
====================I108.TXT====================
I've been watching TV ever since waking up today for the second time.
It wasn't because I was bored, of course. It was because I had to confirm whether or not the prison breakout that happened last time had occurred again.
I'd told my dad about the prison break, so if he'd acted on the information, the same thing shouldn't have happened again.
Still, I found myself uneasy, and I would be until I saw time passing by uneventfully with my own eyes.
Riku: "You've been watching nothing but the news this whole time. Can we watch something else already?"
Haruto: "Let me watch just a little more..."
It was almost when the riots had started the last time. If we could get past this point without them happening, it should mean we could avoid the worst possible situation.
I could feel my shoulders getting tense, so I tried to relax them. At the same time, the newscaster was handed a new script.
He ran his eyes over it and faced the camera again, quickly explaining that a riot had occurred at the prison and that they'd be switching to the crew there.
The next moment, the footage changed. A woman stood holding a microphone, the prison behind her.
Reporter: "We're live at the scene. We've just heard that several magic criminals inside the detention facility have engaged in violence."
Reporter: "Fortunately, BURST's speedy response was able to limit the damage to a minimum."
Haruto: "Oh, good... Dad came through."
I realized I'd leaned forward unconsciously, so I sat back again and relaxed.
On the screen, the reporter was continuing to explain the situation.
Reporter: "All the prisoners involved with the uprising have been detained—save one prisoner whose whereabouts are unknown. BURST is currently searching the area for this individual."
So one escaped... But compared to last time, just one escapee shouldn't be able to affect that much. And unlike the large-scale destruction last time, BURST should be able to deal with just one person.
It's probably safe to say that we've avoided the tragedy this time around. Agartha won't fall into chaos now.
Haruto: "Phew#..."
The tension left my shoulders as the relief of having overcome the danger flooded into me.
I was relieved that we'd avoided our own tragedy, but we'd also prevented many other people from being hurt in the chaos. I got a little scared when I thought about what would have happened if I hadn't gathered up the courage to talk to my dad.
Haruto: "You can change the channel now."
Riku: "It's not like there's something I want to watch. I was just bored."
Haruto: "Ah... wanna go shopping, then? We haven't eaten yet."
Last time, we couldn't have just gone for a leisurely stroll.
I wanted to go outside so I could make absolutely sure that we'd avoided the tragedy.
That was the kind of mood I was in.
A little while after going outside, I was struck by a strange sense that something was wrong.
Before, people were frightened of all the magic criminals and were taking refuge in their homes. It wasn't like that now, but the entertainment district still somehow felt different than usual.
To put it simply, I could feel some sort of nervous energy in the people on the streets.
Normally people walk around carefree, but today they seemed to be keeping their guards up and glancing at other pedestrians.
Asahi: "Something's strange here..."
Looks like Asahi's sensed the same—
Mob: "Come on!! Let's do this if you think you can handle it!!"
A shout rang out—and all the people around us turned toward it, just as we did.
But unlike us, whether they saw where the shout had come from or not, the other people hurried off, trying to remain uninvolved.
Mob: "Not gonna use that fancy magic a' yours?! Huh?!"
Frightened Man: "Eee?! S-Stop, please!!"
Haruto: "What are you doing?!"
I hurriedly stepped in. Several men were surrounding one who had fallen to the ground in fear.
Mob: "You gettin' in our way? You gonna take this guy's side?"
Haruto: "Violence isn't the answer! What did this man do to you?!"
Mob: "Nothin' really. Just, he's a Caster, see? That's enough of a reason, isn't it?"
Mob: "He's been actin' big just 'cause he can use magic. The world doesn't need fuckers like him, wouldn't you say?"
Riku: "What a laughably obvious anti-magic group we've got here."
Riku: "At the very least I doubt {you} have the authority to decide what this world does and doesn't need."
Mob: "Can it. This is the opinion of the majority! It's not just us, plenty a' people think like this!"
Mob: "Why don't you guys join us? It's time for a revolution!"
All the people around us said the same, though silently. There was madness in their eyes; it was hard to believe they were still human.
Asahi: "Haruto... there's something strange about these people."
Mob: "What's strange is our society these days! Nobody needs magic, so we're gonna get rid of it ourselves!"
Riku: "You're free to have your complaints about society, but if you intend to do us harm, I hope you're prepared for the consequences."
Riku: "I have no intention of going easy on the likes of you."
Mob: "A-Are you guys OutCasts?!"
Panic ran through them.
Riku: "If you'll be resorting to violence, we're ready to answer you in kind."
Riku-chan gave the men her final warning. I'm sure that coming from her, the words had several times the effect they would have had if I'd said them.
The men surrounding us disappeared into a nearby alley, muttering complaints.
Haruto: "Are you alright?"
Frightened Man: "Thank you, you saved me..."
He grabbed the hand I'd held out to him and stood up slowly.
Frightened Man: "You kids can use magic too? You'd better be careful, then."
The man said, taking off the Ring on his wrist and putting it in his bag.
Frightened Man: "There's a big protest going on all around Agartha right now by the anti-magic guys."
Haruto: "Protest...?"
Frightened Man: "Yeah. Hear about the riot at the magic criminal detention facility?"
Haruto: "Yeah, we heard one person escaped..."
Frightened Man: "'Cause of that, the anti-magic guys are all saying 'if you can't control it, magic should be eliminated.'"
Frightened Man: "I just saw it on the net, myself... It's strange."
The man pulled out his terminal and showed it to us. It displayed an info site that anyone could contribute to.
There was a ranking being updated in real time of the keywords being written about most. It was filled with words like "magic," "abolition," and "protest."
Haruto: "Why...?! It shouldn't have ended up like this...!"
We'd avoided the magic criminal riots, but now there was new chaos being caused by the anti-magic faction's protests.
Frightened Man: "It's still safe in this district, but I hear it's really messed up downtown."
His finger slid across the screen and a video started playing. It looked like the news.
Reporter: "I'm here near Agartha Station! As you can see, a large number of those with anti-magic sentiments are here protesting!"
The area was crawling with people holding placards and banners.
Reporter: "The protesters have become violent, some setting fire to shops that sell Magi devices."
Reporter: "I'm hearing reports of resistance against the police forces that rushed to the scene, and clashes with Casters using magic for self-defense."
Reporter: "In response, the government has declared a state of emergency and is calling in both BURST and forces from off the island to put the situation under control."
The unnatural scene in the footage—it was similar to something I'd experienced. To a future I shouldn't have to experience.
Asahi: "Ah—"
Asahi was startled by something she'd noticed in the footage. But the man closed the video and put the terminal back in his bag.
Frightened Man: "Get it? It's dangerous out here, so you kids should run and hide too—"
The man scurried off without looking back.
Riku: "Well, it seems different than the future you described to me..."
Haruto: "But the same sort of thing's happening. Why...? The riots should've been stopped."
I was struck by an indescribable sense of unease.
Like some being on another plane was sneering at our futile struggles...
Asahi: "He's there..."
Haruto: "Asahi...?"
Asahi seemed troubled for a different reason than me.
Asahi: "I saw my brother in that footage."
My eyes snapped open at the words; I doubted my ears for a moment.
—Why? The future should have changed... so why are the footsteps of this tragedy so close behind us...?
Asahi: "I have to go... I have to go and make sure."
Haruto: "W-Wait! You can't go!"
Asahi: "Why...?! My brother might be there...!"
Haruto: "W-Well... because it's dangerous..."
Asahi: "We've faced danger plenty of times before. I won't achieve anything if I run just because it's dangerous."
Haruto: "Y-Yeah, but..."
Riku: "We just have to be prepared for the worst, don't we?"
Haruto: "Riku-chan..."
Riku: "Now that our plans have gone awry, we'll just have to switch gears and consider alternative courses of action."
Riku: "Unless we can persuade Asahi-san, of course."
Bending Asahi's will... sounds like one of the hardest things in the world to do.
Maybe if it were something else... but telling her to ignore her one clue to finding the brother she thought was dead seems impossible.
Still, I was hesitating. The omen of that tragedy had been seared into my brain, and I was overwhelmed by the desire to flee from it.
Maybe Asahi could, but there's no guarantee I'd leap back through time again... This world was my one and only chance.
If the tragedy happened again, Asahi's power activated, and I was left behind... what would I do? What would happen to Asahi...?
We couldn't fail again. I couldn't leave Asahi alone again—
Riku: "There's no need for you to torment yourself like that, is there?"
Haruto: "Riku-chan..."
Riku: "I don't know what it was like last time, but you've got me with you now. You're not alone."
Riku: "We're partners, so we help each other; isn't that right?"
Haruto: "......"
The two pairs of eyes looked to me for an answer—
I wanted to help Asahi. I wanted to make up for all that she'd helped me. It wouldn't be playing fair otherwise.
Haruto: "...Alright. Let's do as Asahi says."
If fate's going to come after us even if we run, then we have to get to the root of the problem if we want to resist it. That's the truth.
And the root must be—
To reverse our failures, we had to stand and face it instead of running. And I know that to face things, you need courage.
I'm being tested right now for whether or not I have enough of it.
We moved through the city and came up close to the station.
On our way, we came across lines of people protesting and groups of vandals destroying stores. From the looks of it, it couldn't be said that things were improving.
Black smoke rose from parts of the city and sirens echoed in several places, all signs that Agartha's public order was plummeting.
???/Satoru: "Listen to me! You mustn't resort to violence!"
Youth: "Shut up, gramps! Don't get in our way!"
???/Satoru: "Gwah?!"
There was a roar from a nearby group. With a thud, someone fell to the ground.
The people who'd been violent walked off without a second look at the man on the ground.
Haruto: "Are you alright?!"
???/Satoru: "Y-Yes... Thank you..."
I lent him a hand and the man staggered to his feet. It was then that I finally realized who he was.
Haruto: "Akatsuki's dad?!"
Satoru: "You're... Mutsumi-kun?!"
Neither of us had been expecting this reunion, so we couldn't hide our surprise.
Satoru: "What are you doing here? I heard you'd gone missing..."
Haruto: "Er, well, it's... What about you? Are you okay...?"
His mouth was looking a little swollen and had blood dripping from it.
Satoru: "Yes, it's not serious. But those men—"
He was looking sadly at the smoking town.
Satoru: "It's shameful. I spend every day lecturing people, yet I have nothing to say to them at a time like this..."
Haruto: "You were trying to stop the rioters, huh?"
Mr. Kokuryuu was against the current system of magic regulation, but he wasn't like those resorting to violence to get rid of magic entirely.
Satoru: "It was shrugged off as the rambling of an old man, of course..."
Satoru: "...But what could I expect from words that couldn't even reach my own son?"
Haruto: "Mr. Kokuryuu..."
He gave a self-deprecating laugh as he wiped the blood from his mouth.
Satoru: "Well, griping about it won't improve the situation."
Satoru: "This island is dangerous right now. People are more inclined toward evil."
Haruto: "More inclined toward evil...?"
Satoru: "People like to conform. They can justify anything merely if the majority agrees with it."
Satoru: "What's worse is that compared to good, evil spreads much more easily."
Satoru: "The more you push it down, the more eagerly it waits for an opportunity to spring to the surface."
Haruto: "......"
Satoru: "My son taught me that."
Satoru: "That no one can ever tell what impulses someone is hiding under their mask, even if they act like nothing is wrong."
The memory sprung back to me. I'm sure Mr. Kokuryuu was seeing the same thing I was.
Haruto: "Right, Akatsuki...!"
Last time, Akatsuki was waiting for us just past here. I'd thought the same tragedy wouldn't occur if we could stop the riots, but...
Satoru: "You know something about him...?!"
Haruto: "...I might. He could be somewhere not far from here."
The island had ended up in chaos one way or another. If things are going the same way, then Akatsuki will definitely show up nearby...
Satoru: "Take me there. I have to speak with my son."
Satoru: "...His sentence ended recently, and I picked him up from the detention center... but he left the house right away without saying much to me."
Haruto: "Is that what happened? Alright, I'll take you there. I think it'll be better if you're with us anyway."
We couldn't let the same thing happen again—we both felt the same way. Both of us wanted to make up for our past mistakes.
Haruto: "Let's go, it's right up here—"
And right when I'd renewed my resolve and made to continue forward—
I heard something slice through the air—and concrete crumbling behind me.
I knew what the sound signified. I spun around and found the same thing as last time unfolding before my eyes.
Haruto: "Look out!!"
The telephone pole was falling toward us—so I warned the other three of the danger.
The first one to respond to my warning was Riku-chan, who never seemed to lose her cool to unexpected threats.
She called her Magi in one swift motion and readied herself. There was nothing superfluous about her actions at all.
The shockwave she shot off destroyed the falling telephone pole, sending its remnants flying off the other way.
Haruto: "Thanks, Riku-chan. You saved us."
Riku: "This is nothing to worry about. What we {should} be worrying about is..."
She was looking around us, not letting her guard down even though she'd saved us.
Satoru: "Probably a stray shot fired by a Caster or OutCast. Let's all be careful."
Riku: "...I suppose you're right."
Riku-chan didn't seem fully satisfied, but after she confirmed that there was nothing out of the ordinary around us, she turned back our way resignedly.
Asahi: "We're aware of the danger. Still, we have to push forward."
Haruto: "...You're right. Let's go. We'll prevent this tragedy."
The time of judgment was just before us—and we couldn't make the same mistake twice.
A shadow watched the group run off.
The evil the shadow had launched at them had not taken their lives. It couldn't hide its irritation at reality's refusal to go the way it wanted.
Biting its thumb, it held in its rage toward the inferior beings as best as it could.
{Don't get in my way. Don't resist. You inferior creatures blessed only with mediocre ability.}—The shadow bit its nail even harder and the tip of it snapped off.
Riffraff like them should just be satisfied with being used by people with real talent, the shadow thought.
It believed that was its right as a superior existence.
The roundabout before Agartha Station looked like it had been hit by a storm.
The windows of the buildings nearby were all broken, with the cars and bicycles in the area mercilessly destroyed.
Unlike in the footage we'd seen, there were few people here. The chaos must have moved on to somewhere else.
Strictly speaking, the circumstances were different from last time, but the scene before me looked almost exactly the same. The scars left after the destruction of reason were apparent everywhere.
Satoru: "A-Akatsuki?!"
Akatsuki was standing in the same place, looking the same as he did last time. Noticing each other, the Kokuryuu father and son both cried out in surprise.
Akatsuki: "Dad...?! And Haruto...?! What are you doing here?!"
Satoru: "I came because I heard you'd be here. What are you doing in a place like this?"
Akatsuki: "......"
Satoru: "Tell me, what did you run out of the house to do—"
Akatsuki: "Shut up! It's got nothing to do with you!"
Satoru: "Wha...?!"
Akatsuki showed his father nothing but utter rejection.
Akatsuki: "Just leave me alone. I'm done with trying to please you."
Haruto: "Akatsuki, listen to us. We're worried about you."
Akatsuki: "Worried? You are? About me? You're still good at making me laugh, I see."
Akatsuki: "This is why you're so easy to trick. You should really learn to doubt people. How many times have I told you that?"
He gave me a derisive shrug.
Akatsuki: "...I see, that's why he told me to wait here. So that I'd run into you."
Akatsuki mentioned "him" again, smiling in understanding.
Haruto: "Who is 'he'...? What is he trying to get you to do...?"
Akatsuki: "He's the person who taught me the truth no one else would."
Akatsuki: "In that prison removed from society, he gave me hope."
Akatsuki: "He taught me that if you want to obtain the world you long for, you have to act."
"I wish magic never existed in the first place"—that was the answer Akatsuki had come to when plagued with his insecurities.
I have no way of knowing just how much Akatsuki was suffering. I was with him all the time, yet I'd never noticed the slightest change in his behavior.
Worse than that, when faced with my friend in his time of need, I'd had no words to say to him. Guilt was still smoldering in me from back then.
But I have a chance to absolve myself now. I couldn't erase my sins, but there was still something I could do.
I couldn't let this chance some trick of fate had given me slip by. I could still make up for my mistakes. Now, before tragedy struck—
Haruto: "I want to help you, Akatsuki. If you're about to make a mistake, then I have to stop you."
Akatsuki: "As soon as you say 'mistake,' you're making one yourself. You understand what I mean, don't you?"
Akatsuki: "Magic is an annoyance, one that does nothing but cause trouble. It never should have existed in the first place."
Akatsuki thrust his arm out and several streams of bubbling water formed before his palm.
Akatsuki: "Seems my role is to fight you. If you really want to stop me, then you'll have to do it by force."
Akatsuki: "It's a hero's job to defeat evil, isn't it? Don't think too hard about it!"
His eyes opened, full of hostility. We won't get anywhere with words.
Water shot out at me. The blasts were powerful enough to shatter concrete upon impact.
Asahi: "Haruto!"
Haruto: "You two stay out of this! I'll handle it on my own!"
Asahi was about to run over, and Riku-chan was readying her Magi, but I stopped them with a gesture.
Akatsuki: "Confident. Think you can take me down easily on your own?"
I avoided his next attacks and brought out my Magi, using it to block the streams of water I couldn't dodge.
Akatsuki: "There we go. This wouldn't be any fun if you didn't get into it."
Akatsuki: "Right now I'm nothing but a magic criminal. I'm trying to disrupt the peace."
Akatsuki: "Your role is to defeat me. You are the hero, after all."
Haruto: "I don't consider you evil. I'm just trying to help my friend."
He shot off almost double the amount of water he'd attacked with until now. I knew instantly that I wouldn't be able to avoid it all.
Haruto: "I don't care if I'm stupid for it. I still...!"
I swung my Magi at the same time I activated my magic.
The blue flames spread out as if to cover the world and evaporated the water that flew at me.
Akatsuki: "Impressive. That's why I—"
Akatsuki: "......"
Akatsuki looked down at the hand he'd thrust out.
Akatsuki: "If not for this, things would be more peaceful now. No one would have to worry about any of this crap."
Those words resonated all too strongly with me. If not for magic, I wouldn't have been used like I had been.
But...
Haruto: "There'll be no end to it if you start thinking like that. I mean, magic exists, whether you like it or not."
Haruto: "You can't change what's already happened. No matter what you say now, the past will remain the same."
Haruto: "So all you can do is try to be thankful for it somehow. Averting your eyes from reality won't solve anything."
Akatsuki: "I'm not averting my eyes. I'm looking straight at reality. That's why I want to change the present."
Akatsuki: "Even if I regress into the past, even if I have this pathetic fixation, that's the only world that would accept me."
Haruto: "I understand how you feel. But you're wrong."
Haruto: "...No, no one knows what's right. No one can say what's wrong."
Because I'd clung to justice, because I'd hated the world in much the same way, I knew exactly how he felt.
I threw my Magi to the ground.
Akatsuki: "What are you playing at? You're not surrendering, I assume."
Haruto: "Of course not. I've got a trial to overcome. A tragedy to prevent."
Haruto: "I don't want to kill you, Akatsuki. I just want to stop the tragedy. So I don't need this."
Akatsuki: "...Guess you've caught the Rikudou Asahi bug, huh?"
Akatsuki: "I thought you seemed different from before. Is that why?"
If I've changed, then Asahi's a big part of why, of course.
But it's not just Asahi—everything that I've experienced has resulted in the way I am now.
When I was in those dark pits of hell, it was everyone's voices that saved me.
And now it's my turn to serve that role—
Haruto: "Come to think of it, we've never had a fight before, have we?"
Akatsuki: "Huh? What's this all of a sudden?"
Haruto: "Well, it just occurred to me. We'd never gotten into a fistfight or anything, so I was pretty confident in how close we were as friends."
Haruto: "But now I know that it's because there was a part of us deep inside that we couldn't let the other intrude upon."
Haruto: "So let's have a fight. If we're both not willing to compromise, then we should clash without fear."
Akatsuki: "'Let's'... Fights aren't something you schedule beforehand, like a meeting."
Haruto: "Really? Let's not sweat the small stuff, though. It's our first time. Of course we're not used to it."
Akatsuki: "...I've called you stupid so many times that I'm sick of it, but I still need to say it again."
Akatsuki: "You're a real dyed-in-the-wool idiot. You're so stupid I feel bad for humoring you like this."
Haruto: "I know. I'm tired of hearing it."
Akatsuki had gone wide-eyed, but he smiled now as if he couldn't hold in his mirth any longer.
With a big sigh, he looked at me fondly, like someone watching over a child doing their best and failing at it.
Akatsuki: "Just so you know, I won't hold back. I'm not just doing this on a whim."
Akatsuki: "I'll help you find out if you can make a difference."
Currents of water concentrated around Akatsuki's hand.
This same attack had triggered the tragedy last time, and I couldn't help trembling reflexively at the sight.
It's alright—don't be scared. I won't let the tragedy happen again. Nobody knows what's really right or wrong.
All we can do is believe we've hit the ball and take off running—
I spat out a roar and sucked in air to replace it.
When I'd sucked in as much as I could hold, I concentrated only on my feet and took off running as fast as I was able.
The water twisted and rushed straight at me, but I didn't care. Don't be afraid. What's important is that you don't flinch!
Water evaporated around my right fist, thrust out in front of me.
All around me was the flood and roar of water.
The water that hadn't evaporated pounded at me. I planted my feet so that I wasn't pushed back by it and kept shooting my flames.
This was a test of endurance—a battle of wills—of who would run out of strength first.
If I retreated here, it'd all be for nothing. The chance I'd been given would be wasted.
It wasn't only through my own power that I was given a second chance.
It's thanks to several coincidences, made possible by the people who have helped me until now.
So I can't lose. If I don't respond to the feelings of those who have helped me, I'm not playing fair!
My field of view opened up.
What I saw there was a world that had regained its color, and in the middle of it, Akatsuki's surprised expression.
Akatsuki: "...That's my hero."
For the first time in my life, I slugged someone in the face...
Akatsuki fell to the ground with his limbs splayed out, and didn't move after that.
I thought he might have passed out, so I walked up to him, but his eyes were open, looking emptily up into the sky and ignoring my presence.
Haruto: "You okay?"
His cheek was red and swollen. I wasn't sure if I could say so as the one who'd hit him, but I couldn't help but worry.
Akatsuki: "You think you can ask me that after you hit me with everything you had?"
Haruto: "S-Sorry... Does it hurt?"
Akatsuki: "Of course it does. It hurts like hell."
Akatsuki: "...I really felt that. More than I thought I would."
Akatsuki: "Looks like you've won our first fight."
I was sure he would get up and hit me back, but Akatsuki just lay there, his expression a somber one.
Haruto: "Akatsuki...?"
Akatsuki: "...I was jealous. I always wanted to be like you."
Haruto: "I'm not the enviable person you think I am. I've actually got a lot of problems."
I held out my hand to him. He looked at it for a moment, then grabbed it.
Akatsuki: "Hup. Heroes always deal with hardships. That's just the star you were born under, buddy."
Satoru: "Akatsuki!"
The other three, including Mr. Kokuryuu, ran over to us.
Akatsuki: "I get it now, though. I'm drawn to you because you're the only guy in the world like this."
Riku: "Is {that} what you two were talking about? Is there some forbidden relationship kind of stuff going on here?"
Asahi: "What does that mean?"
Riku: "Well, when two men love each other very much..."
Asahi: "What then?"
Haruto: "Don't teach her stuff like that, Riku-chan."
I almost surrendered myself to the suddenly-relaxed mood, but we hadn't resolved everything yet.
Haruto: "Akatsuki, I want you to tell us what you've been through up to today. I think we need to talk again."
Akatsuki: "...Got it. Not that I have all that much to say—"
I wanted to know what Akatsuki had been up to and who'd ordered him to fight me. But right when that mystery was about to be cleared up—
The bell announcing the time rang out through the station square.
We should have avoided the tragedy—but the feeling I'd almost forgotten in my relief suddenly came back to me.
As if to back up that feeling, I heard a quiet, metallic sound.
The sound had come from around a stopped bus—the images flashing back in my mind now compelled me to shout, to almost scream:
Haruto: "Get down!!"
As if to catch up to the images playing in my mind, the scene in front of me reproduced my memories.
The bus flew up in the explosion and traced the exact same arc as it had before—
It was all going so well. I'd made choices I didn't regret, and now it was all going to be for nothing...!
No, I don't want this...! Unconsciously, I raised my right hand to release my magic.
There was no way my flames could do anything about this mass of metal, and worse, there was a possibility I'd just increase the damage.
I was so panicked I didn't even understand that. I didn't want to accept it. I didn't want that tragedy to—
Riku: "It's alright."
A voice reached my ears, captive as I was to despair.
Akatsuki: "Yeah, it's alright."
I felt like I'd been saved by those words.
She pulled the trigger of her Magi with no hesitation. The shockwave that erupted from it was so powerful that it was nearly visible.
The bus split clean in half. Little bits of it fell around us.
We'd avoided a direct hit, but the pieces of it that rained down were still burning. But a veil of water covered those of us on the ground.
{I'm really not alone, am I?} I could never doubt those two if they told me it'd be alright.
The bus had been mercilessly destroyed, left largely in two pieces.
The rest of it rained down in small fragments around us, but this was incomparably better than what had happened before.
Haruto: "Is everybody okay?!"
Riku: "Yes, though I wasn't expecting a bus to come flying at us. I'm quite surprised. So buses fly these days, huh."
Akatsuki: "Surprised? That's your surprised face? Coulda fooled me."
Riku: "I get that a lot."
Hearing the same sort of conversation as always, I realized we really had averted the tragedy.
It looked like there were some people nearby who'd been hurt by the flying fragments, but if the same thing had happened this time, they wouldn't have gotten away with just injuries.
Haruto: "We've got to see if they're all okay—"
Thankfully, we were all safe. Since we could move, we should take the initiative to help the others.
Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "Asahi, is something wrong...?"
Asahi: "...No, it's n—"
Asahi looked somewhere over my shoulder.
Asahi: "Ah!"
In the next instant, she went off running, without giving me a second look.
Haruto: "Wait, Asahi, what is it?!"
There was no response to the words I'd tossed after her.
Even if we'd managed to avoid what had happened last time, we were still right in the middle of this chaos. I couldn't leave her on her own.
Haruto: "Look after the injured people, you two!"
I stopped Riku-chan when she started to run after me.
That explosion—since we still don't know how it happened, we can't leave all these injured people alone.
I left Riku-chan and Akatsuki there and chased after Asahi's already shrinking figure.
====================I110.TXT====================
Asahi: "Hahh, hahh, hahh—"
I chased after the shadow, thinking of nothing else.
It wasn't a mistake. I had seen it with my own two eyes.
It was my brother—and he'd been watching me from the other side of a distant street.
As soon as I'd noticed him, he'd ducked into a narrow alleyway and disappeared.
As if to lure me away—
Asahi: "Haahh, haahh, what are you trying to tell me...? Why are you running away, Onii-chan...?!"
He appeared distantly in my vision only to once again disappear. I was running as fast as I could after him, yet he didn't appear to be out of breath.
Still, the distance between us wasn't closing at all.
Asahi: "Haahh, haahh... I won't give up. If you really are my brother, then I need to find you."
If there really is no Land of Dreams, if that was just an illusion...
Then I have to make this right. There's someone who taught me that...
Asahi: "Haahh, haahh... ngh!"
I took off running once again. In order to make sure of the truth with my own eyes.
After overcoming one tragedy, I can't allow for another...
Haruto: "Hahh, hahh, where are you, Asahi...?!"
Asahi had taken off running, never once looking back. I'd come this far after her, but she'd finally slipped out of my sight.
It was totally like Asahi to just take off as soon as she'd decided to, but without telling us anything in a situation like this, something really serious must have happened.
Something that serious to Asahi... Does it have to do with her brother...?!
Panting, my shoulders pumping, I heard that sound again from behind me.
I hurriedly spun around—the cold muzzle of a gun was pointed straight at me.
Of course, that wasn't something I could dodge after noticing it. I jumped to the side mindlessly, if only to escape the fear that threatened to crush my heart in its grip.
Haruto: "Kh!"
Fortunately, the bullet that flew from the gun barrel exploded into the ground instead of my body.
The reason for that was clear. It wasn't a lead bullet that had left the handgun, but a condensed mass of flames.
The magic that flew from that gun did so at a speed far slower than that of a bullet.
???/Yumi: "I'm impressed you avoided that."
I'd learned about the functions of that special Magi gun from someone who was important to me one year ago.
Haruto: "...What are you doing here?"
???/Yumi: "What am I doing? Why, my job, of course."
She smiled so easily at the person she'd just tried to kill, spinning her gun on her finger.
Yumi: "Adults are always busy with their work. We're not children like you, Haruto-kun."
Haruto: "Yumi-sensei...!"
It almost felt like I'd gone back to my time at the Academy a year ago, the way she was lecturing at me in that tone.
But the situation was, of course, very different than a year ago. I was no longer an Academy student, and the Yumi-sensei I knew would never try to sneak up from behind and murder me.
Yumi: "It's been a while. You're still ignoring my warnings and risking your life, huh?"
Haruto: "Yumi-sensei, why would you suddenly show up and shoot me...?!"
Yumi: "Well of course I'm going to shoot you. I'm not trying to arrest you like the police would."
Yumi: "And don't call me that, would you? I wasn't teaching because I wanted to."
Yumi: "Imagine being forced to be a teacher just for a stupid job like observing a clone!"
She broke this alarming truth to me like it was nothing.
Haruto: "...So you were in on it."
Yumi: "That's right. My job was to observe you at the Academy and report your progress."
Yumi: "At first I thought I'd be able to impress those idiots who'd undervalued my talents."
Yumi: "It was a top secret government project, after all. If my achievements on that project were recognized, their assessments of me would naturally improve, too."
Yumi: "But that didn't happen. Ever since you disappeared, the only orders I've gotten were 'maintain status quo.'"
Yumi: "'Standby' sounds good, but all they were really doing was trying to force me to be nothing but a teacher."
Yumi: "Do you think I could really let them get away with that? I couldn't, could I? Could I?"
Like Dad, Yumi-sensei had been in on the project. But her reasons for her part in it were clearly different.
Her attitude as she discussed her motives couldn't be more different than my dad's, who'd chosen his words carefully as he'd explained.
Haruto: "...Honestly, I'm not sure if I should be angry with you."
Haruto: "But I don't have time for it now anyway. Please stay out of my way."
I was about to turn around, but a burst of flame hit my feet.
Yumi: "Oh, I couldn't do that. I was told to stop you here. It wouldn't do for you to be running off on your own."
Haruto: "Told to stop me? By who...?"
Yumi: "Who indeed? Not some government dog, that's for sure."
Yumi: "Let's just say it's someone who properly values my worth, and will have a fitting post for me after the revolution."
Haruto: "Revolution...?"
Yumi: "We're rebuilding this world. A world where I'm not valued is a wrong one, isn't it? That has to be rectified, wouldn't you say?"
She didn't look like she was joking. Yumi-sensei really doesn't doubt that that's the right thing to do.
The world doesn't suit her, so she's trying to fix it instead of changing herself.
It all sounds ridiculous, but her eyes are dead serious.
Haruto: "How arrogant can you be, trying to change the world for no one but yourself? Everyone's got a complaint or two. Change everything each time and there'll be no end to it."
Yumi: "Keep up, would you? It's a privilege of the chosen few to do this, obviously. You think it would apply to you?"
Yumi: "You're just part of the majority—someone who should be used by those with talent. Not like me."
Haruto: "...How can you have so much confidence in yourself...? Is it because you can use magic others can't...?"
Yumi: "There's that too, of course. But the magic is just one aspect that signifies how special I am. My true worth is more than that."
She pushed out the cylinder of her revolver and pressed bullets into it one by one.
Magic circles appeared around the bullets in response to her words.
Magic that can switch freely between attributes—the reason Yumi-sensei is classified as such a high-rank Caster, an Expert.
Because it comes with the weak point of being unable to create her own magic, she has to use this Magi gun.
She doesn't even have to have multiple cartridges for different uses like Riku-chan. If she has one variety, she can change it to whatever she wants.
Yumi: "Alright, Haruto-kun. How about you die for me?"
I'd sort of thought you needed something like a type of energy in order to hurt another person.
Like the moment you started the action, you'd require some sort of impetus.
But Yumi-sensei displayed none of that, pulling the trigger like she was exchanging an everyday greeting.
Haruto: "Gh?!"
I took the full brunt of the blast that shot from the gun. I fell to my knees and tried to keep down the nausea rising in me.
Haruto: "Cough, cough—"
Yumi: "Oh, don't be such a baby. I even made them submission rounds so that I didn't hurt you. Of course, I suppose they could break bones if they hit you in the wrong spot."
Haruto: "...Please, stay out of my way! I don't have time to fight you...!"
Yumi: "You're no fun at all. How about I give you a reward, then?"
Haruto: "A reward...?"
Yumi: "You want to know where Rikudou-san is, don't you? I know."
Haruto: "Wh-Why do you—?!"
Yumi: "Because you're just a thorn in our side. She's who we're really after."
They're after Asahi...? What do they want with her?!
Yumi: "That's why I'm so annoyed. Why do I have to do this offstage busywork?"
Yumi: "But it's okay. It means I get to beat you to a pulp, after all—something I've always wanted to do!"
Yumi: "I always hated you. You're not even human, yet you were never troubled by anything."
Her eyes were full of scorn. They were eyes that couldn't recognize her own existence without looking down on the people below her.
Yumi: "You're so foolish, so stunted, and such garbage, Haruto-kun. You should be ashamed of yourself."
Yumi: "Why don't you realize your lack of worth and suffer for it? Whoever said you could smile so freely?"
Haruto: "You were the ones who set things up that way. You can't just change your minds now."
Yumi: "Oh#? You're calmer than I thought you'd be. And I assumed you'd be a bit more depressed."
Haruto: "I'm not who I used to be. I'm like this now because there are people who really care about me."
Yumi: "Barf. That part of you's the same as ever. I honestly think I might puke."
Haruto: "If you know where Asahi is, please tell me."
I stood up slowly, assessing the damage to my body. It seems I recovered a bit while we were talking.
Yumi: "I said it would be a reward, didn't I? I'll tell you if you can beat me."
Yumi: "I'm sure that could never happen, of course. But if you want to know, you'd better hurry."
Yumi: "You wouldn't want to be too late, would you?"
She laughed, toying with me. If Asahi was in danger, that made it a race against time.
I couldn't let the loop of tragedy continue. I couldn't let Asahi be the only one shouldering such a heavy burden.
I concentrated my will in the palm of my hand and slammed it against the ground—
Asahi: "Haahh, haahh, haahh..."
After running so fixedly all this time, I found myself on the edge of the island.
The open field was home to several windmills. This was the wind power station supplying Agartha with electricity—I'd heard of it before, but this was my first time being there.
I lost sight of the man I thought to be my brother some time ago. In my blind search for him after that, I'd ended up here, at a dead end.
Asahi: "Haahh, haahh... where are you...?"
???/Ruu: "Right here#"
A voice came back to me on the wind. I spun around and found a figure in a relaxed pose, opposite my panting, exhausted self.
Ruu: "Did you run all the way here? You've got a lot of energy crammed into that little body, huh?"
Asahi: "...I don't want to hear that from you."
Ruu: "Oh, does it bother you? I'm so sorry. There's demand for our types, though, so I hope you're not too put out."
She put her hand on her head, then walked closer, sliding it parallel to the ground toward mine.
Ruu: "See, we're about the same. A perfect match! We should be friends!"
Asahi: "...Atorin is my only friend. She's enough for me right now."
Asahi: "And you did something horrible to us. I can't trust you."
Asahi: "I haven't forgotten what you put my partners through."
Ruu: "Goodness! You really hold a grudge, don't you? It's not as if I killed them!"
Asahi: "Where's my brother? Where is he?"
Ruu: "Your brother? Now why would you ask Ruu that? I wouldn't know."
Asahi: "That's a lie. You're lying. I can see it in your eyes."
Ruu: "Wow, I'm impressed. You're not even relying on a Dunamis like Ruu, are you?"
Asahi: "The eyes of a liar are muddied dark. Just like yours are now."
Ruu: "Dark eyes? I see, I never noticed that. I'll have to bring white ink with me the next time I go out."
She rubbed her eyelids in an affected way. Even though the eyes of a liar could never be cleansed like that.
Ruu: "Let me confess, then. I do know about your brother. So? What will you do with that knowledge?"
Ruu: "What will information on your brother, who died in a plane crash eight years ago, do for you?"
Asahi: "...I..."
Ruu: "Oh, I'm sorry. Correction: your brother lives in the Land of Dreams. With the rest of your family♪"
Asahi: "......"
Ruu: "How wonderful. If such a paradise exists, Ruu wants to go there, too. Could you bring me along?"
Ruu: "Oh, but you can't get there so easily, can you? You have to overcome trials in order to make it to the Land of Dreams."
Ruu: "I know! Ruu will become one of those trials for you! If you want to get to the Land of Dreams, you'll have to defeat Ruu first♪"
Suddenly, the sound of metal on metal. Blades danced behind her. Things produced only to hurt people.
Ruu: "Well that's the end of our talk, and of you too, I'd say. I'm going to push you, and push you, and grind you down until you want to escape this world."
Her tone was genial, her words dripping honey even as malice spilled out along with them. Dark emotions with no regard for other people were bursting from her.
Ruu: "Your Prince Charming won't come save you. We've taken steps to make sure he doesn't interfere in your trial."
Asahi: "What did you do to Haruto?!"
Ruu: "Oh, don't worry. He's just taken something of a spill compared to what's about to befall you."
Her hand pointed my way. Like obedient hunting dogs, her blades all took aim at me.
Ruu: "Will you arrive at the Land of Dreams you've been chasing for so long..."
Ruu: "...or a labyrinth of time ruled only by solitude?"
Ruu: "Which will it be, I wonder?"
I wasn't able to state with absolute certainty that the Land of Dreams really existed—but the countless blades rushing toward me were very real.
A whirlwind sprang up when she pulled the trigger.
—But then, right before my eyes, blades of ice appeared and gouged at me.
Blocking the merciless attack with my Magi, I took evasive maneuvers at the same time.
If they hit me directly, I had no doubt they'd easily puncture me straight through. They could have had strength on par with Akatsuki's magic, which had cut into the ground.
Yumi: "What's wrong? Just running can't be any fun. Why don't you try to amuse me a little!"
There was nowhere on this open street for me to hide myself. If I devoted myself to defense, the situation would only get worse...
Haruto: "[Flames of azure, burn it to cinders!!]"
I shot off my magic before the gun could turn my way again.
Yumi-sensei raised her hand and the flames that came in contact with it vanished. Or, I should say, they were converted. The flames I'd shot out had become a harmless breeze.
Yumi: "How many times will you repeat the same stupid mistake? Don't you ever learn?"
Yumi-sensei looked down at me, fixing the few strands of her hair that had gone out of place.
Haruto: "...The people you're helping aren't human. They're demons. I don't know what deal you've made with them, but they're only using you."
Yumi: "Huh...?"
Akeno-san had probably noticed that danger, and even she had fallen victim to it.
Haruto: "I know just what they're capable of. They don't think one bit about other people, and if you keep working for them—"
Yumi: "Are you worried about me? Well, don't be. It's just pathetic having someone lower than me think about my safety."
The only response my words got from her was a sneer.
Yumi: "You should just fight for your dear life. I want you to throw everything you have at me and then despair when your hopes aren't granted."
Yumi: "If you don't, it won't be proof of how superior I am. That's about the only use for you incompetents."
Haruto: "...How can you be so confident?"
Yumi: "There's no 'confidence' at all. It's the unshakable truth."
Yumi: "It's the same as oxygen. You don't think about why you breathe. It's just like that."
I finally really realized that the Yumi-sensei from a year ago no longer existed in the world.
This was the true nature of Kohiruimaki Yumi—her heart never wavered in its absolute prioritization of her goals above all else. She resembled Asahi, but was fundamentally different.
Yumi: "Why don't I tell you something nice to get you motivated?"
Haruto: "Something nice...?"
Yumi: "Rikudou Asahi's location. She's at the power generation area past here."
Power generation—the wind turbines on the coast. Asahi's there...
Haruto: "...Why would you tell me that? I thought your job was to prevent me from getting there."
Yumi: "Just like there can't be shadows without light, there can't be despair without hope."
Yumi: "Your despair will be all the better seeing the hope slip away from right in front of you."
Yumi: "Isn't it just so amusing seeing other people's misfortune?"
Haruto: "...You're the worst kind of person."
I couldn't empathize with her way of thinking at all, and a persistent disgust welled up in me. Having ideas so unfathomable to me thrust in my face like this, I wasn't even sure if we were both really human.
Yumi: "But there's no time to take it slow like this. Maybe she's already been killed."
Yumi: "But you don't need to worry about whether or not she's still alive. After all, you won't be able to make it there."
Kohiruimaki Yumi slid out the cylinder of her gun and started pushing the bullets she'd taken out of her pocket into it.
Yumi: "If she's still alive when I get there, I'll beg for them to spare her."
Yumi: "If I told her I had you locked up and could kill you at any time, I bet she'd do anything I told her to, don't you?"
Yumi: "What should I do with her then? Have her entertain some fat politicians?"
Yumi: "She's so small, and with that babyface, I bet there'd be a lot of demand for her. I wonder how her body is. You probably know more about that than I do, don't you, Haruto-kun?"
Haruto: "Shut up!!"
Hearing her talk about someone precious to me like that, I entrusted myself to my impulses.
I ran straight toward her, swinging my Magi—
Yumi: "The blood just goes straight to your head. You're a hopeless idiot, aren't you?"
Kohiruimaki Yumi pointed at the ground before her. Just where my feet were about to land—
A huge puddle formed. It wasn't a sudden rain falling from the sky.
She'd shot water from her Magi gun—and I'd stepped into the puddle formed by all its vestiges.
Yumi: "[Ever-weeping, ever-rumbling!]"
Raising her arm above the puddle, she muttered the words to activate her magic.
Haruto: "Gwaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
The next moment, I was assaulted by a violent pain, almost enough to destroy the nerves in my body—
My limbs spasmed with no regard for my will.
I knew what had happened to me right away. I'd felt pain like this before.
Haruto: "Gh?!"
The electricity eating at me from the ground suddenly ceased and I went down like a puppet with its strings cut.
Yumi: "You okay? I didn't fry your brains, did I?"
She sneered at me, obviously not concerned for me in the slightest.
Yumi: "Well, it shouldn't matter if you go a little funny. You were always a pretty funny kid, after all."
I did what I could to pick up my battered body and get it standing again; it felt like it wasn't even my own.
This isn't the first time I've felt like this. Akeno-san was more brutal. I used thoughts like those to give myself a shove forward.
Yumi: "My, I'm surprised you could get up so soon. Maybe I didn't use enough power."
Haruto: "Haahh, haahh... I barely felt that..."
Yumi: "Come now, you're barely standing with the aid of your Magi. It's a bit pathetic seeing you act so tough."
Haruto: "I'm not acting... it's the truth. It's your attacks that are pathetic."
Yumi: "Huh...?"
Haruto: "There's no weight to them... The overwhelming weight of a person with true resolve."
Haruto: "I've fought people who had that. Compared to them, you're nothing special."
Haruto: "You're not as strong as you think you are."
Yumi: "What's this about weight you're going on about? Are you right in the head?"
My argument was abstract, and she made no effort to understand it. It wouldn't be strange if she cut me down with another sneer.
Yet the smirk had disappeared from Kohiruimaki Yumi's face.
Haruto: "I feel this visceral disgust looking at you, but something about you also seems similar, and I've finally figured it out."
Haruto: "I used to be the same way. When I learned I was a clone and everything had been a lie."
I don't think I would have been able to understand back then. What helped me realize that was the people around me—
Haruto: "Losing the life I'd lived until then, I thought there was no point in going on. I think that was because I only tried to find worth in how people thought of me."
Haruto: "When I learned I was a clone, I realized everyone had just been thinking of me as a tool... and how could I accept that?"
Haruto: "So I did a bunch of stuff to change their perception of me, to show them I wasn't just a tool. I attacked government facilities, I retreated into my shell. But..."
But that wasn't right. What I really needed to be myself was...
Haruto: "You're the only one who can shape who you are. It doesn't matter what other people say. What's important is what {you} think."
Haruto: "What's right, what's wrong. No one else can decide that for you."
Haruto: "So, what's playing fair or not... isn't the root of things. What you need to do is just believe in yourself and take off running."
Haruto: "You can't worry about whether the ball's fair or foul before you run."
The words that came from my experiences up until now... this was a difficult problem. There may not even be an answer.
But I was surprised to find the words coming from my mouth ringing true to me.
Yumi: "What? Save the introspective bullshit. You think we're the same?"
Haruto: "I don't. Not anymore. I'm no longer like you."
Haruto: "You're looking down on me, but from where I'm standing, you seem much more pathetic."
Haruto: "You're not the one moving yourself, and I think that's awful."
Yumi: "H—Hahaha... shit, I think I'm about to snap."
Haruto: "Uh, I'd say you already have, from that face."
Kohiruimaki Yumi's face was twisted into a grotesque mask, showing her true nature.
Yumi: "I don't need your pity, you little fucking piece of trash!!"
She let her rage pull the trigger—a burst of flame impacted me and spread.
Haruto: "Kh?!"
I raised my arms and protected my face. I couldn't burn to death here. Should I jump into the river below—before I could make the decision, she moved again.
Yumi: "You're not going anywhere! DIE!"
The flames covering me changed.
Pressure assaulted me from the feet up. The fire had turned to earth, swallowing me up.
Yumi: "Die! Die right there! Suffocate and die! Suffer unimaginable pain, and die!!"
The earth swallowed up my legs and rose up past my waist, burying me all the way until it hit my mouth and nose.
The light disappeared from my vision, and all I was left with was a world with no heaven and earth, a power pressing down on me from all sides—
Cut off from all oxygen, eventually even the suffocating feeling faded and I was assaulted with a numb sensation deep inside my head.
Is this where it ends—
Will I lose without having protected anyone, without obtaining anything—
I could feel death sneaking up behind me, its footsteps silent—but I rejected it with all I had.
It's not over yet!
You don't know the outcome of the play until an out is called. No matter how bad the situation seems, the game is still on.
All we can do is believe we've hit the ball and take off running.
Now run!!
I took off running in order to avoid the blades flying at me in irregular patterns.
Ruu: "You'd better run faster if you don't want them to catch up!"
Asahi: "Kh!"
The blades flew in my direction, mocking me as they came.
I twisted and avoided them by a hair's breadth, then switched positions to counterattack.
I let off a merciless attack at the girl controlling the blades.
Ruu: "Gather 'round, Ruu's merry band."
Of her flying blades, several that had stayed close moved to block the magic as if with a will of their own.
Ruu: "It's useless, you know. The same thing will happen no matter how many times you try it."
Ruu: "Your magic takes time to prepare, but it flies faster than the speed of sound. If I know when you're going to shoot, though, it's not that hard to avoid."
I was out of breath, but she was practically demonstrating how unconcerned she was with her entire being.
Ruu: "I can understand any and all electrical networks and freely control them. That's my Dunamis."
Ruu: "I can operate machines from a distance, read the minds of nearby people—"
Ruu: "—And falsify memories in whatever way I like. You've indirectly experienced this for yourself, haven't you?"
Asahi: "What a vile ability... Rewriting memories isn't an act that can be permitted."
Asahi: "People use their memories and experiences to determine the way forward. No stranger should be able to manipulate something so precious."
Ruu: "What's wrong with using the abilities I've been given to their full extent? I think it's those who don't use their skills that are truly reprehensible."
Ruu: "Anyway, you use your Dunamis for your own sake too, don't you?"
Ruu: "You've changed the future recorded in the diary, all the while saying it was to get to the Land of Dreams, right?"
Ruu: "Your precious partners look up to your strength. They envy it."
Ruu: "They want to be like you, they want to have what you do—"
Asahi: "Gh?!"
A blade I couldn't fully avoid grazed my upper arm. I pressed my hand to where it hurt, and it came away wet with blood.
Ruu: "But reality is different. The Land of Dreams is just a fiction that you made up to protect yourself."
Ruu: "You couldn't bear the reality of your family's death, so you deceived yourself with a lie. You rejected the very concept of death. You realize that by now, don't you?"
Asahi: "......"
Ruu: "That's why you're so fixated on your brother's whereabouts."
Ruu: "It's only natural, isn't it? Since if someone who's supposed to be in the Land of Dreams is really alive, that's a contradiction. It destroys something at the very core of yourself."
The power to read people's minds—I had to acknowledge her abilities, for her words were the unmistakable truth.
Ruu: "Why don't you just admit it already? You're not as strong as people think you are."
The blades plowed into me. The blow I felt on my stomach was powerful enough to send me flying back several meters.
Asahi: "Cough! Cough—"
I lay there immobile, footsteps slowly approaching me.
Ruu: "I can't turn my Dunamis off, just like people can't turn their thoughts off. All this information I don't even want to know just floods into me."
Ruu: "I was drowning in a sea of disgusting, unsightly emotions, when I finally found a ray of hope to cling to."
Ruu: "It's thanks to one person that Ruu can stand here today..."
Ruu: "That's why I hate you. Ruu's the only person who should be special to him. You're nothing but a nuisance to me."
Ruu: "Now accept the fact that you're just as weak as any other person. That you're clinging to lies to protect yourself."
Her voice suddenly seemed different. Until then it was like I was talking to someone who was far away somewhere.
But it finally felt like she'd come down to where I was, like the moon peeking out behind some clouds.
Asahi: "...You're right."
I whipped my pained body into standing once more. It wasn't the physical pain that really bothered me. Compared to my mental wounds, the physical ones were like nothing.
Asahi: "It's exactly as you say. I've been lying to myself."
The Land of Dreams—I'd believed that everyone I'd lost was there. If I hadn't, I wouldn't have been able to bear the loneliness that bared its fangs and lunged at me.
But...
Asahi: "I don't need those lies now. Since I'm not alone anymore."
I have my partners. My precious, irreplaceable partners.
Haruto always calls me amazing. Atorin's thanked me, too.
—But meeting them saved me, as well. I'm the one who's thankful.
Asahi: "I remember now what it really means for me to be standing here."
Of all the tragedies I've experienced until now... the pasts that stand out the most vividly in my mind are the ones where Haruto and Atorin lost their lives.
I felt with my very soul the meaning of having overcome those tragedies.
Asahi: "Haruto said no one knows whether the Land of Dreams really exists or not. No one can deny its existence, so we can just keep searching for it."
Asahi: "Those words weren't wrong. The Land of Dreams {does} exist."
I can say that after having remembered everything. I can declare it with confidence, now that I can stand where Haruto and Atorin are.
Asahi: "This world, where my precious partners exist... it's going to become our Land of Dreams."
Asahi: "I'll make it that way with my own two hands, and no one else's!"
The arrow in my hand shone as if in response to me casting aside my doubt.
Ruu: "You don't learn... Have your attacks hit even once yet?"
Asahi: "You can defend against my attacks because you can read my mind."
Asahi: "So if I don't know where they're going, you shouldn't be able to avoid them."
Magic expresses the mind. I'm sure now I can recreate the image I'm seeing in mine.
I didn't aim at the girl whose composure was finally cracking, but up at the vast sky above. The flash of light sped from my bow and danced in the air.
Imagine it. The sight I need to pave the way forward—I looked up as if in prayer.
Ruu: "Huh... This is, like... that kinda thing, huh?"
My wish came true. The arrow of light became a globe like the sun... and then burst.
Asahi: "Kh!"
Narrow beams of split light rained down indiscriminately on the earth.
One of them grazed the back of my neck. Pain like a hot pipe had been pressed against my skin raced through me.
Ruu: "Ah... yeah, I thought so. It's like an 'even at the cost of my own life' kinda thing."
She'd made a wall of blades to block the light raining down. It hadn't been enough to damage her.
Asahi: "If you're blocking attacks from above, you won't be able to block attacks from the side!"
After she'd moved her blades above her, I shot off more magic. I was aware of the danger to myself, but it was the only thing I could think to do.
But that wasn't enough. If I didn't rain down more light on her, she'd block my real attack too.
Ruu: "Calculating cheaters could never manage an attack on the brink of madness—"
Asahi: "You can read minds, right? If you still don't get it, I don't think you ever will!"
Asahi: "If there's no other way to beat you, then..."
I concentrated my will on the fingers drawing my bow.
More, more, more—I was imagining shooting stars. Countless meteors streaking through the sky.
Asahi: "I won't hesitate any longer!"
I put everything into that light, and it raced toward the sky. This was a beacon. A signal for a fight with lives on the line.
Asahi: "Gh!!"
A flood of arrows, outnumbering even the ones before, rained down on us. They shot mercilessly at me where I stood, undefended.
Pain struck me in several places, yet I couldn't go down.
Asahi: "I'm not alone! So I won't give up!!"
I was beginning to go numb. Half of my vision was nothing but green grass. I must have fallen to the ground.
Ruu: "Marvelous!"
Ruu: "Reversing an irreversible power balance with force of will alone—ahh, Ruu hates that sort of thing, and she loves it, too."
Ruu: "I can't understand it, after all. Since I have power myself. I'll never be able to understand the retaliation of the powerless."
Ruu: "If an arrow hadn't caused your aim to stray, perhaps it would be Ruu on the ground."
Ruu: "I'm truly jealous. Ruu will never be able to experience burning out against a powerful foe..."
Her words reached my ears. It appears my plans failed.
Asahi: "...It's not over... yet..."
I felt sorry for my battered body, but I couldn't afford to let it rest.
No matter how much damage I'd taken, if I could still move, it was no reason to give up.
Asahi: "One more time... One more time..."
I slowly moved my leaden limbs. If once wasn't enough, then twice. If twice didn't work, then thrice—
Asahi: "I can go as long as it takes... since it's my trial...!"
Ruu: "As long as it takes, eh... I'm well aware of how much willpower you have."
Ruu: "But... you know, the righteousness of the powerless doesn't really get Ruu going."
Ruu: "Let me just remove the threat, at least. I'm sorry, but we're going to have you loop again."
I won't let her. It's my duty to change this world. I'll make it into the Land of Dreams with my own hands.
I put all the strength I had into my arrow. But—
Asahi: "Ah...."
My vision suddenly receded. The strength left my arms and I fell to the ground like a bird without its wings—
No, this isn't over yet. Move... I have something to accomplish... I have to arrive at the Land of Dreams...
No matter how much I pleaded, my consciousness continued to fade. The dark emotions that symbolized tragedy became a haze that obstructed my way.
Asahi: "...I'm sorry, Haruto..."
The wall of this trial was too high to climb, and having slipped from it, I tumbled down into hell.
I'll never grasp light with these hands again—
Haruto: "It's not over yet."
Haruto: "This time, I'll save you, Asahi."
Unblemished, pure white words—the owner of a noble soul took my hand.
I felt a warm strength flowing into me from that hand. Courage filled my heart—
Ruu: "Oh my."
The jester wearing her human mask lacked her usual composure.
I've taken it from her, as has Asahi. Each step we take forward corners her further.
Ruu: "Didn't you run into Kohiruimaki Yumi? Don't tell me a teacher was playing hooky."
Haruto: "My presence here is answer enough, I think."
Ruu: "Huh...? That useless fucking bitch. Guess we're done with her if she can't even slow you down."
Asahi: "Haru...to...?"
Haruto: "Yeah, it's me. It's alright, I'll handle the rest."
When I look at Asahi's wounds, I can tell how hard she struggled.
Ruu: "What a cool line. Ruu wants to hear one of those too, Mr. Hero of Justice Haruto-san♪"
Haruto: "If a hero is someone who rushes to help their allies when they're in trouble, then I guess that's what I want to be."
Haruto: "Akatsuki can even make fun of me for it. My dad can yell at me for it. If that's a hero's fate, then I'm resigned to it."
Ruu: "...Is that so. Well, how about this, then?"
Ruu slowly took something out. I put my guard up, but it quickly became clear that it was nothing but a portable terminal.
Ruu: "Ever heard of ICBMs?"
Ruu: "Intercontinental ballistic missiles, that is."
Ruu: "You know, for nuclear weapon delivery."
Haruto: "What about them—"
Ruu: "I've just hacked into a base in a certain country with this terminal here."
Ruu: "And a missile's just launched, aimed at this exact location."
Ruu: "Congratulations! Asahi-san, you're the target! I've set it to track you, so you can't run."
Haruto: "What did y—"
Ruu: "Oh, but there isn't actually a nuclear warhead on board, so if you move away from Asahi-san, you'll be safe."
Ruu: "Though I'm sure if it impacts here, it'll wreak havoc on Agartha's power supply, driving the island into even greater chaos."
Ruu: "But that's not Ruu's problem, so I'mma get the heck outta here!"
Haruto: "You're not going anywhere!"
I set Asahi down gently and lifted my Magi.
Haruto: "If I defeat you before the missile hits... what'll happen?"
Ruu: "If control returns to the operators at the base, they'll probably set it to detonate in the air."
Haruto: "In other words, there's a way to get out of this without abandoning Asahi."
Ruu: "Well, in theory. Not that it'll happen."
Ruu: "Instead, she'll be trapped in a prison of time. A labyrinth she'll wander through eternally."
Haruto: "I won't let you do that! I'll never let a partner of mine be alone again!"
Asahi has saved us again and again in exchange for her eternal solitude. This time, it's our turn to save her from that fate.
I charged in, pushed forward by the explosive propulsion. But my attack was met with that same cool smile.
Ruu: "It's all useless♪ No matter how hard you try, your sword won't reach me."
Ruu: "Ruu isn't some underling like Kohiruimaki. Go ahead and struggle all you like against this impenetrable wall."
Haruto: "We won't know until we try! If you give up before you even start, you won't change anything!!"
You can run and run and run and when you finally open the door before you, maybe what you were hoping to find there won't be inside.
But you'll never know what's there unless you open the door. So I'm opening it. And into that action, I'm putting everything I have!
Ruu: "This is... It couldn't be!"
I pumped everything I had into my Magi. All the humiliation and regret I'd experienced—
The blow that had everything in me behind it destroyed my opponent's Magi, sending her flying at the same time.
I heard her laughter from beyond the smoldering flames.
Ruu: "Right at the eleventh hour, it comes together... you've finally overcome it, you complete idiot♪"
Ruu: "It's just like he said. The world really does revolve around him."
Ruu was lying on her back, looking up at the sky with a sinister smile on her face.
She must not have taken much damage; with a shout, she leapt lightly to her feet. Her blades were still functional, and gathered around her.
Haruto: "If you want to keep this up, I'm game."
She turned her back to me in scorn as I tried to gather myself together as well.
Ruu: "I don't think I want to fight with you now that you control the Victor's power."
Ruu: "That power can swallow up any other Dunamis, after all."
Ruu: "Our plan can now move on to its final stages. I don't have time to fight with you anymore!"
Ruu: "Oh, but I forgot just one thing."
Ruu: "The missile headed here has Magitronics on board."
Ruu: "Its propulsion relies on magic, so if you use your power, maybe..."
Haruto: "W-Wait—?!"
Ruu moved to the edge of the cliff and gave me another of her ominous smiles.
Haruto: "—?!"
And she simply threw herself into the sea.
I rushed over and looked down.
Haruto: "She's gone...?!"
She'd disappeared. Had she sunk beneath the waves? There were so many things I had to ask her—
I stifled my frustration and turned around. The only thing I can do now is go to Asahi's side and—
Haruto: "Huh? Asahi...?"
She wasn't in the spot where she'd just been. I looked around frantically and saw her limping pitifully away.
Haruto: "Asahi! What are you doing?!"
Thankfully she wasn't moving much faster than walking speed, so I was at her side immediately.
Asahi: "Stay back...!"
Haruto: "What is it? Why are you suddenly—"
Asahi: "...If you're with me, you'll die too, Haruto..."
Asahi's eyes moved as her shoulders heaved with her breathing. She was looking up at the ordinary white clouds in the sky, and beyond them, a small point slowly moving...
Haruto: "No... Is that—?!"
The outline of the small dot grew clearer before our eyes.
Haruto: "That can't... Isn't her power gone—"
The missile was approaching Asahi. Meaning the evil that had sparked this phenomenon was still in good health.
Asahi: "Run, Haruto. There's no need for you to die, too."
Haruto: "I won't die. And you won't either, Asahi."
Asahi: "Huh...?"
Haruto: "We're both going back to Riku-chan. Both of us have to be there."
Haruto: "If there's any chance of that remaining, then I won't run—"
I'd have to disable the missile before it struck—that was the only answer that I could come to.
Asahi: "Haruto, what are you going to do?!"
Haruto: "Take down a missile."
I'd have just one chance—it was the bottom of the ninth, with two strikes and the bases loaded.
Haruto: "Unlike in baseball, though, we're gonna be in trouble if I miss {and} if I don't swing, which kinda sucks..."
I poured flames into my Magi as if revving its engine.
Asahi: "Wait, you can't! It's way too dangerous!"
Haruto: "You've never listened to me when I've said that in the past, so I'm not listening now either."
Asahi: "Haruto..."
I gave Asahi a smile to assuage her worries.
Haruto: "Remember when you fell from the Academy roof a year ago?"
Asahi: "Huh? Why bring that up all of a sudden...?"
Haruto: "Back then you said you hadn't fell, you'd flown. You said something like 'humans can fly in the sky too.'"
Even if my power was something other people had given me, something that I found distasteful, if it could save Asahi, I didn't care.
Haruto: "I'm gonna go find out if we've got wings on our backs..."
I raised my Magi up high and focused only on the approaching missile.
I released all the power I was storing up in one burst.
The explosive propulsion of my Magi drove me into the air.
The moment of impact came well before I could check to see how far from the ground I'd come.
The moment I arrived above the missile's trajectory, I let go of my Magi. Its power wasn't going to stop the missile.
That power seemed deeply familiar to me, as if it had been there from the beginning and I only needed to notice it.
I recalled Ruu's words. If I used the Victor's power, this power, I might be able to stop the magic-propelled missile.
From my previous experience, it was worth it to bet on that all-or-nothing chance.
...No, if I'm afraid of the results before I even try, I won't accomplish anything.
All we can do is keep running. That's it—
Haruto: "You've caused me so much pain!! You could at least be useful at a time like this!!!"
When the missile, several times my size, came within range, I released the pulsations inside me.
Light gathered in my hand and formed into a distinct shape.
I knew how to handle it at once. I knew no other way to use such a thing, after all.
The lines I traced in the air captured the cylindrical weapon, but there was no physical change in the steel object.
It felt like time stopped for a moment, then I watched the missile slowly pass by, as if I were wishing upon it.
If Ruu was telling the truth about the missile's Magitronics—
If this power demonstrated the effects I'd supposed it would—
Haruto: "FAAAAAAAAALL!!"
It was a scream from my soul—and as if in answer, the jet flames serving as the missile's propulsion went out.
Losing its power to fly, the missile went down, soaring on inertia alone.
Its speed dropping as I watched, the giant sunk down without even reaching land.
My job done, I plummeted into the sea lit by the setting sun behind it.
My consciousness came back to me with the sensation of wetness on my cheeks.
Haruto: "Gh..."
Right, that missile came flying, and... Suddenly the border between life and death grew hazy and I moved my arms and legs.
Good, I can feel them. Everything hurts, but my limbs are all still attached, at least.
Asahi: "Thank goodness, you're awake."
Haruto: "Asahi...?"
She was looking down at me, her face a mix of joy and anxiety. My head appeared to be on her lap.
I thought I fell into the sea... I guess Asahi must have dragged me back out.
Asahi: "Don't be so reckless... I don't know what I'd do if I lost you, Haruto..."
Haruto: "Ah, yeah... I'm sorry."
Recklessness is Asahi's specialty. She shouldn't be getting mad at me just for pushing myself a little—
In this moment when we've overcome tragedy and the crisis has passed, I should be allowed to complain a little, at least.
Yet an inexplicable unease prevented me from voicing the words.
Why...
Why am I seeing the same thing, when I've supposedly overcome the tragedy?
The sound I heard signaled that this world operated under pre-established harmony.
The ocean doesn't turn sweet if you drop a sugar cube into it... and the voice repeated the same line as if to laugh off our resolve as being equally inconsequential.
???/Touya: "Your continued resistance will lead me to discover whether or not fate has chosen me."
The hooded figure reached out a hand to Asahi's chest as if it was on a predetermined course.
Stop, don't do it—
Don't take Asahi from me—
???/Touya: "Farewell, my dear 'trial.'"
My wish did not come true. A small fragment of something giving off an ominous light was pressed to Asahi's chest.
All I could do was watch the moment, holding my breath, as something precious was taken from me.
Asahi's body rose into the air as if being toyed with by an unstoppable power.
Haruto: "Asahi!!"
Asahi: "Stay back!!"
That rejection prevented my hand from reaching her.
Haruto: "No! Why?! If this goes on, you'll—"
The phenomenon occurring before my eyes—Asahi's Dunamis was activating.
Asahi: "I remember it now... That horrible tragedy, losing you and Atorin..."
The memories from before I'd looped—it wasn't strange that Asahi remembered them, since it was her power that had brought me back.
Asahi: "If you come over here, you might get caught in it too. I don't want that to happen."
Haruto: "Why?! I can't leave you alone, Asahi!"
Asahi: "Listen. I found my Land of Dreams. The dream you believed in, it really existed."
Asahi: "It's this world, where we've overcome so many tragedies. I'm going to make this world, where you and Atorin are alive, my Land of Dreams."
Asahi: "So... even if I'm not there with you, it doesn't matter."
What you gain, what you lose—we're nothing but small cogs in society. You can't obtain everything you wish for.
You have to compromise throughout your life, sometimes laughing, sometimes crying.
That's what's right. I'm sure it's supposed to be that way.
But just Asahi—no one else, just the Asahi who's always believed in herself—I didn't want her to have to look like that. I didn't want to allow it.
I want to take away anything that could make her sad, so that she can continue to be Rikudou Asahi.
Haruto: "...Do you want to be with me, Asahi?"
Asahi: "Huh...?"
Haruto: "Not just me. Riku-chan, too. Do you not like us anymore? Is that why you're talking like that?"
Asahi: "...Why would you say something like that...?"
A deep sadness took hold in Asahi's eyes.
But that sadness, this tragedy, we have to overcome it. And what we need to do that is determination and courage—
Asahi: "...I do, I want to, I want to be with you, I don't want to be apart!"
Asahi: "I don't want to be... alone anymore..."
Asahi: "I want to stay with you two forever..."
Haruto: "Thank you."
Asahi: "Huh...?"
Haruto: "Thank you. Those words are enough for me to keep running."
I calmed myself and materialized my will, just like I was using magic.
But this power isn't magic. All the nerves in my body can perceive the difference clearly.
Haruto: "There's no 100% guarantee that I can save you. I don't know if this choice is the right one or not."
I looked back on everything that had happened until now.
The first time I noticed something strange was a year ago. It was when Akatsuki's magic attacked me at the mall. The park, when I was being controlled by Ruu, my fight with Kohiruimaki Yumi—and the missile just now.
There were plenty of puzzle pieces I'd been handed for figuring out this power.
...Still, I wasn't certain, and I couldn't expect anyone to give me a detailed explanation. All I really had to go on was Akeno-san's comment at the Symbol Tower a year ago.
"Their research began to focus on unlockin' the latent abilities of the clones."
If this power is exactly what they were after, there's nothing that would upset me more. But still—
Haruto: "I'll accept any humiliation if there's even a 1% chance of saving you."
Haruto: "Asahi, do you trust me...? I'm sorry, but I can't say this will be a walk in the park, exactly."
Asahi: "Haruto..."
This power can nullify magic. But what Asahi's caught up in right now isn't that.
There's no guarantee it'll go the same way.
Asahi: "...Do it. I trust you, Haruto."
Asahi: "You've flown in the sky. I'm sure you can take us to the Land of Dreams."
Haruto: "...Let's go. I know we can make it there."
Nobody knows what's right and what's wrong. All we can do is believe we've hit the ball and take off running...
I took the lance, the embodiment of my power, and thrust it into Asahi's chest.
The wind blew—
It felt like we were at the very center of the world. Countless scraps of paper flew on the wind whirling around us. Are those the pages of the diary...?
Asahi's Dunamis was destroyed, and the sight was like a symbol of its demise.
Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "Asahi...?"
They disappeared—the traces of the repeated tragedies faded away with the light. Like the flame of a candle proclaiming its existence just before it goes out—
Asahi: "I was always so scared."
Asahi: "So terribly frightened that all I could do was avert my eyes from my past."
Asahi: "Because I thought I'd be crushed by it if I was all alone..."
Haruto: "You're not alone. We're with you."
Haruto: "We were all missing something, but we made up for those deficiencies together."
Haruto: "It doesn't just go one way, either. We're only partners because we all help each other."
Asahi: "...You're right. You and Atorin are my irreplaceable partners."
Asahi: "This is my Land of Dreams. I don't want to go anywhere else anymore."
Haruto: "We won't let you go. We won't let you be alone anymore, Asahi. No matter what."
Asahi: "Thank you... I'm so glad I fell in love with you two."
Asahi: "I love you, Haruto."
The pages of the diary turned into tiny scraps and faded away.
In a pure white light.
But Asahi's smile shined brighter than anything else. I don't think I'll ever forget that sight—
====================I111.TXT====================
Yuuji: "You dumbass! How many times is it gonna take for you to understand?"
My dad's shout echoed through the crowd, drawing several pairs of eyes our way.
Yuuji: "Charging straight into a missile? Just how reckless do you have to be to be satisfied?!"
Haruto: "Sorry to worry you. But it was all I could do."
Haruto: "If that thing had crashed, none of this would still be here."
I stared over at the missile lodged into the cliff where land meets sea as I begged forgiveness from my dad.
In addition to him, dozens of police officers and rescue teams had come running too.
It only made sense for there to be a commotion after a missile came flying at us from another country.
Yuuji: "Haahh, still, I can't believe you..."
Akatsuki: "Heeey! Harutooo!"
Asahi: "Ah, it's Atorin!"
Akatsuki ran over, waving his hand. Behind him, Riku-chan slowly followed, eyeing the people around them.
Dad said he'd be right back, then walked over to a nearby BURST officer.
Akatsuki: "I'm glad you two look safe, but what's this commotion about?"
Haruto: "It's because of that."
Akatsuki: "Whoa?! What the heck's that?! A missile?! What's it doing here?!"
Haruto: "Well, it's a long story... but we got through it without a major disaster, at least."
Akatsuki: "Just what I'd expect from the peace-loving ally of justice: Super Haruto."
Akatsuki: "So he saved the citizenry from the threat of a missile this time, eh?"
Riku: "What are you just taking him at his word for? You don't think a missile's pushing it a little?"
Haruto: "Did you guys do okay, Riku-chan?"
Riku: "We had a nice walk in the park compared to whatever it is you two were dealing with here."
Riku: "What do you have to do to get a ballistic missile thrown at you, really?"
Akatsuki: "What, you've never seen something like this in a movie, Atori-san? It happens all the time."
Haruto: "Yeah, it does."
Riku: "By your standards, I suppose we can expect a meteorite to come falling next."
Akatsuki: "It's cool. No matter what strikes next, he'll never let it beat him. That's what heroes are all about."
Haruto: "A meteorite, huh... You'd need a big glove for that."
Asahi: "Haruto really is good at catching baseballs! I'm sure he could handle it."
Riku: "Alright, I'm hiding your glove, so please don't get any crazy ideas."
Riku: "Anyway, why are you two holding hands...?"
Haruto: "Hands...? Oh, just 'cause, I guess."
I glanced down at my hand, entwined with Asahi's. Ever since the danger had passed, we'd been holding hands. I'm not even sure who started it.
Riku: "......"
Haruto: "R-Riku-chan?"
Riku: "Dosukoi, dosukoi."
Haruto: "Wah?!"
Riku-chan shoved herself in between me and Asahi, breaking apart our grip.
Haruto: "Wh-What are you doing, Riku-chan...?!"
Asahi: "Practicing to be a sumo wrestler?"
Akatsuki: "Time and place, you two. You'll make other people jealous showing off like that."
Riku: "Jealous? Me? Ridiculous."
Riku: "......"
Riku: "...You think so?"
Haruto: "Uh, I'm not sure I know the answer to that..."
I was the one who wanted an explanation, but she didn't look like she had a better idea than I did.
Yuuji: "Heeey, Haruto!"
Dad came back after talking to the BURST officer.
Yuuji: "Get in an ambulance and go to the hospital. You see 'em parked over there?
Haruto: "Asahi should go before I—"
Yuuji: "You really think you can be worrying about other people when you look like that?"
Haruto: "Ow ow ow! I-I got it, don't hit me!"
Yuuji: "There's another one for her, of course. Go get treated at the hospital, you two."
Asahi: "We can take the same ambulance."
Riku: "No you can't. No more head starts. I'll come along with you."
Asahi: "Well, alright, if you say so, Atorin."
Akatsuki: "Guess I'll follow you guys to the hospital. Need some company, Haruto?"
Haruto: "Nah. You go with your dad, Akatsuki."
Yuuji: "The ambulances are right over there. See 'em? Just get in and go to the hospital."
Haruto: "You're such a worrywart. I'll go, I'll go."
Yuuji: "Whose fault do you think it is that I ended up like this?"
I left my dad behind as he sighed and headed for the ambulances he'd pointed out.
A lot of stuff happened, but the problems are solved for the time being.
Riku-chan and Akatsuki both survived and I prevented Asahi from looping.
The obstacle we were up against was the same as ever, but I thought we'd at least have a brief moment of peace to enjoy.
Haruto: "Huh?"
For a moment, something slipped past me.
I'd only been considering the crowd of people as a background image of sorts, but a voice among them was clearly directed at me.
???/Touya: "Your continued resistance will lead me to discover whether or not fate has chosen me."
A scene floated up from the bottom of my memories—
I knew "him."
I definitely recognized his face.
But what—what was he doing...?
Why do I have to hear those words that herald tragedy from his lips—
???/Touya: "I do hope you won't disappoint me, my new 'trial'—"
I couldn't move, like I'd taken root in the ground.
Suddenly, the facts all came together in my head.
It was like the whole capacity of my brain was focused only on weathering that load.
By the time I finally managed to turn around—
—The figure had already vanished.
====================J001.TXT====================
In recent times, the average human life span has risen above 88 years.
A world without war.
A steady supply of necessities.
Remarkable developments in medical technology.
—It has become possible to spend one's final years much more comfortably.
The Hood gave its unrestrained commendations to the masses who rejoiced in their dull lives so lacking in stimulation.
It would crush them with pity.
It would frolic with joy.
It was one who believed destroying humanity to be a good deed—one might call it a madman.
"You don't live your life very wisely, do you?"
Shioriko: "...You can only feel as dedicated as you are busy. I've always just run in pursuit of the truth."
The reporter who'd learned too much gave a resolved reply to the whispers of this madman, sickly sweet like boiled-down chocolate as they were.
Shioriko: "I wanted to reveal to the world just how repulsive this magic is, that they find so convenient."
A population swelled too great. A lifespan extended too long. To the Hood, this woman reporter was just another ant in the colony.
—Or so it thought.
Shioriko: "Ahh... this ending really suits me."
At the reporter's muttering, the Hood's arms, raised to perform its {operation}, stopped. Interested, it lent her an ear.
Shioriko: "I'm going to die without fulfilling my goal... killed by the villain as a {mere afterthought}."
Having committed dozens, no, hundreds of vile acts, the Hood was well aware.
That many people, on the brink of death, mistakenly perceived their demise as a great event.
Human lives are barely worth anything, yet they insist so idiotically on making a scene.
That was why the Hood nodded deeply when the reporter appraised her own death as insignificant.
Shioriko: "I didn't want to spend one second in this modern magical society founded on that bloody Holy War."
Shioriko: "But I decided I'd live until I died."
The reporter learned that she would not be able to live out her natural lifespan.
Sensing clearly that she would soon no longer be {herself}, she concentrated all her remaining energy on not looking back at her life until then, but on a single emotion.
Shioriko: "...I believe in... your... perseverance......"
Even losing the {self} she'd fostered for so long, the reporter chose to continue her pursuit of the truth.
Though I knew it was pointless, I kept dialing Kamidate's terminal, and when my attempts entered the double digits, our destination came into sight.
Senri: "Do you know how many of these experimental facilities they had out in the suburbs?
I don't mind if you only have old data from when you were working as Inui's arms and legs."
Fiona: "There were plenty of Atori research facilities here and there, but they were unrelated to the organization's conspiracy."
Senri: "We were attacked by one of the victims of those experiments in the park. You saw the body, didn't you? Then there's the large amount of Fragments Etoh brought us. Something about it bothers me."
Two monsters created by embedding Fragments into them—that brought to mind one possibility.
Fiona: "Well, the proof's in the pudding. We just need to check it out ourselves, right?"
Fiona: "There are no experimental sites where we used Fragments other than the one I brought you to."
The facility Kohiruimaki had partially destroyed for the sake of her scheme was in front of our eyes, as-yet undemolished.
The simple, warehouse-looking building looked mostly the same, with just some simple repairs being done on the several destroyed rooms.
Senri: "Currently unused, eh? Suppose that makes sense..."
There was thick barricade tape at the entrance to prevent those without authorization from getting past.
That alone wasn't enough to draw the eye, but...
Fiona: "It's odd."
Senri: "It is."
We turned back and hid quietly. We'd approached too carelessly, but it appeared we hadn't been noticed.
Former Vigilante Yoshida: "Fwaaah# I'm beat. Pooped. Who knows what the fuck the Ministry's thinkin' about now that Inui's dropped dead too."
Former Vigilante Takemaru: "I heard there were some riots, but it's so quiet over here I'm bored outta my skull. What the fuck's taking that guy, anyway? Where're my cigs?"
Gathered there were the former vigilante corps—now civil servants working for a branch of the Ministry of Magic called the "security force."
They could have just been guarding the building, but the sight of them loitering there, yawning, stimulated my memories.
Senri: (...It's almost like......)
It wasn't odd to think they could have been stationed here to stop us, like that clone was in Inui's mansion.
Senri: "...Guess you were right."
Fiona: "I'd put our chances at 80%."
There was nothing linking Kamidate to this location.
We may have been operating under a misconception.
Even so, we had no other ideas.
Fiona: "Let's go."
Fiona made to walk casually up to the building, but I stopped her.
Senri: "We can't mount a frontal attack. If they get off a call for backup and Kamidate's inside, she could be in danger."
Fiona: "S'pose so."
I was bothered by the curtness of her reply.
I couldn't imagine she was driven by a desire to get revenge for the priest right at the moment, but we were up against those former vigilantes. I was still a bit concerned about her judgment.
This group had no qualms about desecrating the dead. If they disrespected his memory, Fiona could lose herself in rage.
Fiona: "Still, we're going inside, right? How do you plan on getting past them?"
Senri: "We know that the facility is suspicious now. We just need to change our infiltration route. I want to avoid unnecessary conflict."
Fiona: "Yeah... but..."
Fiona: "I feel like I should save them in the true sense of the word, in the priest's place."
Probably unmotivated given the Ministry's suspension, their work ethic was at an absolute low. I could just see them turning to crime as soon as they lost their jobs.
Senri: "...How would they be saved, and how would you do it?"
Fiona: "If we leave them alone, they'll make another mistake. We have to break their fangs, to rip away the demons of 'violence' possessing them."
Senri: "But even the priest couldn't convince them with words. What are you going to do, beat them like you would when training a dog?"
Fiona: "......"
Senri: "Being too kind to them will only make them worse. It's the same as coddling them. You're not the right one for this job, Fiona."
They won't listen to reason. The best thing to do would be to throw them into an institution and have them undergo personality adjustment.
The priest failed to rehabilitate them. I understand her urge to pick up where he left off, but now wasn't the time for that.
Fiona: "But who other than me would—"
Former Vigilante Yoshida: "—Hm?"
She stopped in the middle of her sentence. She'd gotten so wrapped up in our debate that she'd forgotten to keep quiet. Her mouth slowly closed.
Former Vigilante Yoshida: "Hey! Somebody out there?! Show yourselves!"
Senri: "It's dangerous to hide here. Let's pull back and regroup."
Fiona: "........."
Fiona had eerily stopped, making no move to either advance or retreat. I worried she might attempt something foolish, like forcing her way through.
Fiona: "......Father...?"
In fact, I grew fearful that Fiona's heart was in such disarray that the priest had appeared before her in the form of a hallucination.
But I was wrong. When I followed her gaze, I saw the same figure quite clearly.
Priest/Mikihisa: "........."
Former Vigilante Takemaru: "Th-The priest?!"
Former Vigilante Yoshida: "Whoa?! A-A ghost?!! He's here to haunt us!!"
The members of the "security force" panicked at the sight of the man wearing those black clothes that symbolized the heart of the church.
The terror spread throughout them until they were practically tripping over each other.
Senri: "You're..."
I strained my eyes and picked out the priest's identity.
Mikihisa: "—Yo. What a coincidence."
I'm not sure if it was the clothing that made us mistake Mikihisa for Gaimon, or if it was the atmosphere surrounding him.
From the tips of his toes to the top of his head, you could smell the very essence of hard work coming off of him. His wholly-reworked muscular frame inside those clothes brought Gaimon immediately to mind.
Mikihisa: "Sorry, but I got business with them already. Just sit tight back here and watch."
Senri: "...We're not interested in them. We're here to get inside that building."
Mikihisa: "Oh yeah? Ha, get lost, then. This is a perfect chance for you, isn't it?"
It would be easy to find another way in if Mikihisa drew the security force's attention.
Fiona: "You stopped smoking, huh?"
Mikihisa twitched at that. He probably wasn't sure what to say to someone who'd noticed the change, no matter how trivial it was.
Mikihisa: "The old man wouldn't shut up if I got the smell of it on his clothes, would he? What do you think? It's like cosplay. Just like you, huh?"
Fiona: "You look fantastic. I thought you were really him."
The sister's carefree smile was the same one she'd given the priest.
Fiona: "It should just take a little more getting used to, I think, Mikihisa-san."
Mikihisa: "It's freaky hearing you talk like that, you phony sister. And after you told me I was just an amateur showing off how weak I was, too."
Fiona: "I suppose I was the amateur, calling you that."
Fiona dropped her gaze to the ground and smiled with her mouth alone, but after half a second, she stopped reflecting on her past actions and her eyes glinted bright.
Fiona: "Mikihisa-san, get R-E-K-T."
Mikihisa: "Ready, everyone, kindness time, eh? You're so annoying."
Their two consciences tied them to Father Gaimon's will.
A bird was now leaving the nest the priest had watched over. Fiona smiled as if to celebrate his leaving home.
Former Vigilante Yoshida: "Hey, over here!"
The security force started calling over their members who'd been slacking off somewhere, and my eyes met Fiona's.
Mikihisa: "Senri."
Senri: "What, getting cold feet?"
Mikihisa: "I feel a little... just a little tiny bit like I'm starting to understand your shitty ass, not that I want to."
Mikihisa: "A sister working her hardest at a church nobody ever comes to... able to stay true to herself even rubbing elbows with OutCasts... I hated that."
Mikihisa: "You two had such confidence in yourselves—I was jealous of that too."
There was no regret in his face, because he had already been released from the emotions he was describing.
Senri: "...Looks like there's no clouds left in your sky."
Mikihisa: "Who's got time to look at the clouds? The strong should hurry up and get lost already."
His eyes were completely focused on the path ahead—no longer looking at me—determined to tread it, whether it be on the high road or a trudge through the mud.
Leaving the situation to Mikihisa, we sped over to the other side of the building before the security force found us.
Out of the corner of my eye, I could see more of them closing in on Mikihisa, panting wildly, while we got away.
Mikihisa: "'The church accepts all.'"
Mikihisa: "I'll guide you fuckers in the old man's place. Get ready, weaklings."
Former Vigilante Yoshida: "Ha! Who's a weakling? You are! You're the weakling! Lemme pound in that messed-up head of yours!"
Former Vigilante Yoshida: "That's bright! Hey, what's with the arm? That's nasty! It's all purple, like a huge bruise..."
It was...
Fiona: "Magic...? I thought he had zero aptitude..."
Senri: "......Let's go, Fiona."
Former Vigilante Takemaru: "H-Hey, are you hidin' something, Mikihisa? Now that I think about it, you wouldn't charge in here alone and unarmed, would you?"
Mikihisa: "Huhhh#...? Quit that goddamn twitterin'!!"
Mikihisa: "Until you fuckers get it, I'll help you understand, so line up already!! If you've forgotten who I am, lemme help you remember!!"
???/Touya: "Your continued resistance will lead me to discover whether or not fate has chosen me."
???/Touya: "I do hope you won't disappoint me, my new 'trial'—"
That familiar voice left me with those words amid the large crowd.
Trial—a barrier that stands in one's way as they try to achieve a goal.
We'd undergone trials to make our way here. Individuals' trials became barriers we all overcame together, standing up to them with courage in our hearts.
And our fight is still continuing. We have no time to stop and rest.
When my injuries had been treated, I headed to the hospital lobby, where I met with everyone's concerned gazes.
Yuuji: "Well? Anything wrong with you?"
Haruto: "I've got a lot of bruises, but nothing serious."
Akatsuki: "D'you make sure they got a good look at your head? I bet that's where you have the most issues."
Haruto: "My head? They didn't scan my brain or anything..."
Riku: "Haruto-san, you're being ridiculed right now, you know."
Haruto: "Huh? Am I?"
Akatsuki: "I'm not ridiculing him! Even if surgery could fix him, I'd be against it. I'd never sign off on that."
Riku: "I can't believe you'd say that, and in front of his father, no less."
Yuuji: "Well, just go easy on him, huh?"
The three of them seemed to come to an agreement. I guess they had some differences in opinion, but they worked it out.
Haruto: "What about Asahi? She's not back yet?"
We'd come to the hospital in different ambulances, and were treated in different rooms too. Her injuries had seemed worse than mine...
Asahi: "I'm telling you I'm fine!"
Down a hallway, an examination room door burst open. Asahi emerged from it, covered in bandages and dragging a doctor along behind her.
Resident: "Please settle down! You're injured, you know?!"
Asahi: "I don't need your help! I don't have time to rest! There are still things that I have to do!"
Resident: "At least let me tape you up!"
Haruto: "Asahi!"
Asahi pulled off the bandages wrapped around her like a cat upset about a string clinging to it.
Haruto: "Come on, let them treat your injuries."
Asahi: "Bandages won't fix anything. They'll just make it harder to move."
Haruto: "It'd be bad if bacteria got in your wounds."
Asahi: "Ugh..."
As soon as Asahi stopped, a displeased look on her face, the doctor swiftly patched her up with gauze and medical tape.
Resident: "This will suffice for first aid, but you still need to rest!"
Haruto: "Thank you."
Asahi: "Nnnh... This feels weird... I really have to keep these on...?"
Haruto: "Yeah, when she went to so much trouble to patch you up."
The gauze must have really bothered her. She was looking herself over with a pout on her face.
Asahi: "I can't rest before I find my brother..."
Haruto: "I want to ask you something about that."
In order to string together the truth, I thought back to the voice I'd heard at the wind power station.
Haruto: "The man in the hood who came up to us after the missile exploded..."
Haruto: "Was that your brother...?"
Asahi: "...Yes. I'm sure. That was his voice."
The mysterious man that had appeared at the conclusion of two tragedies—if that was definitely Asahi's brother, then that brings another fact to light.
It was only for a moment, so quick I might have missed it—and by the time I'd turned around, he {had} disappeared into the crowd already...
I recognized that face.
A year ago—an OutCast had caused a commotion in a public place, and he'd been apprehended by none other than me.
Two people reacted to our conversation. The first to comment was my dad.
Yuuji: "Wait, your brother is Rikudou Touya, right? Didn't he die in the plane crash eight years ago?"
Akatsuki: "Did you say Rikudou Touya...?"
My dad was investigating the accident from eight years ago, the Fall of Icarus.
He'd known about Asahi's lost family members the first time he met her too.
But what about Akatsuki...?
Haruto: "You know Asahi's brother too, Akatsuki...?"
Akatsuki: "...I met him in the detainment center. It was his instructions that led to me meeting up with you guys today."
Akatsuki: "'Wait there and your role will come to you,' he said. I didn't think I'd end up fighting you guys, though."
Haruto: "Akatsuki, tell me all you can about him."
Akatsuki: "...I don't know that much about him either. He wasn't the type to talk about his past."
Akatsuki: "I only know two things about him. One is that he's trying to cause a revolution to put magical society on the right track."
Haruto: "The right track...?"
Akatsuki: "Eliminating all magical prejudice. He didn't tell me what his exact plans were, though."
Akatsuki: "But it felt like he could actually achieve it. He told me that there were things even a failure like me could accomplish."
Haruto: "Akatsuki..."
Akatsuki: "Don't look so worried. I'm not about to freak out again."
Akatsuki: "You beat it outta me. All the stuff that was making me crazy."
Riku: "What was the second thing?"
Akatsuki: "Ah, right, this is no time for my life story."
Akatsuki: "You know about the riot in the prison today, right?"
Akatsuki: "One OutCast escaped. And it was..."
Riku: "Rikudou Touya."
Akatsuki: "Yep. It's nice that you're so quick on the uptake. It wouldn't go like this with just Haruto around."
Haruto: "But wait, just because their names are the same isn't proof that he was Asahi's—"
Akatsuki: "I thought of Rikudou-san the first time I heard his name, too. It wouldn't be odd for them to just have the same last name by coincidence..."
Riku: "But it's very unlikely they'd have the same last {and} first name. Rikudou isn't too common of a surname, either."
Akatsuki: "I think so too. At the very least, the odds of finding someone else with the same name here on Agartha must be astronomical."
They were exactly right. I believed they were the same person as well.
Asahi's brother had appeared before us, wearing a hood. And I'd met a man with the same voice.
The OutCast arrested a year ago—it makes sense he'd be in the same facility as Akatsuki.
There was just one contradiction remaining—
Haruto: "Hey, Dad. Are you sure Asahi's brother, Rikudou Touya, died in an accident eight years ago?"
Yuuji: "It was a huge incident. The attention it gets now is nothing compared to the eyes that were on it back then."
Yuuji: "You couldn't fake a death or cover up a survival without authority on the state level."
Yuuji: "I can't imagine that much influence is being thrown around just to cover up one individual's death."
Riku: "However, all organizations function on the orders of their leadership."
Riku: "You wouldn't need to control the whole. You'd just need to manipulate whoever's at the top."
Having experienced Ruu's power firsthand, I understand what Riku-chan is getting at. She could probably control anyone at will.
Haruto: "Dad, if you know anything about Rikudou Touya, could you tell us?"
Yuuji: "What are you going to do with the information? You don't just want to arrange a reunion between a friend and her family, do you?"
What would we do—by finding Asahi's brother, could she get back what she'd lost?
Haruto: "Even if I stop, the world will keep moving around me, like an escalator."
No. That's not it. I just need to know. I'm far too aware of the price of carrying on in ignorance.
Haruto: "I won't be left behind anymore. I can't just pretend I don't see what's happening."
Yuuji: "......"
Dad gave me a sharp look as if to see through to my true intentions, then sighed and took out the notebook in his breast pocket.
Yuuji: "Here's the address of the building where Rikudou Touya lived prior to the accident. It's not far from here."
His pen raced across the paper, then he handed me the page he'd ripped from the notebook.
Haruto: "His address... You memorized everything about the people in the accident?"
Yuuji: "Running around out in the field isn't the only part of a detective's job, you know."
Yuuji: "And if you're investigating a case for years, you remember stuff whether you want to or not."
I checked the address on the paper. It looked like it was in a section of the entertainment district.
Yuuji: "It's been eight years since then. The place is likely in someone else's name by now."
Yuuji: "I guess all you could do is ask the people around there, but... I wouldn't expect much from that either."
Yuuji: "It's been a long time, after all, and it seems like he wasn't around the place very often anyway."
Haruto: "Where was he when he wasn't at home?"
Yuuji: "A government research facility. Rikudou Touya was involved in a magic research project."
Yuuji: "What they were researching must've been top secret, since I couldn't find that out."
Yuuji: "Back then, everybody in the field was trying to out-research everyone else, and nobody wanted any information to leak."
Haruto: "Do you know anything about this, Asahi...?"
Asahi: "I'd heard he was involved with magic research, but..."
Asahi: "...I don't know. He didn't contact us much after he started living on his own."
Haruto: "...Looks like we'll just have to go here and see."
The traces of Rikudou Touya left behind from eight years ago—all we could do now was chase after whatever remained.
No, it's much better than nothing. If there's a goal in front of us, then all we can do is run toward it.
I have to stop predicting the outcome and giving up before I even try.
Fiona: "It feels better than I thought it would to see someone change."
Fiona was pleased about how Mikihisa had changed, as if it had been her who had done so.
Senri: "You really didn't feel anything when believers came to you in search of salvation, huh?"
Fiona: "Back when I was working as a sister, I didn't really care about things that didn't affect my mission."
Senri: "It all starts here. Mikihisa's actions are nothing more than the first step."
Senri: "That still means more than if he never got up to start the race, though."
We'd managed to infiltrate the building thanks to Mikihisa's distraction, but we still had no idea if we were on the right track. There could be some grand secret hiding here, or it could be a complete waste of time.
Senri: "...That power he displayed when we ran off—any idea what it was?"
Fiona: "No, he had no magical aptitude. I was surveilling the whole entertainment district last year, so I'd know."
Fiona: "It could have been a Magi, but I didn't see anything like that on him..."
Senri: "......"
Founder/Noah: "...Let me grant you... a miracle..."
The miracles she was bestowing at Next—if she was temporarily transferring Dunameis, then...
Noah: "Spring will come for you too, Tattoo Man... Don't worry... Don't worry..."
When Noah had touched him then, a Dunamis had sprouted within Mikihisa...
Senri: "...Fiona."
Fiona: "Yeah?"
Senri: "......Nothing, I just felt like saying it."
Fiona: "You're so weird..."
If only we had more information. Making sure to stay cautious, we soon came upon a clear indication that our target had been here.
Fiona: "Senri..."
A single shoe from a pair of pumps had been abandoned in the hall.
Senri: "If that's Kamidate's, I'd say she's in some serious trouble."
This may be extreme, but I'd guess it came off when she was being dragged somewhere against her will.
Senri: "Let's hurry. She can become abnormally fixated on her goals."
Before reaching the rooms destroyed by Kohiruimaki's bomb, I found what we were looking for through a large window.
Senri: "—Well, look who it is."
Fiona: "Just our luck..."
A girl was waving innocently behind the window, fervently attempting to get our attention.
She was the very picture of a cute little girl, using everything she had to invite us inside the room... but she had a handful of thin hair clutched between her fingers.
Senri: (This isn't good. She couldn't have picked someone worse to get captured by.)
Unable to bear the strain, some of the hair was starting to pull free from the scalp it was lifting up.
If we didn't do anything, she might start a fun little dismemberment show for us in short order.
Fiona: "I'll go in first. Don't worry. I'm strong."
I felt hostility rising in her like a fire that had just been lit.
Why... Fiona's always been a reassuring partner to have around, but she suddenly seemed a little distant.
We were greeted by an annoying voice with a lilting rhythm. The room had the same structure as the one we'd been in previously, but it seemed almost warped by the evil presence inside it.
Fiona: "You always did like to get your hands dirty, so I figured we'd run into each other one of these days. I see you're still taking things too far."
Ruu: "Man, I thought it'd be yet another shitty day after so many shitty days, but not so! Any day with Senri is a lucky day for me!"
Swinging her arms like she was marching, Ruu finally stopped when she heard a sound like cords tearing.
Ruu: "Whoa! Gross!!"
Ruu swatted her hands like she was getting rid of a fly. The hair in between her fingers scattered, and the ball it had been attached to dropped to the floor with a thud.
No—it wasn't a ball. It was Kamidate. Kamidate's head had hit the ground.
Mustering up all she had, she managed to turn her neck our way and was trying to get something across to us, but she ran out of strength halfway through and hung her head once more.
I—and likely Fiona as well—gave her a single glance before turning my attention back to Ruu.
Ruu: "Oh, that's good. I like this. It's got promise."
Ruu: "Normally in a scene like this you'd open your eyes wide and go, 'So-and-so?! Miss So-and-so?!' you know?"
Ruu: "A girl gives you a pained groan and you just look back, all cool. I love it. Is it that 'no impression' thing?"
Fiona: "All confusion, discomposure, and pity will bring is failure. As soon as you let yourself be taken over by superfluous emotions, you'll find the tables turned on you."
Senri: "Kamidate's long been prepared for death. Since she's not screaming or begging for help, you can tell, can't you?"
Securing Kamidate's safety isn't what's most important right now.
It's not letting Ruu, the perpetrator of this conspiracy, leave the room. It's depriving her of all freedoms except the ability to breathe.
Ruu: "A question to those who have been on the brink of death before, then. Know how much a human head weighs?"
Ruu stepped on Kamidate's head as if to rile us up. I had no intention of humoring her cheap provocation.
Senri: "About the same as a bowling ball, right?"
Ruu: "Correct♪ They might be a bit heavier if they're packed tight like yours and mine are, though."
Ruu: "But that one next to you and this thing down here are so empty they might as well be made of styrofoam♪"
Fiona: "What's empty is your chest. Or were you not aware of that?"
Ruu: "My!"
Senri: "Empty heads, eh... You may have a point."
Ruu: "Ru?"
Senri: "It might be more productive spending time with you than with these two."
Fiona: "Senri?"
Senri: "...Ruu. Some time ago, you said we were the same. Does your offer from then still stand?"
Senri: "I get it now. I really am more like you."
Ruu: "—Aw, you're trying to butter me up so you can ask me what I was doing here, aren't you?"
She said the words without a single pause after mine, giving no thought to her response at all.
Ruu: "Even with such a barefaced lie, you can give yourself some time if you make them {think} about it. Time to cover the room in ice and put me at a disadvantage... perhaps?"
Ruu: "Well? {Am I right}?"
I felt myself shiver and naturally retreat a step. It was less that she'd guessed exactly what I'd been thinking and more that a strange sensation had suddenly run through me.
Fiona: "There's no need for any tricks, Senri. We've got an overwhelming advantage here, after all."
Sensing my unease, Fiona stepped forward to fully erase it.
Fiona: "A small space. Two against one. Me and Senri. I suppose you'd get chatty with all that against you."
Ruu: "Yes, two against one! But what are you? All you can do is use a little magic, and like I said, your head's completely empty."
Ruu: "So... here."
She threw something underhanded to Fiona, who caught the object and glared down at it. She directed her glare to Ruu next, not even hiding her disgust.
Fiona: "Why is it intact? Why do you have this?"
Ruu: "One question at a time is common sense, is it not?"
Fiona: "I got rid of this."
Ruu: "Oh, I picked it up since I thought I'd return it to you if we ever crossed paths again."
Ruu: "Come now. A murderer can't just stop murdering. It's your God-given talent! Why waste it?"
Ruu had thrown Fiona a bladeless sword—just a hilt—Fiona's trusty Magi, which she'd used to drive me into a corner on multiple occasions.
This relic, which Fiona thought she'd burned up in the flames of hell along with her sinful past, was now once again in her hands.
Fiona: "I'm living to save people now. I don't need this anymore."
Ruu: "Oh, don't say something like that. You'll disappoint me."
Ruu: "Hm?"
Just like that, Fiona's hand stopped right in the middle of throwing her Magi away.
Ruu: "You're completely empty and oh-so-weak... so only when you've got your Magi do you finally count as one."
Senri: "...Fiona?"
Ruu: "So {now}, it's two on one."
Fiona: "......"
A slimy sensation suddenly raced through me.
A sense of wrongness about a situation, emerging from my long experience—simply put, a danger signal that could quickly be summed up as: "shit."
A god of battle had descended into those darkened eyes.
My brain had warned me to dodge before the sword was even in the air. The only way to dodge sword strikes so swift your reflexes aren't quick enough is a trained physical reaction from several bouts of mortal combat.
After I avoided it, my feet left the ground from the gale created by her slash. I lost my balance for just a moment. My soles slid across the floor as I was pushed to the wall. I glanced out at Fiona through frost-dusted sleeves.
She was a monster—I felt the exact thing I'd felt going up against Inui once more.
Ruu: "Swordplay you can't follow with the naked eye! Ah, how scary!"
Senri: "...So this is your Dunamis."
Ruu: "Ah, I finally hear the word from your mouth. You're right. It's something you and I have that Fiona and Inui don't. The power of a god."
The same Dunamis that had manipulated Haruto's memories so that he'd attacked Noah and me—I'm not sure exactly what it is, but it seems to have a wide variety of uses.
Senri: "If you could control someone just by making eye contact with them, I would have been under your spell long ago. There must be some preliminary condition."
Ruu: "Sharp. You're a sharp one, Senri. So why did it work on Fiona if not you?"
Her form was perfect. Fiona's eyes hadn't left me and I had no idea when her next strike would come.
Senri: "I thought you might have some insurance."
Senri: "You must have prepared for this sometime when she was still in the organization. You did it with Inui, with Kohiruimaki... and with Fiona."
Ruu: "Correct♪ I could recycle these little toys anytime I wanted!"
Ruu: "It's almost cute how empty their heads are! They've stayed alive until now just for me to use them whenever I pleased#"
Ruu: "Thank you for being born#♪ I'll use you little consumables how I see fit, then throw you away♪"
"Control" can mean many things.
If it's a miraculous power that makes her targets absolutely obedient, then all I can do is attack Ruu directly.
But from what happened with Haruto, I'd say she's not all-powerful.
If Fiona's memories have just been forged, then if I show her some proof of reality, the contradiction should be enough to undo Ruu's control.
Senri: (What has she done to Fiona's mind, and why is she trying to harm me...)
Ruu: "The world has been so cruel to Ruu. Because of this power, she never got to experience a normal life."
Ruu: "But Ruu's nice to the world. She'll recycle useless people as many times as it takes for them to be worth something."
Ruu: "Ruu recycled Inui, who tried to get at the heart of magic, and Fiona, who lived only for revenge against magic society."
If there was one small mercy, it was that Ruu seemed to be enjoying the situation and was making no moves to escalate it at the moment.
If I went up against both a master of ice magic and that monster, I'd probably be killed like it was nothing.
Ruu: "Father and daughter both, you two are like toilet paper! Recycled scraps that wipe up waste and dissolve in water♪"
Flight. Then spinning as fast as a whirlwind.
A slash powered by both centrifugal force and gravity crashed down toward me.
Her sword would extend as far back as I jumped away. Not back then, forward—I got right in close to Fiona and used her inertia to throw her.
Always ready with a counter, Fiona sped up her fall as soon as she realized she'd been thrown and landed on her feet. Her sword swung and cut into my coat.
Ruu: "Wow wooow, just missed him!"
I had my hands full just avoiding her attack, but with a flash of ice, Fiona was already changing stances.
It had been a while, but Fiona's sword skills hadn't dulled. In fact, they only seemed to have matured with the passage of time.
Sweat formed on my brow. I was running simulations and seeing myself cut down dozens of times in my head, making it clear to me exactly how disadvantageous my situation was.
Fiona: "Gh... ow... ngh......"
Ruu: "Ru? Did we go too far and make the poor thing bug out?"
Fiona clutched at her head and Ruu patted her shoulder like a loving mother. A disgusting smile spread across her face.
Ruu: "You okay?"
Fiona: "It's not enough..."
Ruu: "Mhm."
Fiona: "I have to kill more... I have to stop this..."
Ruu: "Mhm, mhm."
Fiona: "...I'll do anything... to make a world where no one has to suffer tragedy..."
Fiona's lips trembled. Maybe she was experiencing a replay of the hellish pain she'd suffered in the past.
Ruu was making understanding noises, but giving Fiona a snide look from her blind spot.
Senri: "...I see."
Ruu: "Ah, did you figure it out? You figured it out, didn't you, Senri?"
Ruu: "What Ruu did was 'emotion amplification.' Fiona was just pretending to be a good person, you see. On the inside, she still desires revenge."
The negative emotions she'd meant to discard at Inui's mansion had resurfaced and were eroding away at the earnest Fiona intent on her clergywork.
Ruu had dredged up Fiona's remorse and was bathing her in blood once more after she'd sworn to never pick up her sword again.
Ruu: "This girl's really just evil at her core. A killer! But Ruu will put that bad girl to good use...♪"
Fiona: "Haahh... Senri... Ruu......"
Senri: "Fiona..."
Senri: "That girl devoted to her work, always putting others before her without even knowing it—that's the real you, isn't it?"
Fiona: "The real me..."
Senri: "The you right now and the you at the church. Which one did you enjoy more?"
Fiona's empty gaze seemed to search for her purpose.
What was right and what was wrong—a question she should have answered already was now eating at her being.
Ruu: "You can try to forget the days of slaughter you spent with Ruu, but I won't let you♪"
Fiona: "Ruu..."
Fiona staggered a bit, then turned toward Ruu.
Ruu: "What is it? Does the doggy want a tummy rub?"
My solution at the Inui mansion was a temporary one made possible by aggressive negotiation.
Fiona: "........."
What kind of person was Kousaki Fiona Annabel, really?
The priest's death. Inui's death. Meeting Noah and me. She continued learning, continued walking, and found an answer for magic society, and for herself.
She was someone like me, who pushed on singlemindedly toward her goals.
Senri: "I completely forgot."
I finished my battle preparations while Ruu gave me a puzzled look.
Senri: "The Fiona I know doesn't end here."
Ruu: "...Pft, heheh, ahahahaha!! That's rich...! Ruu's Dunamis is absolute, you know!!"
Ruu doesn't notice in her complete confidence. Since she only judges people's strength through violence, she has no way to notice.
Fiona: "...I decided... to spend my third life on nothing but achieving forgiveness..."
I'd steered the conversation in that direction.
I'd tried to find common ground for Fiona to leave the organization and join me instead.
Fiona: "I was trying to ignore the fact that I'd stolen so much with the sword I'd meant for protecting people."
Fiona had done some growing, but now Ruu had given her a new trial to overcome.
Fiona: "The Fiona who committed atrocities in order to achieve her goals, and the Fiona who was earnest and self-sacrificing—"
Fiona: "—I'm both of those people. I'll accept everything that's ever happened to me!!"
Ruu: "Wha—"
The blade was now falling not on me, but on Ruu.
She'd had her perfectly in her sights, and yet the blade struck floor. Ruu shouldn't have been able to dodge the sudden counterattack, yet somehow she'd avoided it.
Fiona: "Can't believe you dodged that. That's your Dunamis too, I suppose?"
With plenty of distance between them now, Ruu sighed, dissatisfied.
Ruu: "I just cannot understand. What's going on here? Your heart should have been filled with nothing but revenge."
Fiona: "This will be the first and last time I thank you, Ruu. I'm truly grateful. Thanks to you, I've finally met my true self."
Her grip tightened on her ice blade. She must have been able to finally accept the weapon, even though it had caused so many people so much suffering.
Ruu: "Your true self...? What's that supposed to mean? You can't accept two contradictory life styles. It's inconsistent."
Ruu: "Can you hurt people again? Save some, while you hurt others?"
Fiona: "I can stand here today... because the heart chilled and the body forged by Sensei..."
Fiona: "...And the heart warmed and the mind forged by the priest, are in harmony."
Truly getting over your traumas requires accepting contradiction. No one has perfect answers, and that's why you have to decide what you think is right.
Fiona: "I'm not the priest and I'm not Sensei. Kousaki Fiona Annabel is the sum of all these things."
Fiona: "I don't much like leaving an avatar of destruction and despair like you alive. I'll destroy evil. I'll help the light along. Even if blood has to flow for it."
Ruu: "Mmm... clever..."
Under psychological pressure that should have crushed her, Fiona shed her skin and survived. Ruu seemed to at least be acknowledging that she'd dug her own grave.
Ruu: "{Two against one} is exactly what I wanted, but {one against two} is a little unfair, don't you think?"
Senri: "You think we'll let you get away?"
Ruu: "Whether you let me or not, I will. Now, welcome to Shangri-la."
Shioriko: "Gh, ggghaaaAAAAAAAhh!"
The snapping must have been the signal for the activation of her Dunamis. Kamidate suddenly lurched up.
The moment we were distracted, Ruu leapt for the door—and for some reason, the electronic lock opened up as if expecting her.
It was as if the door had opened to facilitate her escape.
Fiona: "Won't open. We'll have to break it down."
I saw Fiona run to the door, her trusty sword in hand—but when I saw the peculiar sight waiting for me when I turned my head, I had to raise my voice.
Senri: "Ignore Ruu. Come help me with this."
Fiona: "Huh? Wait, what's—"
Kamidate was engaging in the very strange act of strangling her own neck.
I cut myself off before I could tell her to freeze Kamidate's arms. Freezing them in place with pressure on her carotid would be a death sentence.
Senri: "We'll have to just pull them off of her."
Fiona: "Don't worry. People can't die like that."
Normally, I would agree...
No matter how strong your will, when your brain is deprived of oxygen, you'll pass out and your muscles will relax. It doesn't work as a suicide method.
But that's only normally...
Senri: "Just help me peel them off, one by one. You'll see."
Fiona: "—?! This isn't the strength of a woman—of a human being!"
Kamidate's grip strength had already far surpassed the 200 kg a human was capable of. Her strength was on par with a gorilla, able to peel off a steel plate.
Blood seeped from her neck where her fingers dug in, and those digits were starting to bend and break with the pressure.
The fingers continued squeezing, strangling, even when bone broke through the skin. She'd squeeze until she died.
Fiona: "Senri, let go! All we can do is sever her fingers at th—"
—Creeeeak. Instead of a scream, there was a sound like a door on rusted hinges. Her cervical vertebrae snapped and her neck surpassed its normal range of motion, dangling downward.
It was a gruesome way to die.
Fiona: "......We didn't make it..."
What this death told us was that Ruu was vicious, and even moreso, that her Dunamis was incredibly powerful.
Maybe Fiona was able to break free of her suggestion because it was comparatively less compelling.
Depending on what she does, she's able to influence someone's will to such an extent that they'll kill themselves.
We turned around when we heard someone tapping on the window to see Ruu doing a decapitation gesture with the utmost of enthusiasm.
She sneered for a bit, then disappeared, apparently satisfied.
Fiona: "I once slaughtered an unresisting child just because it was a witness. Maybe I have no right to resent her death."
Fiona: "Still, she deceived Inui, deceived me—I can't help the rage I feel when I think of her looking down on us and laughing."
Fiona put all of her frustration into her fist and went to smash it into the wall, but I caught it just before the impact.
Senri: "Knock it off. You'll hurt your hand like that."
She clenched her teeth and took a deep breath. Having lost an outlet for her emotions, she closed her eyes and started muttering a passage from the bible.
Senri: "........."
I used the light of my terminal to confirm that Kamidate's pupils were no longer reacting, and closed her eyelids now that her eyes had stopped reflecting the world.
Fiona: "Huh?"
I brought my hand down from her eyes then and stuck my fingers in her mouth, opening it and peering inside.
Fiona: "Senri."
I went down her collarbones to her cleavage, flipped up her shirt and looked inside, checked the pockets of her shorts, between her thighs, her butt—I thoroughly probed any area that could hide something small.
Fiona: "Stop that!"
Fiona grabbed the hand I was groping at Kamidate with, but I wordlessly shook her off. I rubbed down her cooling body as if to warm it up again.
Fiona: "Senri! What makes you think you have the right to desecrate the dead?!"
Senri: "Shut up. Kamidate first approached me in order to use me."
Senri: "I'm going to use her for as long as I can, too—that relationship hasn't come to an end just because she's stopped living."
I tossed Kamidate's bag to Fiona, but she didn't look through her effects and just gave me a complicated look instead.
Senri: (Kamidate... {you'd do the same for me, wouldn't you}?)
Kamidate practically said "I'm serious about this" as a catchphrase; she was truly devoted to her goals, and I mean that.
For her, I felt something that went beyond sympathy.
Senri: (I know if I left this world with my goals still unaccomplished, she'd make sure she found all my effects regardless of how anyone nearby looked at her.)
Senri: ({You're the only one I'd trust to do that}.)
She lost her Dunamis in the Holy War, couldn't use magic, and didn't even have a weapon.
Yet she still insisted on coming to the Ministry of Magic with us, at the risk of her life. She had an incredible passion for her goals.
Fiona: "Her bag's done for. The digital equipment and paper notes were both trashed by Ruu."
Fiona: "Even if we tried to salvage some of the data—hey, Senri!!"
I was about to take off Kamidate's shorts and grabbed her belt, but between it and her unadorned underwear—I felt something strange.
Senri: "There it is."
There was a spy camera on her belt so small that you wouldn't notice it unless you touched the buckle.
Fiona: "Huh?"
As there was no playback function on the camera, I sent the data to my terminal and played it there. Fiona peered down dubiously.
The footage started right when she infiltrated the facility.
Playing it on fast forward, I found the recording had picked up the strong-willed, sincere voice Kamidate had possessed in life, and I felt an ache in my chest.
She suddenly stopped at an intersection in the hallway and captured the back of a man turning a corner.
Fiona: "That's not Ruu..."
Kamidate cautiously rounded the corner after him, but was met with nothing but a smooth, featureless wall.
Confused, she began to search the area when she was attacked from behind by someone that sounded like Ruu.
The rest was just the sound of her being dragged away and the floor going by beneath her. This was probably when she lost her shoe.
Fiona: "The man who disappeared into the wall... He went straight in the hall we were just in, right?"
Putting away my terminal, I laid my hands on Kamidate's body once more, going from her head down and fixing her disheveled clothes as delicately as I could.
Fiona: "........."
Senri: "Kamidate... it probably won't be what you want, but I swear I'll use what you've given me to the fullest extent towards my own goals."
Senri: "It must have been tiring running around all the time, day and night. Reporting on hell sounds fun and all, but I hope you take a long vacation in heaven before that."
She'd died gruesomely, strangling herself, but her expression seemed to have softened some.
Senri: "We're going after the man. Fiona, break down the door, would you?"
Fiona: "...Senri......"
Senri: "Yeah?"
Fiona: "I couldn't save her. I got emotional about not being able to prevent a tragedy that occurred before my eyes."
Fiona: "You... You focused beyond her death... and tried to save her in the truest sense..."
Senri: "...I'd just decided for my own reasons to use every bit of this woman that I could. And acted on that decision."
Senri: "That's all."
Unnecessary emotions would just hinder our future action all the more—and people like Kamidate would rather be remembered for their accomplishments than their names.
My head was already full of nothing but thoughts of chasing the man in the video.
====================J004.TXT====================
I put my hand around the doorknob and tugged. Contrary to my expectations, the iron door slowly opened with a scraping metal sound.
Sealed-off air burst from the open doorway. A musty smell stung my nose.
Haruto: "Well... it's open."
Riku: "Then let's go inside. There isn't much room back here, so don't just stand around."
Succumbing to the pressure behind me, I stepped foot inside. I felt a little restless from the guilt of entering another person's house without permission.
Riku: "Guess it's not as empty as we thought..."
On the other hand, Riku-chan strode right in and started observing the room with not a hint of hesitation.
Haruto: "You're being too reckless. What if somebody else lives here now?"
Riku: "Either way, we need to look around. Whether it's a crime or not, it's better to get it over with quickly."
Haruto: "Well, I guess so. Let's split up and look for clues, then."
Riku-chan gave a little nod and disappeared farther into the apartment.
If someone really was living here, she might run into them. I'd say the probability's low, though.
I couldn't sense any signs of life after entering the apartment. Every step I took sent dust spiraling into the air from a thick layer on the floor.
There was only the bare minimum of furniture, which made the bookshelves covering the walls stand out all the more. There was only so much we could examine here.
Haruto: "I'll check out the books over here, so could you do those ones, Asahi? Let's see if any of them give us any hints about the man who used to live here."
Asahi: "Got it."
I gazed at the well-organized collection of books. My eyes landed on some titles I recognized.
{King Lear. Hamlet. Macbeth.}—Even I recognized these names. Shakespeare.
I casually plucked one from the shelf and with it, a piece of paper came loose and drifted to my feet.
A rectangle about the size of my hand... a picture? There was a date on the back of it. It looked like it was from about ten years ago.
I instinctively flipped the picture over.
Haruto: "...What is this...?"
Haphazardly-stripped clothing, and on top of it, some kind of green liquid.
Actually, it looked more like a person wearing clothes had become the green liquid...
While a strange sense of disgust was bubbling up in me, I realized that the picture had been stuck between the pages of the book I was holding.
The book had several other pieces of paper in it as well. I pulled them out and returned {Macbeth} to the shelf.
I ran my eyes over the papers in my hands. They seemed to be some sort of documents, filled with mechanical-looking letters.
XX/XX/XXXX 
Something strange happened to one of the researchers looking into the internal structure of the King's Pillar.
After attempting to make physical contact with the subject, the researcher let out a strange scream, doubled over, and turned to some sort of jelly before he could even be held down.
The cause is unknown. 
 
XX/XX/XXXX 
In an effort to determine the cause, we attempted to recreate the same effect from the other day. Our results confirmed a dense Dunamis reaction from inside the Pillar.
The jellification seems to be caused by a Dunamis effect that spreads through contact.
This Dunamis reaction is coming from the individual who has fused with the King's Pillar.
XX/XX/XXXX 
Our analysis shows that this reaction strongly resembles the molecular structure of Elements.
We believe that the individual's Dunamis is releasing these particles through the King's Pillar.
However, the amount of Elements it is currently releasing far surpass the amount that one person could posses.
In order to verify our hypothesis, we'll have to clear up this contradiction.
XX/XX/XXXX 
After countless tests, we've finally succeeded at verifying our hypothesis.
We've discovered a mechanism that amplifies Elements inside the subject's body.
We theorize that this unknown mechanism (let's call it "X") makes the production of this incredible amount of Elements possible.
XX/XX/XXXX 
We've learned of the "Holy War" from testimony of one of the Dunamis-holders that was brought in for research.
We also learned the events that led to the individual absorbed by the Pillar—Amabuki Senri's—acquisition of X.
XX/XX/XXXX 
I personally pursued more information on the Holy War.
The more I find out, the more rage rises within me.
How could this Holy War have taken place outside my notice?
How could I not have been selected?
XX/XX/XXXX 
It was not a brilliant throne that awaited the Victor of the Holy War.
The power was too great for someone unchosen.
This world has not settled into its right order.
It must be remade into its proper form.
For that purpose, there must be a new Holy War.
It should be possible for a true chosen one such as I.
There's no need for this Victor who's nothing but a corpse.
XX/XX/XXXX 
A Holy War in which I was not even invited to the stage has no value.
Why did the Selector ignore someone who obviously should have been selected?
With each passing day, my irritation only grows.
There is no one as fitting as me to stand at the summit of humanity.
XX/XX/XXXX 
It must be redone, and correctly this time.
Fate hasn't chosen the right man for the job.
XX/XX/XXXX 
The hand of fate has begun moving again.
Let the judgment begin with Icarus's death.
 —A new Holy War— 
The words ended there. The closer to the end I got, the more wild and rough the originally-neat writing became.
Asahi had come to my side at some point and was peering at the same documents.
Asahi: "What do you suppose the 'Holy War' is...?"
Haruto: "I don't know... seems like it's related to 'Dunameis' and this 'X,' though."
We won't clear up our confusion with just the information we have now. What is this "Holy War"...? And "X"...?
Asahi: "Oh, I remember now!"
Haruto: "Remember what...?"
Asahi: "The name in here. I know this person named Senri."
Asahi: "He was there when we were surrounded by BURST at the harbor. The tall guy, in the coat."
Haruto: "That guy's 'Amabuki Senri'...?"
I thought back to my memories of the harbor.
He'd remained utterly composed in that desperate situation... That was Amabuki Senri...?
Haruto: "But clones aren't like siblings. We should look exactly like each other."
Haruto: "Do you think we have the same face...?"
Asahi: "You're totally different. You're much more handsome, Haruto."
Haruto: "W-Well, thanks, but I don't mean like, subjectively... Anyway, our faces are different, so he can't be my original, right?"
The only remaining possibility is that he just coincidentally has the same name, I guess...
Riku: "Find something?"
Completing her search, Riku-chan returned to us.
I went through the file and summarized the things that I understood from it.
Riku: "The 'Holy War'..."
Haruto: "Ring a bell?"
Riku-chan shook her head, her expression unchanged.
Haruto: "Did you have any luck, Riku-chan...?"
Riku: "There were no signs of anyone. And this is enough like a haunted house to say that no one's been here for several years, at least."
Riku: "This would probably be the only unusual thing I came across."
She was holding a covered glass jar—filled with a muddy green liquid.
Riku: "There's a whole shelf of them, not that I know what they are."
The solidified deep green brought to mind the picture I'd just seen.
I felt bile rising in my throat, like I'd found the corpse of an animal.
Haruto: "...So this document's the only real clue we've got so far."
Riku: "No, it's not just that."
Haruto: "Huh...?"
Without explaining, Riku-chan walked to the corner of the room.
Haruto: "But there's nothing over there."
Riku: "This building is full of dust, right? That's normal if no one's lived here in years."
Riku: "If you walked on this, you'd leave footprints. Like walking in the yard after a snowfall."
Her eyes were directed at the floor. I finally realized what Riku-chan was getting at.
Haruto: "Footprints...? And they're not yours, are they...?"
Riku: "Right. These have been here since we entered the room."
Riku: "Look. It's faint, but you can see they lead here, right?"
Footprints—proof that someone was in this room not long before we were.
I followed Riku-chan and found that the footprints ended at the rug on the floor. Past that was just the kitchen, devoid of any signs of use.
Asahi: "There's nothing there."
Riku: "Not necessarily."
Riku-chan slowly knelt down.
Riku: "You should probably cover your mouth and hold your breath."
Haruto: "Huh—"
Before I could grasp the meaning of her warning, Riku-chan grabbed an edge of the rug and lifted it up in one swift movement. All the dust piled up on the floor swirled into the air.
Haruto: "Cough! Cough cough—?!"
Riku: "That's why I warned you. You should've followed Asahi-san's example."
Asahi: "Mmh! Mmh!"
Asahi, who'd heeded her warning, was trying to say something while she held her breath. I looked down at the floor where she was pointing.
There was a door there, with a rectangular frame.
Haruto: "Th-This is...!"
Riku: "We'd better not just find some homemade pickles stashed down there."
Riku-chan grabbed the handle and slowly pulled it up.
From the open door, a ladder extended down into darkness.
Haruto: "Looks like... it goes underground."
We couldn't tell how far down it went through the blackness.
Riku: "What do we do? We could technically forget we ever saw this."
She made the suggestion, but didn't seem to agree with it herself. It was said with the full knowledge of how we'd answer.
Haruto: "Let's go. We might find a clue down there."
I grabbed the ladder and tested its strength. Making sure it wouldn't budge, I began stepping down into the darkness.
People like to hide the things important to them, to protect them from falling into others' hands.
This ladder seemed like exactly the sort of thing you'd use to do that, and we were in this too deep now to pretend we hadn't seen it.
Cutting into the wall with her blade, a condensed world of silver, Fiona pushed the barrier inward.
Fiona: "How's that?"
Senri: "Bit high-handed, but it's not like we have the time to take things slow."
I peered into the hole in the wall to find a small room that shouldn't have existed on the other side of that smooth surface.
At our feet was a dark ladder, likely cast-iron, heading down to a lower floor.
Senri: "You're not getting away from us."
I grabbed the ladder without a second of hesitation and chased after the man we'd not yet even seen.
Senri: "........."
Fiona: "—Hm? You went down first, but you're not going to catch me?"
Senri: "You nailed the landing fine on your own."
Playing along with her banter, I gave the area a quick look around.
I looked to Fiona then and nodded.
Fiona: "If I knew about this, I'd tell you. I'd guess it's a secret passage only Ruu and that man in the video knew about."
The tunnel was lit as far as we could see. Our vision wouldn't help us figure out how far the path went on.
I knelt down and checked the floor, but couldn't see any vehicle tracks or signs of anything heavy having been moved through, and even straining my ears, I couldn't hear any machinery.
Senri: "Guess the only way through is on foot. We might be able to catch sight of this guy if we run at full speed."
Fiona: "Well, I'm all warmed up."
Senri: "Same here."
Fiona: "Come on, don't act tough. You were passed out in the park a few hours earlier. You're not fooling anyone."
True, it'd be like whipping an already-overworked body.
Senri: "It'll be alright. We'll just run as far as our next rest stop. Then when we get there, we'll just decide to rest at the next one. I can fool my brain that way."
Senri: "And right now..."
Up ahead awaits the instigator of the riots Kamidate was chasing, the very center of the organization, who's tied to Ruu—
Senri: "I don't think I'll be able to slow down."
Spurred forward by the boiling heat within me, my feet naturally kicked the ground.
The passage was no different than where we'd started five minutes ago. It brought to mind a hamster wheel.
After running on endlessly, I noticed a new stain on the wall that finally gave me the concrete sense that we'd gotten somewhere, and with it, the energy to continue.
Fiona: "Hahh— Hahh— Hahh—"
I glanced over at Fiona. Her breathing was regular and easy. She was running with perfect form, her back straight and her legs making long strides.
The only thing that gave me pause was her dynamically bouncing breasts, not that she could do anything to stop them.
Fiona: "...If it'll give you some extra energy by fondling them, you're welcome to do so?"
She pushed her breasts up with a straight face and I couldn't tell whether she was serious or joking.
Ignoring her suggestion, I slowed my pace and took some time to breathe.
Senri: "I realized there was a conspiracy utilizing Dunameis and dedicated myself to destroying their plans."
Senri: "I can hardly believe the woman running at my side had her life destroyed by magic and once worked for that very conspiracy..."
Fiona: "I haven't figured out what your goal exactly is yet, but I plan to stick with you until the end."
I say I'll destroy this group's conspiracy, but it's not a concrete plan.
But that's only to be expected. As long as stopping the conspiracy is my goal, my methods will change depending on what my adversary does. There's no perfect answer here.
Fiona: "Hey, if you achieve your goal soon, do squats with me again."
Senri: "...Holding a grudge that you never managed to beat me?"
Fiona: "It's not about winning or losing. It's just that training with you is productive. If I rest even one day, I'll lose muscle mass, you know?"
Fiona: "I think I need you in order to be myself. So I'll stay with you forever."
I was a bit mystified by how she could say that like it was so obvious, but her absolute confidence made me realize.
Senri: "You haven't noticed, have you, Fiona?"
Fiona: "Hm?"
Senri: "That was a proposal. And a pretty direct one."
For a moment, she was perplexed, but she soon gave me a self-deprecating smile.
Fiona: "......Heheh. You're right. I guess it was."
Fiona: "I guess that means I was serious about you, then. I can barely believe it."
I could understand somewhat why she said the words almost like they weren't even about her.
We had no romantic experience to speak of. We'd been focused entirely on walking our own paths and had no need for an "average" bittersweet youth.
There was a lot us two outcasts had in common.
Senri: "When you were starting to change, I was the only one around you. That's all it is. There's no need to be serious when your options are that limited."
Senri: "You should get out into the larger world and find someone who truly suits you. I'm sure you'd have plenty of options out there."
Fiona: "It'd make me feel better if you just turned me down directly, you know."
Senri: "I'm not a device for making you feel better and I'm not such a paragon of a citizen that I'm eager to solve our declining birthrates, either."
Fiona: "Suppose so."
A curve we couldn't see past suddenly notified us of the end of the passageway.
Fiona: "What do you plan to do once you've finished this, Senri?"
Senri: "...When winter ends, spring's the next to come, right?"
I put my hand on the single door waiting for us at the end of the underground passage.
And giving no thought to the question of whether I would live to see that warm season or not, I opened the door.
Senri: "This is—"
I removed my hand from my holster. It wasn't that I'd relaxed my guard, but that my focus had switched to the strange space connected to the passage.
Riku: "It's you... Why?"
Several dubious gazes were focused on Fiona and me, who'd just burst in from the open door. One belonged to the young lady who'd worked with me during my Atori infiltration.
With her were the other two from that day on the roof of the Ministry building. Since the door on the other side of the space was open, I surmised they'd come from there.
Haruto: "—?"
Haruto had opened his mouth, probably planning to call out the moment he laid eyes on me. He was forced to stop there, however.
A giant monitor taking up a whole wall lit up. The man displayed on the screen took a formal bow like a newscaster might and then raised his head.
Asahi: "Onii-chan?!"
That was all it took me to figure out what had led them here. They must have also discovered this location as a result of what they were searching for.
I also wanted to ask Haruto about what he'd done to Noah, but it would have to wait.
Man/Touya: "Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for gathering here. Unfortunately, I'm at another location entirely."
Is this man the ringleader of this conspiracy—
Senri: (That face... I've seen it somewhere before...)
The threads of my memory came together like a spark of electricity. His face matched that of a petty villain, an OutCast, that Haruto had been pursuing a year ago.
But the bold confidence of this man's expression was different enough to completely erase the previous impression I'd had of him.
Haruto: "So I was right... You {were} Rikudou Touya."
Touya. Asahi's brother. I carved the name into my mind.
There must be some meaning in how Touya was arrested for doing magic crimes that night.
With all his carefully-laid plans thus far, there's no way a simple mistake led to his capture, nor would he simply go along with it.
Unconcerned with our reaction, the man on the screen opened his mouth once again.
Touya: "My dear and esteemed guests, I must first apologize for failing to give you the welcome you deserve after such a long journey."
Touya: "But fret not! Your actions have not been in vain. Your conviction, your determination... all of it shall become my 'trial.'"
Touya: "Now, let us ruminate on the past. I want you all to know exactly what led up to this moment."
Touya: "For as long as I can remember, I have excelled more than most in just about every field. That is why I was so quick to realize just how this world works."
Touya: "The chosen ones, who lead, and the unchosen, ignorant masses who follow. Human history has always been made up of these two groups."
Touya: "I had faith in my abilities. Confidence in my place as one of the leaders of this world."
Touya: "I thought it only natural that I would awaken to a Dunamis as well. Since ancient times, those who lead have possessed such special abilities."
Touya: "...However, fate made a most grevious error. It ignored me, who was destined to be the Victor, and dared to hold a Holy War all the way to its conclusion without my presence."
Touya: "And that led to this travesty. The power that this false Victor gained led to the birth of this {counterfeit} magic."
Touya: "A world where everyone can gain power equally. This false victor's wish gave birth to such a disgusting world."
Touya: "But reality did not end up as he wished. It's no wonder: after all, there's no such thing as true equality on this earth."
Touya: "Inequality is the default state of this world. There can be no progress without disparity. The desire to surpass others is, as everyone knows, the driving force of evolution."
Touya: "Thus, I shall lead! I will obey the true laws of this world and guide humanity down its proper path!"
Touya: "To do that, we must have a new Holy War, and you all are indispensable for that purpose."
Touya: "As a 'trial' to discover whether or not fate has chosen me—"
I felt unease at the casual tone of his voice in contrast to the gravity of his words.
The monitor switched feeds. I don't know if he'd jacked a live camera feed somewhere, but the images we were seeing made me doubt my eyes.
There was a thick layer of something grey hanging in the sky, like a deadly level of atmospheric pollution. This phenomenon extended above what looked like the whole island, not just one location.
From here, it looked like a cross between a natural disaster and the end of the world. I'm sure that seeing it in person would make that impression all the stronger.
Touya: "Mutsumi Haruto, your awakening has pushed my plans into their final stages. Allow me to express my thanks."
Touya: "Thanks to the data I gathered from you, I was able to make the clones I've been cultivating awaken as well."
Touya: "Of course, they didn't awaken to full Dunameis like you did, but it was enough to allow them to create their own Elements."
Touya: "Let me provide a supplemental explanation for this footage. Agartha is currently filling with highly-dense Elements. I manipulated the King's Pillar into causing this, you see."
Touya: "If you understand that business with the Rings, then I imagine you know what happens when the body absorbs an excess amount of Elements."
Just as inhaling oxygen concentrated at 50% or more is harmful to the human body, it's easy to imagine what knowingly tampering with the density of Elements could do.
Liquefaction—in the worst case, absorbing Elements with no tolerance for them leads to death.
Touya: "There will be no escape for the affluent or the learned. Only those with magic aptitude will remain, those who are worthy of this new world, while the obsolete will perish."
Touya: "In the new world that approaches, even the most uneducated will be able to understand the true worth of he who stands at the top—"
Senri: "What, you want to become God?"
A weapon of mass murder... and it would leave only those he desired alive.
Normal ethics don't apply to Touya. Like exterminating an invasive species, he wants to draw a clear line between him and other people.
Touya: "It will take time to fill the world with the same concentration of Elements."
Touya: "But it shouldn't take more than two hours to finish the 'selection' inside of Agartha."
Touya: "I've prepared the stage. The rest is up to you."
Touya: "Farewell, my beloved 'trials.'"
The footage cut off, and silence descended.
That silence was only broken when a sinister electronic noise cut straight through it.
Under that cloud of Elements, so dense it was like grey paint had been splattered across the sky, stood Noah.
???/Touya: "Pleasure to meet you, my angel of selection."
Noah: "Who might you be?"
???/Touya: "Just a nameless man after your heart."
Gaining as much distance as she could from Senri, Noah was searching for a way to continue being with him.
She wasn't merely wandering blindly. She was following the density of the fog enveloping the city as she traveled.
The two met while she was following {his} trail of Elements, without him even planning for it.
???/Touya: "Is this your homing instinct, perchance?"
Noah: "What do you know about Noah?"
???/Touya: "I know more than anyone. I fell in love with you at first sight, after all."
Noah paid no mind to the man's histrionics and peered down into a barrel at the end of the street.
Noah: "I think it's around here. Noah's really close. Somewhere here, but not here, there's a voice calling Noah."
???/Touya: "You're here in search of Elements, are you not? Let me take you to them."
Noah: "Absitively?"
???/Touya: "I wonder if you're thinking that if you have access to abundant Elements, you'll be able to be with your beloved without hurting him."
Noah's face hardened as she grew suspicious of {he} who had seen through her intentions.
Noah: "...Magic doesn't work on Noah. If you try to harm me, it won't work."
???/Touya: "Indeed. That is precisely why there's no problem with you accompanying me."
Noah: "......"
Noah hesitated, then took one step forward.
???/Touya: "I welcome you back after escaping our protection and yet finding your way here on your own two feet."
To Noah, she'd chosen this path herself in order to lessen the burden on Senri, but it's also true that {he} had influenced events in order for her to reach that decision.
Noah wasn't sure what route they'd used to get here.
Maintaining a certain distance from {him} as she followed, Noah felt the air she was breathing in go through a concrete change.
After a long, long journey... they arrived at a place that seemed like it might lead to one—or all—of the answers Noah sought.
The sight of the grand tree in this solemn space could only be described as sublime.
Noah: "This is—"
Tilting her head all the way back, Noah gasped as she was finally able to take in the verdure.
Following {him}, Noah had come through an inorganic passageway, far removed from nature, that had continued on for a long while.
Like white turning to black—the sudden appearance of that symbol of nature was so out of place it stole the words of all those who witnessed it.
???/Touya: "You should know it."
Noah: "Noah should... know this place?"
On their way to the roots of the tree, Noah took a deep breath as if enjoying a walk through nature.
Noah: "It's absitively... tranquil..."
???/Touya: "The high concentration of Elements around you is putting you at ease. It's like the air of your homeland, I suppose."
Noah: "I bet Senri would be okay here too... It'd all work out..."
The nostalgic air drove Noah onward like a bee tempted by honey.
Noah: "Here... We could..."
At the center of the landmass—Noah reached the tree and extended her hand to touch the trunk.
???/Touya: "You're being reckless... or shall I say, just not thinking enough."
Suddenly—the great tree seemed to warp.
Stepping back in surprise, Noah realized that it wasn't the scenery that was twisting, but Noah's own body that was buckling without her will.
Noah: "Ah... gh..."
The sensation felt similar to her confrontation with Haruto, that "pain" that had seemed to eat her from inside out—no.
She shuddered, realizing the sense of loss was even more pronounced than what she'd previously experienced.
Noah: "Stop... it...!"
Countless wails of the dead rushed forth, trying to convey {something} to her. Plugging her ears to the deafening sound, she lost her balance.
Stumbling, Noah fell against a wall that had not been there a moment ago.
{His} hand blocked her escape like a branding iron.
???/Touya: "This place belongs to me. And I have nothing to give to any of you."
???/Touya: "I will take the place of this defective Selector and make a 'selection' of my own."
Sensing a strange heat, Noah collapsed at the base of the great subterranean tree.
In the end, she never realized what was really happening to her body.
And with this, all {his} preparations were complete, and he began the "trial" that would promise him his victory.
Fiona: "Are we really just going on like this? Don't you think it could be a trap?"
Senri: "...I know there's a government research lab under Symbol Tower. I was a research subject there, after all."
Senri: "All my leads disappeared when the building was destroyed on 12/12, but I was working on the reconstruction site hoping to find any evidence I could."
Senri: "I was thinking about it earlier. These tunnels likely connect to the underground facility."
If Touya went out of his way to construct a tunnel like this, I can't imagine it's connected to anywhere not involved in the conspiracy. And if there's any facility it would be important to build a tunnel to—there's only one option.
Senri: "Anyway, going back isn't really a realistic choice."
Fiona: "I suppose so..."
"—My beloved 'trials'"... Sounding almost intoxicated when he said the words, Touya detonated the explosives he'd rigged in the monitor room.
The ceiling collapsed, and due to the debris, we were separated from both Haruto's group and the path we'd taken to get here.
I immediately searched for a way out, discovered a door farther into the room, and narrowly escaped peril.
Fiona: "...What do you think he explained his whole plan to us back there for?"
Senri: "Ever heard of a {kodoku}?"
Fiona: "Like the type of curse? You stuff a bunch of poisonous insects in a jar and let them kill each other until there's one left, right? What about it?"
Senri: "Sounds like the Holy War Kamidate was a part of, doesn't it?"
Senri: "Stuff Dynamos in the jar of the world and make them compete... A cruel battle to the death."
Fiona: "So you think he was being honest."
I nodded. The method was different, but he was essentially trying to accomplish the same thing.
Senri: "Unchosen for the Holy War, Touya wants to recreate it and defeat us in that imitation, so he can revel in his complete victory."
Fiona: "He wants to eliminate those with low magic aptitude so that he can show off his absolute strength against those who remain."
Senri: "If he's going this far, it's not just out of self-satisfaction. His obsession is more of a desire for revenge. This is probably the only way he can placate himself."
If so... Touya must have noticed that Noah was almost certainly the Selector of the Holy War.
If the Hood back in that fog was produced by Touya's Dunamis, then he probably saw the moment I rejuvenated Noah too.
I bet he'd planned for Noah to leave on her own as well.
Senri: "......Noah's already in Touya's hands."
I made the assertion to throw away any naive ideas I might have had.
Fiona: "How do you know?"
Senri: "Think about it. Touya's been planning this day for years."
Senri: "He came up with a perfect plan. He recruited you, Inui, Mikuriya Akeno, and others, and committed atrocities with a wild meticulousness."
Senri: "If anything ever went wrong with his plans, he had the adaptability to adjust them and the wits to apply whatever new information he'd acquired as well."
Senri: "Most of all, no ordinary person could remain on equal footing with Ruu."
Senri: "If the mastermind of this grand conspiracy has waited until now to reveal himself, it could only mean one thing."
Fiona: "He's prepared for everything... Looking down on us and saying, 'just try and stop me.'"
If all he was after was committing mass homicide, there was no reason for him to do it {now}.
Explosively increasing the concentration of Elements in the atmosphere was something he could have done yesterday or the day before.
While he had control of the Ministry of Magic, he'd just have to order Inui, or use Ruu's Dunamis. It's because everything has come together now that he's put his plans in motion.
Force us into an imitation Holy War by making a declaration of mass homicide, then defeat us with the absolute power he's obtained through misusing Noah—that's Touya's plan.
Senri: "Even seemingly-perfect plans have flaws. Imperfection is always born in a quest for total victory."
Senri: "I can already see the cracks. Asahi and Atori were accompanying Haruto, and the three of them looked so determined I almost doubted it was really them."
Fiona: "Yeah. They looked like they'd crammed an entire life's worth of experience into a week."
They'd overcome the odds. Somehow, I could feel a sense of growth from them, one that convinced me they'd obtained that determination.
If Touya underestimated them, they'd likely turn the tables on him with their newly-sharpened fangs.
Senri: "He may have miscalculated when he chose his opponents."
When we turned the corner, we were met with a widely-illuminated space. We must have covered a lot of ground while we were talking.
Fiona: "Guess this is it."
The converging lights brought to mind the door that had led into the monitor room and signified the same thing: the end of the passageway.
Fiona: "—Senri!"
Noticing something wrong a hair before I did, Fiona swung her arm. Her trusty Magi stabbed into the wall and a barrier of ice sprang up before our eyes.
A moment later, a tremendous gust crashed into it.
Fiona: "This power...!"
Fiona's defenses were mercilessly scattered and we retreated, pushed back by the gale.
I bent my knees and covered my face with crossed arms. I couldn't make out a human figure in my narrowed vision, but this wasn't the sort of wind that could be naturally occurring.
Fiona: "Alright, we're impressed by your skills, now get out here already."
Plucking her Magi out of the wall, Fiona warily took a combat stance while I thought about how familiar the wind we'd just felt had seemed.
The reason I didn't hesitate to eliminate that possibility was because there was no chance the wielder of that wind could be here before us.
Fiona: "No way..."
Which is why I could only shudder in disgust when the pale corpse, victim of a terrible taboo, appeared before us.
Senri: "Back from the grave because you can't accept that you lost to me? ...Guess not."
The natural genius who stood at the top of all Casters, holding the rank of Master, stood in our way once again.
It wasn't a dream or an illusion. It was science, or a Neocrystallization, or some other kind of magic tech—in any case, it was clear that this wasn't anything he had done to himself.
Fiona: "Sensei... this can't be..."
The illusion was gone in an instant. Instead of answering her, his demonic eyes merely focused on the two of us.
Fiona: "There's no time, right? I'll cover you as far as the door, so go on ahead."
Senri: "......Can you do it?"
"Can you do it"—not cover me, but win against Inui—no, against the thing with Inui's form. {Can you cut him?} I asked.
Fiona: "I'll handle this."
Senri: "Inui's strong."
Fiona: "I know. I'm the daughter of the famous Master, so I've heard that a lot."
Fiona: "Or what? You think I'm lacking in some way compared to those three?"
A brave face, full of confidence. Smiling on the inside, thinking that's how she should look, I pulled her tempered body to mine.
Senri: "Nope, you're perfect. More than anyone."
Fiona: "Huh—mh..."
I stole her lips. Our teeth hit, cutting my mouth and spreading the taste of iron through it.
Fiona: "Sen...ri... At a time like this...?"
Senri: "There's no particular meaning behind it. {I just wanted to make a good memory}."
Fiona: "That's an awful thing to say. If mouth-to-mouth doesn't count, that was my first real one, you know."
Senri: "How does it feel to confess your feelings to someone, get turned down, and then have them kiss you and get your hopes up again?"
I taunted Fiona, who I'm sure was experiencing very complex emotions.
Senri: "A tease who'd launch such a psychological attack deserves harsh punishment, wouldn't you agree?"
Senri: "You'd dirty the name of Kousaki Fiona Annabel if you died letting this jackass get the best of you."
Fiona: "'An honest woman / caught in the trap of a man / who's a complete lout'—something like that?"
Reciting one of her poems for the first time in a while, Fiona blended together her ferocity and her devotion. Two sides of the same coin— and both of them together make up Fiona.
Fiona: "Alright then, I'll come back alive—and love the hell out of you until you cry."
Senri: "...Looking forward to it."
I feel sorry if Inui crawled up out of hell for a rematch, but it looks like I'm not called for here.
Fiona: "Follow me! You're not the type to be bothered hiding behind a woman, right?!"
Fiona dashed down the hall and struck at a speed almost impossible to follow.
Inui's feet moved across the ground. After that familiar movement, the wind roared up around him.
Fiona: "Are you not satisfied fighting me, Sensei?"
She called up an ice wall so thick that his shockwaves did nothing against it. Resisting his attacks, she closed the distance between them.
I took no part in their battle, following the silver trail Fiona had left and heading for the door beyond them, safe from the raging winds.
Fiona: "Stop the conspiracy I assisted. You're the only one who can achieve your goals!"
Senri: "When I get back—I'll teach you how to use a gun from square one."
Fiona: "...Then I'll teach you how to wield a sword. In my own style, at least."
Once ruthless opponents, we were now partners who could trust each other completely.
Those two monsters clashed violently. Even if we were fighting on different battlefields, she and I felt the same way about doing all we could.
Fiona: "I'm leaving it all to you. Both the conspiracy, and Noah too."
I didn't miss the sweat forming on Fiona's brow.
Just like at the Ministry, fighting together would drastically increase our chances of victory. The advantage of fighting two on one was immeasurable. Fiona knows that as well.
Still, Fiona rejected the idea and decided to hold her ground against this man from her past, and not just because we were running low on time.
{It was to avoid us both being killed}—knowing how formidable a foe Inui was, she'd made the decision immediately, considering that we could both become his victims.
Senri: "And I'm leaving you here, trusting you can do what you say you will."
Fiona: "It's not like anything in my life has ever gone according to plan, so fighting the dead is within my expectations, really."
I hurried on after Fiona encouraged herself like that.
Haruto: "Everyone alright?! Is anyone hurt?!"
We'd come back up the dark passage, climbing the ladder back into the apartment.
Once we had solid ground beneath our feet, I checked to make sure everyone was okay.
Riku: "We're fine. But let's hurry outside."
Rikudou Touya had spoken to us through that monitor, and if what he said was true, something terrible was happening outside...
We hurried from the room in order to see the truth with our own eyes.
We should have seen the stars in the sky—but the heavy clouds hanging in the air concealed their light.
Even the illumination from streetlights was being obscured by the mist, rendering them almost useless.
Haruto: "This is... the Elements...?"
Normally they weren't visible to the eye, so this was a very strange sight.
Absorbing more Elements than the body could handle was fatal.
In this situation, it'd be like everyone in Agartha was suffering from one of the Ring malfunctions.
Feeling a premonition not unlike terror, we headed toward the center of the entertainment district.
BURST Member A: "If you can walk, listen to the officers and evacuate!"
Mother: "Please! Help her! There's something wrong!!"
Child: "Mom, it hurts..."
Mother: "An ambulance! Call an ambulance, please!!"
BURST Member A: "It'll never come! If you want to save your kid, listen to us and evacuate!"
A hellish scene awaited us in the entertainment district.
It was as though the city had been struck by a terrible epidemic. There were people powerlessly collapsed on the side of the road everywhere.
It was the first time BURST had looked so unreliable in providing aid.
The numbers of those requiring help and of those providing it were terribly skewed. The power to stand against this calamity was just too lacking.
Asahi: "This is awful... My brother did this...?"
Yuuji: "You three! You're alright?!"
Haruto: "Dad?!"
My dad ran up to us and I was speechless when I saw him.
Haruto: "Y-Your arms!"
Yuuji: "Don't worry, I'm fine. I'm built differently than other guys."
He laughed self-deprecatingly, but he couldn't hide the damage that had been done to him. His sleeves were rolled up, and under them—the skin of his arm had turned green.
Yuuji: "I thought you Casters wouldn't be affected."
Yuuji: "The people this is doing weird shit to are the ones like me, who can't use magic."
BURST Member A: "Commander! The concentration rate's only climbing! At this rate...!"
Yuuji: "Get out of here as soon as you've picked up everyone who can't move. Have the officers with low aptitude evacuate too."
BURST Member A: "If those are your orders, then you should evacuate too, Commander! We can't just run off without you!"
Yuuji: "You're so stubborn. Don't blame me if you bite it. And I'm not your commander. Where'd the real one go anyway?"
BURST Member A: "He disappeared as soon as he could. Good riddance, if you ask me. He was basically a rookie who didn't know anything about being on scene."
BURST Member A: "You'll always be my commander, Mr. Mutsumi!"
Yuuji: "You dumbass. I'm not taking responsibility if you die."
Haruto: "But Dad, your arms..."
Yuuji: "I knew I'd be in danger every day the minute I took this job."
Yuuji: "There'll be no one to protect the peace if we run off. It'll be total chaos."
Yuuji: "We've gotta avoid that at all costs. It's our job to shield the citizens from any and all threats."
Haruto: "......"
I know my dad all too well, so I knew no one could shake his conviction.
Riku: "Let's leave this to them and hurry on."
Haruto: "But where do we go?"
Riku: "Where the fog is thicker. Look at the sky; you can see the fog spreading from that direction."
The sky in the direction she was pointing was completely covered in grey mist. That was where Symbol Tower used to be.
Riku: "Instead of helping people here, if we get rid of the source of the fog, we'll be able to help many more."
Riku: "We'll stop Rikudou Touya with our own hands."
Rikudou Touya—{his} twisted ideas were behind this calamity.
Asahi: "...You're right. We have to stop him."
Asahi squeezed the words out quietly, her face grave.
Haruto: "Are you sure...? This is your brother we're talking about..."
He was her one relative, who she'd thought was dead, and unlike the rest of us, he wasn't a stranger to Asahi. But...
Asahi: "It doesn't matter. Even if he is my brother, this is wrong."
Asahi: "If he's going to destroy my Land of Dreams, it doesn't matter who we're up against."
Haruto: "...Alright, then let's go. We've got to do what we can."
The closer we got to the center of the island, the thicker the fog obscuring our vision became.
And that wasn't the only oddity. For a little while, we'd been seeing green stains on the street as we passed.
My dad's arm and the pictures I'd seen in Rikudou Touya's apartment—I couldn't accept the terrible truth they represented.
Riku: "Wait."
Asahi and I stopped after hearing Riku-chan's warning.
Haruto: "What is it?"
Riku: "There's someone here."
Nothing beyond a few meters in front of us was visible. All our eyes could see was mist all around.
"No one's there"—just as I was about to speak up, a faint, dark shadow formed before us and we heard an almost bestial groaning.
I put up my guard in an instant, but the shadow turned out to be something far outside of my expectations.
Middle-aged Man: "Gh... gah... h-hELp me..."
Haruto: "Are you alright?!"
The man's face and all the skin showing under his clothes had turned green.
The moment I tried to support his staggering body—
Middle-aged Man: "No! I don't want to die! I dOn'T WaNT tO DiE!"
The man that had been human just seconds before melted into a jelly-like substance.
Haruto: "—!!"
I held down the nausea rising within me somehow.
It was all too sudden, and too strange.
But his life would never return. That spread out around our feet as the unshakable truth.
Haruto: "...This is... This is all wrong! There's no way this is playing fair...!"
I thought I had stopped trying to find the difference between right and wrong.
But what Rikudou Touya had done was unquestionably immoral. No matter what anyone said, it wouldn't be justified. It {couldn't} be.
Haruto: "Wh-What?!"
A flash of light cut through the mist, and with it, a violent noise cut the silence.
With no communication between us, Riku-chan and I both drew our Magi together.
Dust whirled into the air, and within it we heard footsteps.
After all this, it would take something really crazy to surprise me... so I thought I was prepared to see what was coming toward us.
But when I saw the person who emerged from the dust, I was stunned.
Haruto: "A-Akeno-san...?!"
Her face and her clothes belonged unmistakably to the Akeno-san we knew.
But Akeno-san had lost her life due to Ruu's schemes.
What was really behind those dark, clouded eyes was...
Riku: "...I suppose it was asking too much to pretend it all never happened."
Haruto: "Riku-chan...?"
Riku: "That's definitely Akeno-san's body, but it's just being controlled somehow."
Riku: "Akeno-san is dead. I killed her."
Riku: "Reality isn't so kind that she could have survived due to some miracle."
I was a little worried to hear her speaking of her own sin so dispassionately.
Riku: "I imagine this is something Rikudou Touya set up  to slow us down."
Riku: "I'll admit, he's certainly a cut above the rest—at doing things that disgust people."
She reloaded her Magi—and got into a fighting stance.
Riku: "You two go on ahead. I'll handle this."
Haruto: "No! We can't leave you here!"
Riku: "If this absurd farce is just meant to buy time, then there's no reason for us to play along with it."
Riku: "In fact, we'd just be doing exactly what he wants, which irritates me more than anything else."
Haruto: "......"
Asahi: "...I trust you. But I want you to say it."
Asahi: "I don't want to lose a partner. Promise me that you won't die."
The events at the Ministry of Magic came rushing back to me. I'm sure Asahi was worrying about the same thing I was.
Riku: "I promise."
Riku: "It'll be alright. I don't have time to die before I reach the person I really need to pummel."
Haruto: "...Right. We believe in you. Let's go, Asahi."
Riku: "Get going. I won't lose to this puppet."
Riku: "I'm sure it'll be easier to deal with her now, since she's not spouting stupid sophisms like when she was alive."
I couldn't completely ease my worries.
But if the one facing this peril has readied herself for it, then all we can do is believe in her.
Haruto: "We'll go on ahead. But you come after us, okay?"
We believed in the words of our partner and headed into the fog.
I watched the two of them disappear into the mist, their worry for me plain on their faces.
I'm sure the old me would find their worries nothing more than irritating.
Riku: "...I wonder if that's because of them, too."
I've acutely noticed the changes I've been going through lately. I don't feel any irritation right now; in fact, there's a sort of happiness inside me.
They believed me when I said I'd be alright.
I can't break that promise. I need to do everything I can to respond to that unconditional trust.
Riku: "Wouldn't be playing fair not to, as Haruto-san would say."
The beast borrowing Mikuriya Akeno's body began to howl.
I could see no conviction or determination in it. Naturally, since it was no longer human.
Riku: "No matter how much physical strength you possess, you don't seem like much of a threat to me."
Riku: "That woman beat it into me that nothing is more troublesome than a person's will."
It's not because of my own strength that I can stand here now.
It's because of the people who put their lives on the line to save me. Because of the people who taught me what it means to stand on the ground.
And because of the person I never met, who saved my life, who sleeps in my chest now.
They all make up the invisible supports that keep me standing.
Riku: "I won't be going gentle into that good night. This life isn't just mine anymore, after all."
Sensing my will to fight, the monster let out another roar.
I didn't need to worry about it running off after Haruto-san and Asahi-san.
It seemed "she" would fight me alone.
I let a little smile slip out.
Riku: "Good. I'm glad I'll be able to finish this with my own hands."
Riku: "I'll never get rid of this irritation if I don't."
That he has the gall to toy with the dead like this makes me feel something that goes past anger into horror.
But if he thinks he's safe watching us from above, he'll have to think twice.
Because the people who struggle down on the ground aren't so small that those in the sky can watch over them.
Tired of waiting, "she" roared again, signaling the beginning of our battle.
Countless exchanges of fist and blade—neither gaining the advantage.
But as our attacks grew more powerful, it was clear that Sensei's stamina was limitless.
Fiona: (Nothing gets past him. He was well aware that I'm not Inui's equal in strength.)
"I'm leaving you here, trusting you can do what you say you will"—Senri had been deliberately cruel.
The "normal" type, with common sense, wouldn't hesitate to call him abusive, I'm sure.
They'd be angry, saying, "how could he say that?" or "leaving a woman behind?"
But I'm not like them.
Senri's harsh words were because he couldn't justify pushing the short straw onto me with the full knowledge of what I'd be doing.
Fiona: (He's a thousand times better than someone who's all talk and runs off with an apology. I want to get him back for it a thousand times more.)
The taste of blood spread through my mouth behind my lips that had been forcefully stolen... it was something so far from despair that it was giving me hope now.
Fiona: "'Who should take the blame / when one falls for a scoundrel / without meaning to'... Well, I've just gotta get through this somehow, and next time I'll push him down and kiss him instead."
Sensei, the greatest of Casters, was coming at me with the full strength he could still wield despite being a rotting corpse.
Fiona: "[Let us play a game / of hide and seek in piety / to the mountain peaks.]"
Stormy winds roiled in the air. I could see Sensei's face behind the translucent wall, which was being whittled away like shaved ice.
Was I... hallucinating?
Now that he's a rotting corpse, Sensei shouldn't be able to speak in that confident, persuasive tone anymore.
Fiona: "Oh? And are {you} seriously giving me everything you've got right now, Sensei?"
But there was a reply. The familiar phrase felt like it'd been plucked right from my memory.
{Exactly who} was I speaking with?
Inui/Touya: "Fiona."
{Exactly what} was I speaking with?
The strange sensation clung to me like grease, but I pushed down my unease.
Maybe I was fighting with a phantom of Sensei I'd created myself.
Inui/Touya: "Don't think."
I am an unthinking, faithful monster who only follows Sensei's orders.
Inui/Touya: "Don't feel."
I am an unfeeling, faithful monster who only follows Sensei's orders.
Inui/Touya: "Welcome back, my daughter."
Sensei alone—supported my heart.
With my training completed, I'd become a perfect Agent, and Sensei had beckoned to me warmly.
Sensei was always right.
Because if he wasn't, my mind would break.
I had to just believe that he was right.
That sweet temptation before me once again, I—
Fiona: "—WOULD NEVER LISTEN TO YOU!! [Patterns in the ice / melt away beautifully / and fade with cruelty!]"
Inui/Touya: "This is the end of the line."
Talent and talent, both forged through the sweat of training, collided.
Sensei's peerless winds and my silver world clashed, creating the very picture of ferocity.
I suddenly thought:
Talent is irrational and solitary. You'll find no answers in a crowd.
Fiona: "Ha... Even rotting, you're still a Master, Sensei!"
If we're going to celebrate both my talent and Sensei's, this passageway is—
Fiona: "RrrgAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaah!!"
—too cramped!!
Sensei's winds spun together in the tight area, swirling into a huge dust devil.
The floor—but more than just the floor, the walls—but more than just the walls, the ceiling and everything crumbled, chewed to bits by the dust devil.
Steel-reinforced concrete over three meters thick shattered. Huge holes opened up, exposed rebar tore away, and the very "sky" fell down as if signaling the end.
Fiona: "I will live through this! I haven't saved nearly enough people!"
I planted my feet on the ground for a good running start and thrust my Magi down as hard as I could.
Fiona: "[In a silver world, / act with ice-cold precision. / Leave nothing to chance]!!"
Extending a flexible ice blade from the hilt, I aimed at the hole in the ceiling and did my best pole vaulting impression.
The divine destruction of Sensei's demonic wind seemed to mock my attempt. It raged around me as if to say "you think you can get away?" and tore into my skin.
Even as the pain shot through me, I wouldn't let go of the hilt that was my lifeline, no matter how bloodied it got.
I extended, extended, extended the blade and waited for it to end.
Higher, higher, higher, until my hand reached, until the light from the surface hit———hit—
What hit me was an impact I was completely unprepared for. I must have blacked out for a moment, but I came to again right away.
Fiona: "Urh... cough... cough...!"
I coughed up frothy blood, maybe because a broken rib had punctured a lung. The damage probably wasn't too bad, since I could still breathe, though not quite enough.
Fiona: "Heheh... this is well within expectations... It's my life, after all..."
In fact, I was fortunate to escape with only this much damage. I couldn't expect to take a gentle {ride} on Sensei's demonic wind.
It would have been better if I'd been able to control my landing somewhat, but I can't help it if it knocked me out.
Fiona: "Whew... whew...... I can do this, I can do this... oooOOOH!"
I took a breath. Felt strength filling my body. The weapon I'd sharpened all this time responded to me.
It wasn't just my talent in magic that supported me. My experience and my physique—assets I wouldn't trade for anything—were pushing me forward now.
Fiona: "Good girl... when this is over, I'll let you get all the rest you need."
I thanked my own body and walked over to the gargantuan hole that no one would ever believe a single person had created.
Fiona: "I'll do this..."
I picked up my Magi with its broken blade.
I would be the winner in my first and last serious battle with Sensei.
I'd use everything—all the magic I could—from out here to make the space underground where Sensei was a hell of ice.
Fiona: "The organization used me and Sensei like pawns. Even after death, his empty shell is just another tool to them."
Fiona: "Now he's just like I was when I carried out his orders without thinking and without feeling."
I'll skewer him before he has time to feel pain, crush him, and destroy him, all without leaving a trace behind.
Fiona: "Goodbye, Sensei."
Inui/Touya: "My title isn't just for show, you know."
Fiona: "—?!"
A gale erupted from underground like he'd been waiting for me to come stand at the edge of the hole.
A counterattack I hadn't expected. I closed my eyes as quickly as I could, but the wind pressure cut my eyelids and wet my eyes with blood. I noticed I couldn't feel anything under my legs.
The sky—I was floating. I'd been blown into the air.
I'd been trying to defend, but the blast had thrown me right in the air. I hit the ground a few times like a stone skipping on water.
My consciousness cut in and out. The muddled view my bloodied eyes gave me was full of matter of all sizes flying through the air.
—Bedrock? Rubble. It was rubble from underground, probably.
I was lying helpless on my back, and the rubble that had flown up with the galeforce wind was about to rain down on me to finish the job Sensei had started.
Fiona: (—There's no getting out of this... I won't be able to do anything about it before it hits.)
Predicting death, my brain's processing power shot up. Everything around me seemed to slow down.
I bet I'll make a... really ugly corpse.
Trivial thoughts raced through my mind, like "wonder if the person who has to {clean up} my splattered corpse will vomit."
I know from ample experience that battles tend to end abruptly.
It was just {my life} that would be ending abruptly today.
It's all over when I die. In just a moment. In a future that will arrive in less than a second, rubble will crush my skull, doing irreparable damage to organs that are vital to my survival.
Either way, I can't move anymore—
A great, thunderous roar brought my world to an end.
Fiona: "........."
Fiona: ".........Huh...? I'm ali—"
I only marveled at my complete lack of injuries for a moment before looking around.
Rubble lay surrounding me on the smashed earth.
{It was piled all around, but had completely avoided landing on me.}
It was a miracle—nothing but a phenomenon so unlikely as to be given that name could cause this.
Fiona: ".........Jesu... joy of man's desiring..."
I had unconsciously clutched my rosary at some point, and thought deeply on the hymn I was muttering.
Having tasted hopeless tragedy in the past, I once scorned my days in the church as part of "religious business" and thought my time praying with the priest was pointless.
Even if I repented now, I would never be forgiven. That's what I'd thought.
—But I had been granted survival. A higher power had commanded me to live.
Fiona: "Father..."
"If I grow tired on my journey and lose my way again, please lead me"—the words I'd left to him in the church echoed deep in my heart.
The worth of the tears welling up in my eyes was the worth of my life.
Fiona: "I haven't saved enough people yet!!"
Don't go easy on yourself.
Stand up.
STAND UP!
The ones within my reach—I was the only one who could save them from Sensei, who'd become an avatar of destruction.
I wasn't hallucinating anymore.
I heard the voice of the irredeemable man controlling Sensei so clearly that it disgusted me.
Fiona: "So it was you making {my} teacher say all that crap."
This villain controlled someone important to me like a puppet, desecrating him and feeling no remorse about it.
Nevertheless, I forewent trembling in emotion and focused on what I had to do, the picture of cool composure.
Fiona: "Sensei... I'm going to win, no doubt about it."
Nothing had changed dramatically.
I just couldn't even imagine mysef losing anymore.
I have talent that Sensei acknowledged. And talent never plays by the rules.
Fiona: (I love the name Fiona. I've treasured it until now, and I plan on continuing to do so.)
When I was training in Sensei's mansion, I once found a book on the desk in his study.
On the bookmarked page was an explanation that the name Fiona meant both "white" and "bright."
I have my own positive interpretation of the way Sensei went about giving a new name to me once I'd lost my family.
Fiona: "I am Sensei's greatest work."
I won't doubt my strength.
I was the only talented pupil that incredibly strong, uncompromising man took in and brought up.
There was no way I'd lose.
Fiona: "I'll demonstrate the full extent of that talent now—"
My breathing and pulse. I had unconscious control over all five senses.
I looked forward and gathered up everything I had in one beautiful, clear motion.
I cleared away all my sins and prepared to guide Sensei into a world of white, bright, and silver light—
A heavy flash of light shot from her Magi. You'd probably evaporate if that hit you head-on.
But with such an exaggerated attack, the motion to release it was obvious enough that if you were paying attention, you could avoid a direct hit.
As she tested me with her shots, I caught on to the rhythm of her attacks.
It would take five seconds at the very least for her to fire her next shot.
Normally it would be hard to find something you could accomplish in five seconds... but in battle it meant life or death.
I made it through the first attack just like I planned and closed the distance between us all at once.
I moved close enough that she wouldn't be able to avoid my attack. All I had to do then was pull the trigger on my Magi. Just shoot her defenseless body—she was wide open. I could do it.
Riku: "......"
Yet—I couldn't shoot.
I was close enough that there was no way I could miss, yet my body was frozen like it had petrified.
That meant in the end, it was me who'd given her a fatal window to attack.
She leapt toward me with inhuman strength and swung the Magi in her arms.
I just stood there like an idiot instead of dodging, so I was sent flying by her completely illogical strength.
It only took a moment. I probably only took my eyes off of her for a second or two. But seconds are life and death in battle.
Riku: "Ghah...!!"
Something red spilled from my lips while I lay pitifully on the ground.
I'm not sure if I can call it fortunate, but it at least appeared I'd avoided a direct hit.
But the price of coming close to death had certainly been carved into me. My side ached. I might have broken some ribs.
Riku: "Cough...!"
I attempted to whip my creaking limbs into standing, but it wasn't going well.
Heartless footsteps approached like a predator closing in to finish off wounded prey.
I was ready for the reality that was bearing down on me.
???/Akeno: "Whoa, what the hell happened to you? You look like shit."
Riku: "Huh...?"
I heard a familiar voice—
It was a voice I should never have heard again, speaking crude words I should never have heard again.
Akeno: "You got a stupid look on your face, like you seen a ghost."
Akeno: "Ahh, 's no wonder. I am dead, ain't I?"
Riku: "A-Akeno-san..."
"You're alive"—
Before the words could leave my lips, I realized. The Akeno-san standing before me was—
Akeno: "That's right. I'm nothin' but an illusion. A fantasy conjured up by a girl full a' regret."
Akeno: "What're you about to cry for? You happy to see me, even if you're imaginin' it?"
Akeno: "Cut that out. I'm not havin' some brat cling to me even after I die. I hate lookin' after kids."
Riku: "...You're as rude as ever. But you did appear before me, didn't you?"
Akeno: "Well, you're fuckin' embarrassin' me. I couldn't sit and watch—I had to come back down from heaven."
Riku: "Please don't lie like that. If you went to heaven, what on earth would the point of hell be?"
Akeno: "Haha, so you {do} got the strength to talk back a little."
Akeno: "Then what're ya waitin' for? Clean that thing up already."
Akeno: "Or can you not hurt the body of your precious Akeno-san? Were you that type a' character?"
Riku: "...I don't even know myself. My hands just suddenly stopped moving."
Akeno: "Hey, remember the thing I told you about funerals?"
Riku: "...I don't."
Akeno: "No, you do. Otherwise, how would I?"
Akeno: "Well, whatever. I'll say it again. You know who we have funerals for?"
Riku: "Well... for the deceased."
Akeno: "That's what you said the first time I told ya this. But you're wrong."
Akeno: "The dead guy doesn't give a shit what happens to his body."
Akeno: "Right? What's it matter to him if his body rots or burns up? That's what death means!"
Akeno: "Funerals are for the people who're left behind."
Akeno: "Unlike the dead guy, time goes on for the living. Tomorrow'll come just like yesterday did."
Akeno: "No matter how much ya cling to 'em, the living can't exist in the same time as the dead. So they need a little push to start movin' again."
Akeno: "That's what a funeral's for. Ya burn the guy up, toss his bones in a grave, and bury him."
Akeno: "Then ya come visit a few times a year, put your hands together, and think about the guy. That's just about right."
Akeno: "Nothing good'll come of broodin' like you are."
Riku: "...Now I remember. I didn't really understand it back then."
Riku: "...But I think I've grasped the true meaning of it now."
As the information entering my sight became more realistic, Akeno-san's outline started getting hazier.
Akeno: "This is your life. You can live if you wanna live and die if you wanna die."
Akeno: "But y'know, there's people waitin' for ya, dumbass that y'are."
Akeno: "If you wanna look 'em in the eyes, you'd better work a little harder."
Riku: "...I think it's the first time you've said something so pretty."
Akeno: "'S up to you if you wanna take it as me bein' nice. I don't care."
Akeno: "This is really the last you'll see a' me. Now don't go causin' me even more trouble by dyin'."
Riku: "...Thank you, Akeno-san."
By the time I was standing on my own feet again, I couldn't see Akeno-san anymore.
Her sharp tongue was exactly the same, even after death. Maybe she'd even cheated the gatekeeper of the underworld and snuck her way into heaven.
It seems I was only unconscious for a short time.
If not, I'm sure the woman in front of me would have sent me off to the underworld myself.
Riku: "This is a funeral."
I threw aside my useless broken Magi and lifted my right hand.
Riku: "One I need in order to move forward, to meet tomorrow by their side."
I would send Akeno-san off with her own sister's power. If there really was such a thing as fate, how ironic was this?
A warning ran through my body, starting from my heart. This power wasn't something I was supposed to have. It was only natural that it had adverse effects on me.
But I had to do this. Not for Akeno-san, and definitely not for her sister.
It was for me.
Even if it was selfish, if I didn't do this, I wouldn't be able to move forward.
Riku: "Please forgive me for not being able to bury you. I don't think even bones will be left behind."
I would use my power to its utmost maximum. It was the best tribute I could give her.
Riku: "If you're going to scream, you'd better do it now. I don't think you'll even have time to feel the pain."
I burned the sight of her face into my memory.
I burned the sight of her brandishing her Magi at me into my memory.
In all my life, I would never forget that twisted woman—Mikuriya Akeno—who had all my respect and adoration. I would never forget her sister either. I couldn't.
Riku: "Goodbye, Akeno-san."
Instead of flowers for her grave, I put all of my emotions into that farewell.
I held down my rioting heart by sheer will. I couldn't even breathe from the recoil of my most powerful attack.
Riku: "Haahh... haahh..."
When I finally caught my breath, I checked the spot where the magic had hit.
There was a black, soot-like stain on the ground.
It was the ending of one story.
But it wasn't the end of everything.
There was still work left for me to do.
My partners were waiting—
Without wasting time on sentimentality, I endured the pain in my chest and ran into the mist.
====================J012.TXT====================
Making my way through the underground passage, I entered an elevator and entrusted myself to the sensation of descent. When I finally arrived at the bottom, I leapt from the doors.
There were no floor buttons, so I couldn't say for sure, but judging on the speed I was falling, for close to five seconds... I'd say I went about 200 meters down.
Clone research, Dunamis research, magic research, oversight of the Victor releasing Elements—they couldn't do all that without a huge facility to work in.
I hugged the wall of the totally artificial hallway as I went, when—
Senri: (Footsteps... someone's coming.)
There was nowhere for me to completely conceal myself.
I knelt down as low as I could and prayed I'd be in the passerby's blind spot.
Drawing my trusty gun from its holster, I gripped it, ready to fire at a moment's notice.
I took a piece of glass I'd picked up during the riots from my coat and looked at the feet coming around the corner.
Even if it's just some hired researcher, I can't change the way I deal with them.
Three more steps—two more——one.
I swept his legs out from under him, then when he fell forward, brought my gun down on his back. He really went splat on the ground like a frog.
Right when I tried to pin his arm and drag him upward, his hand shot out and formed a familiar luminescent phenomenon.
I flipped my coat up and made the target as big as possible, drawing his aim to the center of me.
Then I gained some distance from him and twisted my body. Right then, a boom like that of a blast furnace scraped past me.
Those contrary blue flames. I got a little burned, but I'd avoided a lethal wound.
The ceiling where the azure flames had hit melted through and white hot drool dripped down from it.
Senri: "Almost as strong as the real thing, eh? And words don't get through to you guys, do they?"
From what I learned at Inui's mansion, I knew all about the boost in strength a Neocrystallization would give them.
There was no room for negotiation—I stopped strategizing to save whatever fractions of a second I could. Backing up to gain some more distance, I shot at him with a quick draw.
The clone spread his crossed arms and a crucifix of fire burned away my bullets. He then came at me in the same motion.
Senri: "You're trouble."
I kept moving as well, taking refuge deeper into the corridor. The wall I hid behind melted like magma and I broke out in a cold sweat.
There was no time to hesitate. I planted my feet for a dash deeper in—then stopped.
There was an identical silhouette before me, and its footsteps proved that I wasn't hallucinating.
I clucked my tongue and turned around—and found the worst possibility waiting for me.
Senri: "...This is... not good......"
The clone I'd been fighting was already extending an arm, muttering something.
Senri: (An incantation... this is the end of the line, huh?)
I'd just have to take him out before they really surrounded me.
I concentrated on the clone's hand. If I leapt at him right when he released his blue flames—most likely, I wouldn't escape unscathed, but I had no choice, backed into a corner as I was.
Senri: "—?!"
I'd been concentrating solely on the movements of that hand, but now I frantically searched for where the voice had come from.
And I cursed fate.
A second clone—one that had come for backup, was right up next to the first.
Even if I avoided the blast, I'd be taken out, no question, while I was dealing with one of them.
Unable to come up with an answer immediately, I used what little time I had for observation, glaring at the second clone.
And at my gaze, {the second clone focused on me and nodded}.
Haruto Clone/Haruto: "—[Howl like the wind!!]"
Azure flames alike but different mixed with the the clone's. The essence of the azure expanded and the waves of its heat surged toward all, with no distinction as to a target.
A white-hot searing smell hit my nostrils.
An object that brought to mind high-quality ebony hit the floor with a thud.
It only took me a moment to realize that it was the ghastly form of the first clone after taking a direct hit {from the second}.
Haruto Clone/Haruto: "Next!"
They say if a person starts talking to a mirror, they'll have a mental breakdown in less than two weeks.
The average psyche can't bear facing someone identical to them. It causes strong, uncontrollable emotions to form, which makes them hesitate.
I wonder, though. The {second} seemed intent on facing the clones, who were now gathering after that thunderous exchange, all by himself.
Yes, the second's name was—
Senri: "—Haruto."
Haruto howled. He kicked the ground and the huge sword he held aloft behind him spewed flames, propelling him forward.
When the clones were focused on the dazzling firepower of his azure flames, he ripped the top of their bodies from the bottom—a single strike to kill.
Asahi: "Senri...? So you're here too, Senri."
Asahi found me while I was distracted by Haruto's work.
Asahi, who'd worked with me at the Ministry and had raced around afterward to save Haruto, was still at his side even now.
Senri: "Looks like you were right about him."
It wasn't like me, but I couldn't help but smile as I turned on my heel. I slipped through the opening Haruto had created and moved forward, the clashes of swords and roars of explosions behind me.
I made for the deepest part of the facility, moving carefully so that no one would find me.
I spotted some clones on my way, but they seemed to be focused on stopping Haruto's rampage. None of them followed me.
Senri: (I'll have to find someone I can get some information out of if I want to take the fastest route to the deepest part of the facility.)
I suddenly stopped.
My feet were being illuminated by light leaking out from a room.
Senri: (......Guess I'll start here...)
I threw open the door and put my back to it, surveying the room inside.
I thought it was empty for a moment, then noticed that the people inside were huddled in a corner.
They were all cowering there, clutching their knees. Grown men acting like children scared of a thunderstorm. It was an odd sight.
Senri: (...This is bizarre.)
I couldn't comprehend the situation, so my focus was directed to the inner room rather then them.
All lined up beyond a heavily-locked door was a room full of cultivation tanks that would fit a person inside. I could see them through the glass wall.
Inside the tanks were men—men who all looked the same, in all the countless tanks.
Senri: "I knew this was happening, but the anger you feel when you see it for yourself can't be easily described."
I'll get my information out of these researchers and get out of here as soon as possible.
Senri: "Huh?"
Ruu: "Ru?"
—My eyes met with the {worst possible person} I could run into. Maybe she'd just touched a control monitor or something. She'd just come out rubbing her fingers.
Her cloudy eyes, like a dead fish's, lit up as soon as she saw me.
Ruu: "Ru? Rururu, ahaha♪ This is unexpected. So you came to me."
Senri: "Just my luck to run into you."
Ruu: "Aw, I think you're pretty lucky."
Senri: "You never change."
I thought back to when I'd saved her from those thugs, not knowing that she was the very mastermind behind the Ring malfunctions.
Ruu: "You don't seem to have changed much either, Senri."
Ruu gave me an innocent smile, one twisted with her absolute evil. It was almost like Noah's, but in a totally opposite way.
This girl always gets in my way right at the worst moment. Whenever I'm about to put the organization into check, she appears. We're drawn to each other, almost like magnets.
Senri: "So you got data from the Ring experiments and Haruto and integrated it into the clones."
Apparently Ruu was going to explain from the beginning, but after my comment, she made a show of rethinking her words.
Ruu: "Now why would Ruu do that? These clones are just leftovers. There's nothing to do with all the excess, you know."
Ruu: "Ahh#, it's such a pain just ending their life support. Senri, rub my shoulders#♪"
Senri: "...They were alive, weren't they?"
Ruu: "Well, you use them as long as you can and then you get rid of them when you're done. What's wrong with that?"
Ruu: "Convenience store lunches have meat from slaughtered animals in them, right? What's the difference between Ruu and the people who throw those away after they pass their best-before date?"
Senri: "It's just that I'm not exactly unrelated to the genetic material you've based your little clones on. That's all."
Senri: "I can't let the people desecrating {Senri} get away with it."
Ruu: "Senri and Senri...?"
Ruu looked between me and the cultivation tanks confusedly and then pointed to me and nodded.
Ruu: "Amabuki Senri! I get it, I get it! How did I miss it? I had all the information, too."
Senri: "A name is just a meaningless label, after all. You judge people on their inner qualities, for better or worse."
Ruu: "OutCasts do tend to take fake names to hide who they are. So {that's} where you got the alias."
Senri: "...I just wanted to keep the memory fresh. So that I wouldn't forget my goal—so that the fire wouldn't go out."
Ruu: "I'm impressed you found that secret passage in the research lab after we parted, though."
Senri: "There was a woman who wouldn't let go of the little string she found connected to you, not even after she died. I'm not here facing you due to my own abilities."
Ruu: "Ah, the Holy War survivor snooping around about us... So she still had some information hidden somewhere."
Senri: "...Are those researchers under the influence of the rising Element concentration?"
Ruu: "Why do you care about them?"
There were objects like sugar cubes strewn about on the red-stained floor.
Senri: "What, were you testing whether pulling someone's teeth out without anesthetic can cause them to die of shock?"
Ruu: "O-Ohmigosh! How could you tell?!"
She's really begging to be sent down to hell.
Ruu: "Seems like they don't die from it. But you can take control of people through pain and terror... so shall I do it to you too, Senri?"
Ruu: "You're tough, so I'm sure you could endure one or two without showing any fear."
Ruu: "But after five or six, you'll be crying and begging for forgiveness. You've got 28 teeth in total. By the time I get to 28, I'm sure you'll be saying what they all say:"
Ruu: "'I'll hoo any'hing! I'll hoo any'hing!'♪"
Senri: "......If that's what you think, let's try it."
I declared my intent to attack, then shifted my weight almost as if falling backwards. I'd been planning on leaving through the door I came in, but—
Senri: "?!"
My back bumped against it. I was more surprised than hurt.
The door that should have been opened had closed as if it had seen through my escape plan.
Ruu: "Whoa whoa whoa, whoooa whoa whoa whoa, you gotta be kidding me! Here we are having a fateful meeting and you want to run? That's low! That's looow!"
Senri: "My goal is—"
Ruu: "'—Crushing this conspiracy. Not defeating you.' Right?"
An inexplicable sense of dread raced through me. Ruu had guessed the exact words I'd been about to speak.
No, perhaps she would have {made me} say them. It was possible that I was already under her control somehow.
Ruu: "Anyway, Touya-sama isn't even here. He's probably enjoying himself on some other level. This facility's awfully big, you know. I'm not sure you'll be able to find him."
Senri: "...How about you tell me the way back, then? Open the door."
Ruu: "I DON'T THINK SO!"
She grabbed the head of one of the cowering scientists and bashed it against a corner of an instrument.
Again and again and again and again. She bashed. They flew. White beads. It flew. Red fluid. It danced. It fell. He crumbled. He broke.
Ruu: "Aha! Ahahahahaha! What a beautiful set of teeth! I'm jealous!!"
Senri: "Ruu, just tell me. What do you want from me?"
Ruu: "Ahhh#♪ You want to play too, Senri?"
Senri: "Yeah, with you."
I drew my trusty gun. Aiming at Ruu, I was about to pull the trigger, when—something odd happened.
Researcher 1: "Hgh, hghh, hghh!"
Ruu: "What's wrong? Not going to shoot? Go ahead, kill him, Senri."
Ruu had taken one of the scientists as a shield just before I'd shot.
If I hadn't noticed, I would have killed a victim of her abuse.
Ruu: "Well, we can let the people in here go. They won't even be much fun to kill time with."
Ruu: "But—you'll have to stay, Senri."
Her eyes glinted like a predator who'd just found the perfect prey—like a sleeping beast who'd become hungry.
Ruu: "Touya-sama's only imposed these trials on himself for a little fun. If you can't compete with Ruu, it'll just mean you weren't good enough to be one of his trials."
Ruu: "Ruu's work is all done. Controlling things with her little pawns, establishing the Ministry of Magic, starting riots, getting rid of meddlers, collecting subjects for our experiments... It's all done."
Senri: "It's not like you to be satisfied being worked like one of your own pawns."
Ruu: "Don't tease me so much. You'll hurt me! Even people like Ruu need a savior."
The charisma of evil. There's no way I could understand how such a twisted villain like her thinks.
Ruu: "You know, Senri. Ruu wasn't planning on seeing you. She was just going to watch the world Touya-sama desires come together, like it was a fireworks show."
Ruu: "Yet, you came... Why was that, Senri? Why did you come?"
The monster practically slobbered with excitement.
Ruu: "This can only be a reward for all of my hard work! Isn't that right, Senri? Come on, let's settle this, Senri!"
Senri: "It hardly matters to me whether they live or die—but sure."
Senri: "Seeing how excited you are makes me want to beat you down in disgust."
Ruu: "Isn't that wonderful, boys? Saved by sweet Mr. Senri. Now, go on. Git!"
With a complacent smile, Ruu gestured to the door with her chin and the scientists all filed out as if brainwashed.
And when the last one had left, Ruu suddenly acted like she'd tripped on nothing.
Ruu: "Ohhh nooo, my haaand sliiipped!"
What felt like light, but with mass, flew past me. It went through the door before I had time to follow it with my eyes, and then there was silence. I waited, my eyes fixed on the door, and the light reappeared.
Ruu: "Heartcatch♪"
Skewered like yakitori, a tidy line of hearts spewed a vast amount of blood. The smell of it filled the room.
Ruu: "I'm sorry, Senri, I promised, too... B-But, I can't help it if my hand slipped, right? Right??"
Senri: "You're the type to think 'I did good' with not a question in your mind after committing mass murder, aren't you?"
Senri: "That expression that says you're full of satisfaction, like you've just done a pile of good deeds all at once... you're not pretending."
Ruu: "You understand?!"
I understood that she was defective, with no chance of repair, so much so that it aggravated me.
Ruu: "Praise me... fill me up! Pump everything you have into me, please!"
Ruu: "If you take the laughter out of slaughter, there's barely anything left! Hahahahahahahaha♪"
Senri: "Sure... I got it, Ruu. Nothing can be done about you anymore—so I'll do something."
Quick draw—and shooting at Ruu, I leapt onto the machinery and closed the distance between us.
My experience in evasion saved me. Just before I was about to hit Ruu, lights flew at me from behind. They clashed together with a shrill sound, like a guillotine.
If I'd gone one step farther, my head would have been separated from my body.
Ruu: "Come to think of it, I haven't shown these off for you yet, have I, Senri?"
Magi wings—and not the biological kind, but steel feathers that spread out around her like a fan.
Ruu: "Ruu's weapon is a little different from other people's...♪"
Flying. Floating. Whichever it was—I knew from the skewering that these airborne Magi wings of unknown construction were all highly lethal.
Senri: "Sheesh. Metamorphosis, eh?"
Ruu: "Indeed. These are Ruu's wings. If you rip them off, she'll fall right to the ground."
Senri: "I can just see you crawling around in tears."
Each of the steel feathers pointed themselves at me.
Ruu: "Now flyyyyyyyyyyy♪"
The imago before me handed down its absolute orders—
The crystal embedded in the last one shattered and turned to dust.
Haruto: "Phew... that's it, right?"
Figures were piled all over each other around me.
The clones with the same face as me had all stopped moving, like robots that were out of batteries.
Haruto: "I wonder why I didn't end up like them."
I was in the same position. I was created just to be used and thrown away when I no longer had any worth.
We'd ended up fighting, but for all of that, I never had any enmity for them.
Our true fight should be against—
Asahi: "I don't see any more."
Haruto: "...Alright. Then let's move on."
Asahi: "Are you okay...?"
I wonder if I was doing something that made her concerned...
Asahi looked at me worriedly, as if she'd sensed something off about me.
Haruto: "I'm fine. It actually feels better to know where we're going."
Haruto: "It's much better than walking blindly in the darkness."
Haruto: "Let's go. We can't let them do as they please any longer. We have to stop them here."
Haruto: "We need to end this now."
We walked off, heading deeper, in order to put an end to the root of all this.
If there was poison on the Magi wings swarming me, I'd probably be on the ground with no hope of victory.
The attacks never let up, and to deal with them I'd have to keep my evasion at a minimum, allowing myself to get nicked a little.
If I evaded them with any grand motions—throwing myself into the air, for instance—I'd have no way to dodge the next bladed feather that swung my way.
So I'd have to fray my nerves, drawing them back as far as I could while taking a few scrapes—
No, a surprise attack from behind.
Ruu: "My! You've got eyes on the back of your head too, don't you, Senri? You dodged that like it was choreographed!"
Her Magi made up of steel feathers swarmed me all at once. I was only focused on avoiding a direct hit, fighting completely defensively. Bloody gashes opened up all over me.
Ruu: "Hmm... You're not relying on your kinetic vision, but rather the reflexes you've honed through experience. That's why I'm not getting any information on your next moves."
Senri: "......"
She muttered suggestively. "Information on my next moves" must be what her Dunamis provides her. Either that or it was a bluff to shake me...
Ruu: "Come on now, how are you going to handle Ruu? Do you have a scheme cooked up yet?"
Senri: "Shut up."
Ruu: "Ugh, you're not serious, are you? I don't want to see you losing your composure."
Senri: "With enough bullets, one just might find you. I don't care what you have to say."
I fired randomly, indiscriminately. But her Magi wings excelled so much at defense that they wouldn't allow a single stray bullet through to her. They moved with mechanical precision to protect their master from even a single scratch.
Ruu: "Oh, don't disappoint me too much, now."
Her eyes narrowed—her steel wings cut the air with a sharp sound as they sped toward me to sever my shooting arm.
{I took their bait.}
—As soon as I had the thought, I threw out my gun and freed my arm. At the same time, I bent my knees, flattening my body almost to the ground, preparing to increase my velocity.
Ruu: "Oh? That's an interesting stunt."
I caught the steel wings in my hands, using the experience from my duel with Fiona at Next.
The technique didn't succeed completely. Both of my palms had been slashed, letting loose a spray of blood, but the advantage I'd gained was far greater.
Of course, stopping a swinging blade was impossible for an amateur like me. It was like anticipating the thrust of a knife and stopping it with your arm.
Senri: "Maybe it's because you're controlling them all at once, but each one's speed doesn't even come close to Fiona's sword. They're practically standing still in the air."
I held the blade down, grabbed its other end, and planted my feet on the ground.
Senri: "It's a part of you, right? Well, take it back!"
I transferred its centrifugal force through my fingers and the steel wing spun toward Ruu.
However—on its way there, its speed dropped unnaturally and it merely returned to her control like a dog with a ball in its mouth.
Senri: (Will this be enough to stop her...?)
I was unsure, but I couldn't let the opportunity slip away. I picked up my trusty gun and fired three shots at Ruu, who hadn't managed to make the switch to defense mode yet.
Ruu: "Tricky, tricky... but not quite good enough."
Senri: "Unharmed, eh..."
She had a tiny fortress boasting heavy defensive shielding and the shock absorption of special-treated rubber, making the impact of bullets completely meaningless.
She had the strength of a one-man army—defeating Ruu would be no ordinary feat.
Senri: "Phew... well, so be it. {You'll be surprised by my next trick}."
Ruu: "......"
Senri: (What's important is that I weathered an attack. {That comment} will force Ruu to put her guard up.)
Senri: (I was confident enough to catch the blade since I'd accustomed my eyes to its speed. If she ups their pace, I won't be able to deal with them. I could only try that once...)
Senri: (What do I do... There's no point in stealing just one of her blades. Five... I need to break at least five, or the ones remaining will continue to protect her.)
Ruu: "...Senri, I can hear everything you're thinking."
Senri: "...What are you talking about?"
Ruu: "You're in trouble, aren't you? You're trying to get me to be careful so that you have enough time to plan your next move."
She saw through me? Or she's bluffing—no, remember.
Senri: "My goal is—"
Ruu: "'—Crushing this conspiracy. Not defeating you.' Right?"
—She's not bluffing.
Ruu can hear my thoughts.
Can read my mind.
Ruu: "Have you finally realized? I told Haruto's team as a sort of handicap. Ruu can read people's thoughs."
Ruu: "My Dunamis allows me to read all electric networks and freely rewrite them. That includes the information transmission between brain cells, of course."
She can control a combat helicopter and countless Magi with the same Dunamis that she uses to read minds?
Ruu: "It's an ability that can be put to varied uses depending on the situation, so it's perfect for helping out Touya-sama."
Senri: "...I don't care about your love for Touya."
Ruu: "Love. Love? Love! Ooh, what a wonderful word. You can just throw it out there and then feel like you're a better person for it, or something."
Ruu: "There can't be too many girls besides Ruu who can accept a monster like you, right?"
She raised her hand in the air like a diva on stage as she went on. I wasn't even able to participate in the conversation, occupied as I was with avoiding the lightning-fast blades flying at me.
Ruu: "Alright! Enough of your little tricks! I want to see your true strength now!"
Ruu: "Show me that strong, strong Senri who takes everything in stride. I want you to surprise Ruu with something she'd never think of♪"
Eyes sparkling like a child, Ruu deployed her Magi wings. Leaving just two of them to defend her, she sent the rest out in a concentrated attack, relying on strength in numbers to take me down.
The slashes were quick—they brought to mind a pack of starving wolves rushing their weakened prey.
There was no way to evade all of them. I avoided as many strikes as I could and was slashed once, twice, thrice.
Ruu: "Ooh, that looks painful...♪ Getting injured on purpose to make me drop my guard? That psychological warfare you like so much?"
The blades spun. The wolves' fangs bit into my flesh. The lacerations on my knees told my brain to stop moving.
Senri: (I have no way to avoid them...)
Ruu: "Huh? What was that...?"
The blade right at my throat stopped on a dime, like a magic trick. Seeing me covered in blood and on my knees, Ruu must have stopped it.
The blade that had failed to finish me flew back to its master. With her Magi wings about her, Ruu should have had a regal bearing, but instead she looked shocked.
Ruu: "Wait, wait a second."
Ruu: "Don't make this so boring. Throw away that gun and come at me with everything you have."
Senri: "......"
Ruu: "Huh? Senri—you can't really... just... {just be losing to Ruu}?"
Ruu: "You didn't get on your knees on purpose for some sort of psychological warfare Ruu wouldn't think of?"
Ruu: "What happened to your Dunamis...?"
I glared at Ruu, who was more worried about me than I was.
Senri: "It's gone."
Ruu: "...{Gone}?"
Ruu: "Dynamos all have a hidden spring inside them. A living spring from which Elements flow."
Ruu: "Has your spring dried up?"
Senri: "Who knows. What's gone is gone. I gave the source of my power to Noah."
I'm not sure whether it's that my Dunamis itself has been destroyed or that all the Elements within me have run out, but it's true that I've lost my power.
Even if I tried to hide it, she'd eventually read my thoughts and realize.
Senri: "What about it?"
I asked her like we were discussing the weather, and—
Ruu: "—You've got to be kidding me!!!"
Ruu: "We can't compare our strength?! That's too cruel! Let Ruu experience the joy of using all her might against a strong opponent! Fulfill your responsibility!!"
I've never seen Ruu with so little composure.
Ruu: "Fuuuuck... Ruu was the only one who could truly be your equal... this is a total let-down!"
Maybe because of the extreme stress, Ruu dug her nails into her own scalp and clawed so hard that blood welled up. Her bloodshot eyes glared hatefully at me.
Ruu: "...I can't get excited about fighting with vermin..."
After a bit of outrage, Ruu muttered with a face that said she was truly exhausted:
Ruu: "I don't care how, just die. You've got a gun, right? Shoot yourself or something."
Senri: "...Like this?"
I pretended to hold the gun against my temple, then rained bullets down on the glass-covered equipment.
If her Magi are set to cover a wide range, while they're {blocking} the flying glass, Ruu's defenses might be weaker.
Ruu: "What the hell... Are you stupid...?"
I took a chance on a possibility, but it was useless. Her coordinated blades blocked attacks from every angle with the utmost efficiency.
The blades deflected my next few shots and some of them went right back to me, piercing me in several places.
Senri: "...Gh... precise, aren't they..."
Ruu: "Well, it has nothing to do with whether I'm on my guard or not. The difference in ability between us is simply too great."
Ruu's shoulders sagged with disappointment, but her gaze soon turned to one of suspicion.
Ruu: "Wait... but it's strange."
Ruu: "You're a veteran of so many battles. Your mind can sense the clear difference in strength even without your Dunamis. You should be full of unease..."
Ruu: "There's no hope for you with no power to rely on, yet you show no signs of fear. You haven't given up? You're not going to?"
Ruu: "I see... the same indomitable spirit as Rikudou Asahi...?"
Senri: "—Quit making your own assumptions about me."
Senri: "I was making use of it just because I could. {That's all a Dunamis is}, isn't it?"
Everyone wants something, so they work for it. They train to hone skills or cultivate knowledge. It's not so different from that.
I would use it to fulfill my goals, but it's not something to cling to—giving up or persevering just because you've lost a Dunamis... it's laughable.
Senri: "Or what? Would you be so scared you couldn't sleep at night as soon as you lost your power?"
Senri: "You've got a cute side to you after all. Shall I sleep beside you until it gets light out, then?"
Ruu: "Gh... Sure, sure, keep talking."
A merciless blow. When I tried to stand, twin lacerations opened up on my thighs and my knees hit the floor again.
I dropped my gun with the pain and it slid to the wall. I didn't realize it had been kicked aside by Ruu until her foot was pressed against my face.
Ruu: "Ruu has been deeply wounded. Lick my shoe, would you? Apologize."
Senri: "If apologizing will get me out of this mess, I'll apologize all you want."
Ruu: "Shut up. Don't act so tough. All you can do now is try to get on my good side and make me want to keep you alive, you know."
Senri: "I understand. It's exactly as you say, Mistress Ruu."
I gave her a little smile and tapped on my temple.
(You think you're someone special just because of the power that ensares you. Well, I'll break your wings.)
(And I'll be thorough—so that you'll never fly again, just like you were when you caused the Fall of Icarus.)
Ruu: "Theeeeere you go thinking moronic things like that again!"
The metal wings folded together to strike me in a different way than their original function. The blow had the weight of a steel beam behind it and sent me into the air.
I hit the equipment and fell against it. A bottle hit my head with the glass shards raining down around me.
My insides sloshed around in me and gastric juice rushed into my throat. I just barely managed to swallow it and clenched my teeth.
Ruu: "Aww, making such a mess. There were important things in there, you know."
A cabinet storing the equipment used for research on the clones—it had been locked, but the impact had broken the case.
I'd gone right into the shelves and my body felt heavy now. I could no longer stand.
Ruu: "You're pretty well-informed, so I bet you know all about rat torture, right, Senri?"
I pushed down on the floor with both hands, trying to get back on my feet, when the bottle rolled over to my fingers and stopped.
There was no mystery as to why {it} was in this lab.
Ruu: "You put a rat on someone's stomach, then close it in and heat it. Then the rat chews through their stomach in order to escape the heat and they die."
I didn't think about {it} too deeply, mechanically responding to Ruu. I pulled the bin into my hand with my fingers carefully, so that she wouldn't notice.
Ruu: "We've got some rats around that we use for experiments. If we tried that out on you, I bet your cool expression would turn all ghastly, don't you think?"
Ruu: "I can't put up with fighting a powerless insect. The least you can do is be my toy."
Ruu: "I'll destroy everything that's human about you and make you into my pet♪"
I raised my clenched hand and slammed it against the floor. Fragments of the bottle stabbed into my fingers and the liquid inside splashed out.
I grabbed the object sitting in the puddle. The Neocrystallizations embedded in the clones—a cursed product of the experimentation on OutCasts.
Ruu: "Hmm...? It's fine with me, but can you really use that?"
Ruu's reaction was slightly delayed, but she didn't seem in a hurry to stop me.
Ruu: "You've seen it plenty of times by now, haven't you? You know how dangerous that is. The fate awaiting all who use an incomplete Neocrystallization is nothing but a violent end."
Ruu: "You're not the type to bet on an all-or-nothing gamble. You calculate. If you use that, you'll die, 100%. Can you still do it?"
Ruu: "Are you going to put everything you have into this just so that Ruu can have some fun?!"
The many effects Neocrystallizations had on the body... even without knowing the details, seeing what had happened to Inui in the end was enough.
Inui: "...I'll sell my soul as many times as I need to... I... We have things to accomplish...!!"
The voice of the great Caster who used a Neocrystallization at the risk of his life for the sake of his goals echoed clearly in my ears.
Senri: "Heh...... If I last 30 minutes, that'll be enough."
In an instant, Ruu's smile twisted into shock.
She'd probably read the information transmitting through my brain and grasped my plan.
Senri: "I don't care what happens to my body after I've crushed the conspiracy."
Senri: "{I have no interest in it and the thought's left no impression on me}."
I grasped the Neocrystallization and thrust it deep into my chest.
Grind, grind grind, sinking deeper in until the tip of it had vanished—my heart burst.
My limbs spasmed, my bones creaking. My eyeballs practically leapt from my head and my throat was so dry and painful it made me want to thrust my fingers down it.
My blood boiled and spewed from my wounds, but cellular regeneration had also sped up at an incredible rate. It was like going through four seasons in a moment, like death and rebirth cycling again and again.
A dizzying "rewriting" was maddening me, a vast amount of energy flooding through my body.
Crying. Shrieking. Howling. Something unknown was eroding me and I screamed from the bottom of my lungs, feeling a mix of every kind of emotion.
I took in the Elements sealed in the Neocrystallization, forcing them to bend to my will—that's what it felt like.
Ruu: "I can't believe you actually used it! What an idiot!! But this might just be fun, so I'll say thank you!!"
I lost my sense of distance. In my flattened vision, I could just barely make out the steel wings, but I couldn't tell how close they were to me.
My lacerated legs throbbed. I stumbled forward and miraculously avoided the steel wings.
Ruu: "This isn't some comic book. Neocrystallizations won't heal your wounds. If they were so almighty, Ruu would have already used one."
Ruu: "Over-amplified Elements become poison, and you'll succumb to their side effects. Standing is the most you can do right now, isn't it?"
Ruu's ramblings, explaining something I already understood, started going in one ear and out the other halfway through. I wasn't interested.
Senri: (Inui... you truly loved magic... That's why you were so excited to feel the power flowing through you when you used the Neocrystallization...)
I couldn't escape the feeling of the ground rising up to meet me. Headache, dizziness, nausea. I was in rough shape.
I'm not happy about bending others' power to my will like Inui was.
Ruu: "Anyway, you could never be a threat to me the way you are now. It's too bad."
The steel wings attacked again. It was a fierce attack, the blades flying at me with the speed and power of a typhoon.
It was written in stone that they'd all find their mark. I was helpless.
Ruu: "You're no match for me."
I should have... been helpless.
Ruu: "........."
Ruu stopped mid-attack and stood there, speechless.
I sluggishly took a Re:D Elephant from my coat. I'd been carrying one ever since I'd bought the case of them.
It had been warmed by my body heat, but I tossed it over to her. It went right past her stock-still frame and hit the floor.
Senri: "The advertising says it'll make you stronger than an elephant. Sure you don't need a sip?"
Ruu: "...Senri... you..."
Is there something in my eye? It looks almost like there's a drop of sweat on the forehead of this little queen of slaughter.
Senri: "Ruu. Why did your attacks not even scrape me?"
Senri: "{I want to hear from your mouth whether it was just a coincidence or not}."
The bead of sweat I thought I'd imagined grew to a drop. Ruu's nose twitched and she licked her lower lip.
Ruu: "Your Dunamis is... recreating magic that's been used before. A year ago, when you broke the combat helicopter, it was because you combined all the magic that had been used at the station."
Ruu: "When no one could stop Inui after he used the Neocrystallization, you took him on and canceled his peerless wind with your own, using the same Elements..."
Ruu: "But I'm controlling my Magi with my Dunamis, not magic."
Senri: "'—couldn't have gained the power to temporarily recreate Dunameis because of the Neocrystallization'...?"
Ruu: "—D-Don't come any closer. I..."
Senri: "'If you do...' If I do, what? If you're only thinking it up now, you're too late."
She'd used her Magi like they were a part of her, but now they were objects of suspicion for Ruu.
Ruu had been the master of all things that moved by electricity, but now the weapons that had been her partners filled her with fright.
Senri: "You wanted to compare our strengths, didn't you?"
Ruu: "Shut up..."
Senri: "Recall the quickest route to the deepest part of this facility."
Ruu: "?!"
The information poured into my brain.
I knew the layout of the facility like it was a favorite book I'd read countless times. It felt like I'd known it all along.
Senri: "That helps. This is actually pretty useful."
Ruu: "Shut up! Don't read other people's minds! That's an invasion of privacy!!"
The rain of steel wings stopped just before any of the blades could cut through my clothes. They backed up like they were under some repulsive force, then spread out around me.
In other words—her Magi had revolted, and were now under my control.
They would follow whoever was strongest... It was only natural, really.
Ruu: "M—M-M-M—Move... Move... Move, please! Those are Ruu's... They're RUUuuuUUU'S!"
Senri: "How does it feel having someone steal what's yours? Do you like it, Ruu?"
Ruu: "S-Senri..."
She jumped at my voice and flinched back like a lion had her in its sights.
She backed up two, three steps—then leapt toward the door like a frightened rabbit.
Senri: "You'll say 'it won't open.'"
Ruu: "It won't o—ah!"
Naturally, I can recreate the lock on the door now too. And by peering into her mind, I can predict what she'll do.
I can reconstruct every effect Ruu's produced with her Dunamis here.
Senri: "This unparalleled monster is running from a walking corpse. It's hilarious."
The priest persevered in his faith until the end.
Kamidate chased the conspiracy until the end.
Inui protected Fiona in the end.
Senri: "Aren't you... just like an infant, wielding your power with no thought to the consequences? Your worth as a human being is less than that of vermin."
The one who'd acted so excited to use all her strength against a powerful enemy was now shrinking like a withered flower.
Ruu: "W—Wait a second, let's just calm down for a minute, Senri."
Senri: "Unfortunately, my time is limited now that I've used a Neocrystallization. I can't waste it."
I could feel my soul burning out like a log on a fire.
I knew that in exchange for an inexhaustible supply of Elements, my life was fading, with death quickly approaching.
Senri: "Inui and Fiona, the ones you used like they were disposable tissues, would have kept coming at me even with their limbs torn off."
Ruu: "You can't compare barbarians like you people to a frail girl like Ruu."
Senri: "No. It's that you're the only one who couldn't become a barbarian. You neglected to, relying on your power instead."
Inui, Fiona, and I... we never neglected our training.
Senri: "We're cowards. We were never confident enough to feel superior just because we had abilities most people could never use."
The physiques and techniques Inui and Fiona cultivated were threats personified.
No, it's not just them. The OutCasts and BURST officers—every person I overcame to get here came at me prepared to die.
None of them were so blinded by their power that they fought me as though their victory was guaranteed.
They all feared somewhere in their hearts that death was right beside them—but still, they pushed that fear down and fought for something important to them.
Senri: "—You've never hit a wall before, have you?"
Ruu: "Wha..."
Senri: "You don't need to tell me. I know. You were talking so cheerfully about trials. So I've got one for you."
Senri: "Try and overcome this, Ruu."
A flash like a falling star in the night—the Magi wings rained down, cutting through the silence. They stuck into the floor around Ruu, caging her where she'd fallen to her knees.
I'd stopped the Magi just before tearing her flesh, but they still inspired fear in her like a child cowering from thunder.
I was sure of that {because Ruu's mind was saying so}.
Ruu: "...! ...!"
Ruu had remembered that she was a fragile being, made up of soft, weak flesh.
Her body wasn't made of steel. Her dainty arms would break easily if they were grabbed with much force. Her legs were just flesh, skin, and bones. They wouldn't allow her to run from assailants.
Ruu's Dunamis was her only weapon, and at some point unknown even to her, she'd become dependent on it.
Ruu: "S-St—"
Senri: "Did you ever stop when they asked you to?"
Senri: "How many people did you kill with a sneer on your face as they cried and begged you to stop?"
Ruu: "I-I don't remember."
Senri: "...I bet."
How {could} she remember the number of people she'd killed?
It was her daily routine.
She killed people without any reason to, without any emotions behind it, like she was just breathing, like crushing insects.
Senri: "Hey, Ruu. You're starting to leave an 'impression' on me."
Senri: "Last year you said things couldn't possibly change depending on interest or feelings, so I'm sure you're not scared to get a peek at them now."
Ruu was slumped on the floor, her steel wings at her back and her eyes wide open. She made no attempt to flee from me.
Senri: "Read my mind. Read the 'feelings' that are welling up in me for you."
Ruu: "...! ...! ...!"
Ruu's Dunamis automatically picks up all the information around her.
The single thing I'm feeling for Ruu will make its way into her mind regardless of her will.
Ruu: "—Eee, n-no! Help me! I don't want to know your mind! Your thoughts!"
She must have felt bloodcurdling terror, picking up on the things that were going to happen to her and being unable to escape them.
Senri: "Don't be so sad. These feelings I have are only for you, you know."
I stood before Ruu as she shook her head and begged me to stop, tears in her eyes.
Senri: "Deeper."
Ruu: "No..."
Senri: "{Read deeper into my mind}."
Ruu: "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHH!!"
Ruu's features twisted as her mind was ravaged by fear and despair. They warped more than seemed possible.
Ruu: "No! No! No! NONONONOooNOOoooNOOOOOOOoooooo!!"
Ruu's withered limbs swung through the air as if she was fighting an invisible enemy.
Ruu: "Y-Y-You're crazyyYYYy! My head's! Going to crack open! Don't show me any moooooooooore!"
The feelings flowing into her—Ruu was experiencing firsthand the myriad execution methods I was planning to enact on her.
Ruu: "Don't be mean to meeEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEeeeeeeee!!"
Luckily for Ruu, her oversensitive self-preservation instincts decided to cut off her consciousness, and she quickly fainted.
But the feelings her Dunamis was reading wouldn't disappear just because she was switched to "off."
Convulsing as she was with her eyes rolled back in her head, I imagined that as soon as she woke up, the memories would still be fresh in her mind. They'd drag her back down to the pits of terror.
Again and again.
Her nightmare would never end.
Senri: "Crazy, huh..."
Ruu: "...Ruu made no mistake. You've given up on being human. Or were you ever human in the first place?"
Ruu: "You're the exception of an exception. Maybe 1 in 8,000,000,000. The same as Ruu—a beast beyond the norm, who's escaped from your human cage."
Before... when the girl had identified me as being the same as her, I'd felt something close to that somewhere in my heart.
But I was completely mistaken.
Senri: "Insanity that weak could never even hope to swallow me up."
I picked up the can of Re:D Elephant lying on the floor and pulled the tab.
Senri: "—Glp, glp. Phew. This is all I need."
Replenishing some nutrients, I tossed the empty can back onto the floor of the lab. Then I left, heading to accomplish what I was here to do.
====================J016.TXT====================
Asahi: "Hey, can you hear something...?"
We were cautiously advancing through the facility when Asahi suddenly stopped.
Haruto: "'Something'...?"
The only thing that I could hear was our footsteps, and they stopped when we did.
I strained my ears in the dead-silent hallway, and just like she said, a slight noise reached my ears.
Asahi: "Let's check it out."
I followed Asahi when she took off and we came upon a passageway leading farther in.
The origin of the sound was a grand piano.
But why would there be a piano here?
The large lid was hiding the pianist from us.
Right when we stepped toward it, the melody came to its end.
???/Touya: "Music is wonderful, don't you think? It can soothe the heart of those who listen to it."
???/Touya: "But even this is not equal. Those who fail to understand art can't even recognize its worth."
???/Touya: "Second-rate humans bring forth only evil. They are naught but pests who hold back those with worth."
There was a clank as a chair was pushed back. In the next moment, the pianist showed himself to us.
Touya: "Wouldn't you agree?"
Haruto: "Rikudou Touya...!"
The very man we'd seen on that monitor now stood before us.
Asahi's brother, and also the root of everything—
???/Touya: "I just finished another performance elsewhere, in fact. I'm sure those ladies enjoyed it very much."
Asahi: "Onii-chan...! Is it really you, Onii-chan...?!"
Touya: "Long time no see, Asahi. I am without a doubt your brother, Rikudou Touya."
Touya: "It's no wonder you can't believe it. To you, I should have died in the Fall of Icarus."
He smiled as if delighting in her ignorance.
Touya: "What you see isn't all that exists. With just a little power, it's a simple thing to fool the eyes of the masses."
Touya: "The world is brimming with lies and deception, and foolish people don't even try to find the truth."
Touya: "This is why the masses fail to think of the Fall of Icarus as anything more a mere accident."
Touya: "Their worthless lives come to an end without them ever knowing that it was a manufactured tragedy."
Touya: "They're very much like insects. They focus only on their desires and the pleasure right in front of them, and die without putting in any of the effort to understand their true natures."
He spread his arms theatrically and spoke out his true feelings. Everything about him, from head to toe, asserted that he had full confidence in what he was saying.
Touya: "I'm just excising the impurities. Eight years ago, and today as well."
Haruto: "That can't be why you caused the Fall of Icarus...?!"
My dad's coworker was on the trail of a certain case.
He became a victim of the Fall of Icarus while trying to meet with someone who was involved in it.
There were a lot of strange things about that case. So many that he believed there may have been a conspiracy behind it—
Touya: "A somewhat troublesome man had his eye on me. Those who don't know their place must be punished, don't you agree?"
Touya: "I think it was a suitable coffin I prepared to celebrate his journey. It was good enough for me to fake my death with, after all."
Haruto: "You really were the one who...?! What do you think human lives {are}...?!"
Touya: "You say some strange things yourself. Do you not eat pigs and cows?"
Touya: "Why are humans so deserving of your unconditional sympathy?"
Touya: "If the masses can only find worth in being used, don't you think they're much the same as the animals you eat?"
Haruto: "You can't decide someone's worth that easily...!"
Haruto: "They may have been worthless to you, but they were important to other people! You don't have the right to take that away from them...!"
Touya: "I'm not completely unsympathetic to your point... but your logic fails to apply to those at the pinnacle of humanity."
Touya: "The value of a thing or a person can only be decided by a third party. It's subjective."
Touya: "In all times and places, this is determined by whoever is at the top of the hierarchy."
Touya: "So, if I am at the summit, I cannot be wrong."
Touya: "You all are a trial in order to find that out. In order to find out if fate has chosen me."
The ground beneath us suddenly started to shake, rumbling so violently I thought it was a sign that the building was going to collapse around us.
Touya: "It looks as though it's begun."
Haruto: "Wh-What's going on...?!"
Touya: "The world is being reborn anew. This merely signifies that."
The more things seemed to be going his way, the more and more dangerous the situation felt.
Haruto: "We won't let you get away with this...! We can't let there be any more victims...!"
Touya: "Then stop me. If you didn't try, there would be no point in my inviting you here."
Haruto: "...Asahi."
To me, he's just an abominable enemy, but to Asahi, he's much more.
Could she fight with family she thought she'd lost? With her brother, her own flesh and blood...?
Asahi: "Onii-chan... you really have changed."
Touya: "I have not changed. This is who I've always been."
Touya: "What needs to change is the world. It must be reborn in its rightful state. It must be made suitable for my abilities."
Asahi: "...So my brother really did die eight years ago."
Her eyes closed as if to cut away her doubts, and when they opened, they were looking straight ahead.
Asahi: "I won't be captive to the past anymore. I have people who walk alongside me now."
Asahi: "And I won't let anyone destroy that future... I won't let them destroy the Land of Dreams, no matter who they are...!"
An unshakable conviction was emitted from her whole being, and it became a light that shone around her.
Touya: "Arrows of light, eh? Normally magic aptitude is not heritable."
Touya: "But how dull it would be to consider it a mere coincidence. This may be another selection of fate."
Touya: "I will answer in kind, then."
Touya: "Do not betray my expectations."
Haruto: "Watch out!!"
Asahi: "—?!"
His magic manifested frighteningly quickly after he took his stance. Asahi had been about to shoot her own magic, but I pushed her over and we tumbled to the ground.
Rikudou Touya's magic opened a large hole in the ground.
With no time to recover after the might of his magic was displayed right before our eyes, his composed footsteps made their way over to us.
Touya: "Now, let my trial begin."
He said, and smiled so nonchalantly it almost seemed good-natured.
Magic has spread throughout the world, and its secret sleeps in the core of Agartha—the deepest part of this giant underground facility.
Greenery thrived in this underground. Normally, you'd consider it a strange sight, but it didn't surprise me.
It's not that they put this giant tree in the facility, but that they {built a secret research facility where this great tree was}.
In other words, this towering tree was the Element-creating device Kamidate and I had identified the existence of.
Senri: (Many things got in my way, but it looks like the wait is finally over.)
I looked up at the grand tree and was about to move my resting legs once again when I noticed something odd.
Senri: "Diastrophism—"
The small quake became a large one. I got down to my knees and surveyed the situation.
Is this Touya's doing? The shaking seemed like it could spell the destruction of the facility, and yet it didn't stop, but merely grew in intensity—
Senri: "It's one thing after another... Is this another of your 'trials'...?"
My footing grew unstable. The once-level ground tilted, making it seem like it was rising up beneath me.
Senri: "...!"
I got down low and just waited for the shaking to stop.
The quakes continued. I clung desperately to a raging earth that was determined to fling aside every being that stood upon it.
Senri: "—Wait a second..."
My footing became more stable. When I looked up, the scenery around me had completely changed.
Senri: "What kind of trick is this...?"
Everything, including the ground the tree was rooted in, was being drawn to the sky as if to return to the heavens.
I still felt gravity. It was the tree itself producing this effect.
In order for the Element concentration to rise efficiently, they have to be dispersed high in the atmosphere, I suppose.
Determining it pointless to think too deeply about it, I stopped trying and looked around.
Senri: "...I thought we'd reunite one day, but I didn't think it would be in the sky."
Noah sat in a stone chair at the base of the tree, as if in slumber.
I have no idea how she got here, but I had no doubt it was part of Touya's scheme.
Noah was unrestrained. Perhaps Touya didn't think I'd overcome the dual barriers of Inui and Ruu, and I saw no traces of any henchmen or a magically-set trap either.
Senri: "How long are you going to nap there? Get up and look around you. It's a pretty neat thing that's happening here, you know."
Noah: "........."
Senri: "Come on, let's go—Noah."
I reached out, but narrowed my eyes, sensing something dangerous. My fingers had brushed against nothing—some invisible force that I could only describe as "ominous."
Noah: "[...Silence.]"
Films that resembled bloated bubbles instantly spread out to form domes.
It was too sudden—I realized that she hadn't responded to my presence, but rather that the films were stationed there for her protection and had just been deployed.
Noah: "[You are not fit to trespass upon the selection. Leave immediately.]
Danger—at the same moment I sensed it, an impact exploded from my fingertips to my shoulder joints.
I went flying like a piece of paper and bounced at a speed I didn't even want to imagine. I hit the ground again and again and it was all I could do to stay conscious.
Senri: "—Guess I really... went flying..."
By the time I realized it, one of my legs was dangling off the side of a "cliff."
I was in a precarious position, where if I moved inattentively, I could fall from the floating ground.
Senri: "......{Still there, eh?} ...That's good, then."
I lifted up an arm that barely retained any feeling in it and patted myself down from stomach to neck.
After taking that kind of propulsive attack, I had to check which parts of me were still there and how long they'd last.
I only had so much time left after using a Neocrystallization, anyway. I wasn't about to fret about what came {after}.
Senri: "I think I should get the Medal of Valor for this..."
I dragged myself up by the arms and staggered forward.
Every step felt heavy. With each one, I felt my legs growing weaker, but I was making steady progress toward the roots of the tree.
Senri: "I applaud you for thinking on your own and acting on those thoughts, but it doesn't mean anything will come of it."
I'm Noah's guardian no longer.
Senri: "You took steps to stand as my equal, so I'm not going to do anything for you free of charge anymore."
Our relationship now is nothing like it was when I was just keeping her around as a key to uncovering more about the conspiracy.
Senri: "The time for coddling you is over."
Noah: "[...Silence.]"
Senri: "You're the one who's being too quiet."
Senri: "I'm going to destroy that holy aura that's doing nothing but improve the ambience."
Senri: "Don't think I'm going to wake you up gently."
I scraped up all the dregs of energy I had left and concentrated them in my legs.
Without sparing a glance anywhere else, I dashed straight toward the Selector, shortening the distance between us instantly. It was a high-risk, high-reward manuever.
Noah: "[You are not fit to trespass upon the selection. Leave immediately.]
Several globes floated around the Selector, delineating her territory.
I wonder if the impact I felt earlier was a chemical reaction between those films and the Elements in my body.
Senri: "Well, no matter."
At her silent order, the films compressed themselves and flooded toward me.
Senri: "Any enigmata used before—{I'll replicate it}."
I worked my numb arm to its breaking point and generated the same quantity of films. They leapt at Noah's, creating a whirlwind of membranes.
These clinging showers of destruction annihilated each other on impact.
Noah: "[You are not qualified to participate in the Holy War. Leave immediately.]
The bubble-like films spread out like a net, giving the world a rainbow tint. The beads that weren't destroyed by my own brushed my body, and I felt impacts from inside myself.
Senri: "—!"
I was being pushed back—I dug my heels in.
But I didn't care.
In a crisis, my tormented body responded all the more readily to me. I didn't stop walking.
She was right before my eyes—I thrust my arm into the vast territory protecting the stranger with Noah's face, and smashed through it.
Such impolite destruction. Nothing refined about it at all.
Senri: "—And how long do {you} intend to stick around?"
Senri: "I think it's about time you left immediately."
Her territory was destroyed, but even while completely exposed, the Selector showed no signs of fear.
Her heavy-lidded eyes seemed like unfathomable cavities. Noah's bountiful emotions were nowhere to be seen.
Noah: "[You will adversely affect the Selection. Leave immediately.]
I understand well from Noah that the Selector has the ability to absorb Elements.
Senri: "I warned you, didn't I? I'm not at my most gentlemanly right now. No matter how much you complain, I'm not going to pull out until I've pumped everything I have into you."
I needed Elements to smack awake Noah, who slept within the Selector, and because of the Neocrystallization, I had more than I could possibly use right now.
Senri: "Yeah, I'll help you out with that leaving thing. You ready?"
I pointed my arms toward the empty vessel.
Haruto: "Ghack...!"
A sloppy blow.
The shot was needlessly violent, as if just to show off his superior magic aptitude, and it blew us away, together with the wall behind us.
Asahi: "Gh... Haruto...! Get up, Haruto...!"
Haruto: "I'm fine... it's nothing to panic about."
I'd taken a blow with enough force behind it to rip me to shreds, but the pain actually put me at ease.
The more pain I was in, the more it meant I'd protected Asahi—I was almost knocked out by the attack, but it was proof that I'd held Asahi until the end, absorbing the impact for her.
Haruto: (Anyway... what is this place?)
We'd come to a grand location that almost made us forget we'd just been in an underground facility.
Natural stones, greenery, and more than anything else—the sky was spread out above us.
There was a giant crater where clearly something had once been, the signs of it plain in its stark outline.
I made the leap to that something immediately when I saw the huge shadow floating in the sky above us.
Touya: "You look like you need an explanation. That is the very symbol of the transformation taking place."
Rikudou Touya strutted about with full confidence, as if goading us to attack him at any moment we thought his guard was down.
He walked past us, as calm as could be with a faint smile on his face, while we remained tense and on our guard.
Touya: "That great tree is called the King's Pillar, and the government has been monitoring it ever since the birth of magic."
Touya: "Though it's also holy ground, now that I've overcome my trials."
The "King's Pillar"—I remember that mysterious term from the files we found in Rikudou Touya's residence.
Touya: "Several years ago, there was a competition called the Holy War between a portion of the living Dynamos."
Touya: "The Victor of this Holy War could have any wish granted. He chose to fill the world with magic."
Touya: "By sacrificing himself."
Haruto: "Sacrificing...?"
Touya: "The Elements that form the basis of magic today are a diluted form of the Victor's Dunamis."
Touya: "The tree that we call the King's Pillar changes the Victor's Dunamis into Elements and emits them forth."
Touya: "What you call magic is merely a replica of what Dunameis can do."
Haruto: "........."
Rikudou Touya explained these things—which we hadn't asked about—excitedly, as if he was discussing his dream for the future.
Touya: "I alone am qualified to lead the new world. Everything has gone according to my plans."
Touya: "Discovering the Holy War and causing the Fall of Icarus both."
Touya: "Even being captured as a lowly OutCast was part of my plan. I awaited news of its progression within the safety of the detainment facility."
He was utterly devoted to his perfect plan—even then, Rikudou Touya was taking action.
Touya: "I could have been captured by anyone, but for it to have been you... a twist of fate, you think?"
It was a bold move, one that I certainly would never have thought of.
When apprehending magical criminals, there are times when the culprits have to be put down in order to protect the innocents around them.
And wasn't it possible that his identity as Rikudou Touya would be discovered in the detainment facility, causing him a setback?
Touya: "I dealt with all the foolish problems you're considering."
Touya: "The detainment facility was the perfect place for me to hide. I could advance my plans from anywhere with the help of my Dunamis and Ruu."
Asahi: "So you really were behind it all..."
Touya: "Quite right. I did all of it. You were all pieces on my board as well—now, struggle. Cry! My dear trials."
He gave a mad, reverent bow.
The air around Rikudou Touya changed, and tension shot through me like electricity.
Asahi: "Haruto..."
Haruto: "Stand back, Asahi... seems like the conversation's over."
Touya: "[Sprawl forth, light of purification.]"
A golden rutile light shone as if to announce the beginning of a show, then shot up to the sky like a dragon climbing a waterfall.
Asahi: "Haruto...!"
It's alright. I whispered under my breath like a chant, strengthening my resolve.
Haruto: (Since you want a "trial," I can use my power without holding back.)
I have a way to defend myself.
A power that's wasted on me—an overwhelming power that surpasses humanity's knowledge, bound tightly around me like chains.
Haruto: "...If you want a trial that bad—"
I glared up at the thing that I was certain would cruelly rain down on us in a moment.
Haruto: "I'll give you more than you can handle!"
In an instant, the chains binding my Dunamis flew apart, and a jade-green howl roared within me.
With one swing of the ferocious, howling spear—I struck back at the golden rutile raining down and my ears were struck by a sound like the cry of a strange bird.
Touya: "Oho... to erase my magic..."
You could call it erasing. But to my eyes, it looked as though the spear was gleefully devouring the threat before it, drinking the blood of its prey.
That prey dispersed, the spear shrunk as if sighing and disappeared as if sleeping, leaving behind a jade afterimage.
Touya: "So that was the Victor's Dunamis... It was more powerful than I had heard. I see, I see. Befitting of the Victor."
Haruto: "I've never seen someone as self-centered and unsympathetic as you."
Haruto: "...It's a bit of a relief. It means I won't have to think twice about this."
I couldn't see the person known as Rikudou Touya as a human being.
He so clearly needed to be eliminated that I felt almost refreshed. He had harmed an incredible amount of people, and I felt no need to show mercy to him.
Touya: "A Dunamis that consumes Dunamis—and its light affects not only magic, but the very origin of it, the Selector, as well."
Touya: "Now it's finally starting to seem like a trial. This is perfect. I am facing the Victor at this moment."
Rikudou Touya should have been in trouble now, but he praised me happily without a shred of unease.
Touya: "—But Asahi... what about you?"
Asahi: "Huh...?"
Touya: "You accepted your inferiority, your defeat to my magic. That's why you clung to him, and could do nothing but call his name."
Asahi: "No, I—"
Touya: "Originally, I planned for you to be the trial I would overcome."
Touya: "A Dunamis that crosses time and space. The power to use your experience of the past to change the future was one that could have been a threat to me."
Giving a histrionic sigh, Touya's shoulders dropped, his disappointment obvious.
Touya: "In the end, all you accomplished was getting your Dunamis erased by his."
Touya: "Now that you're an empty shell, I question whether you have the right to stand upon this stage."
Asahi: "......I..."
Haruto: "You don't need to listen to his nonsense."
Haruto: "There isn't just one form of strength. That's something that you yourself proved to me."
Haruto: "If not for you, I wouldn't exist now either. I'm sure of that."
Haruto: "No one's perfect. You just have to find someone to make up for what you lack."
Haruto: "I mean, look. Just having you beside me... fills me with so much courage."
I wasn't trying to cheer her up. It was the truth, and what I really felt. If not for Asahi, I would have collapsed long ago.
Touya: "Make a rational argument, why don't you. It all sounds to me like the ramblings of a have-not."
Touya: "...I don't say this in her defense, but I sense something special from Asahi as well. After all, she is my one and only sister."
Touya: "In deference to him, I will allow you time to ascertain. Now choose, Asahi."
Asahi: "Choose... what?"
Touya: "Whether you will renounce the beliefs you hold and swear loyalty to me... or not."
Touya: "If you become mine, I swear to spare the lives of your comrades. And if you so desire it, I may spare several others as well."
Touya: "What do you think? While it isn't the optimal solution for you, it certainly isn't the worst. An interesting compromise, wouldn't you say?"
Haruto: "Asahi, you don't even need to consider his proposal. We can win this."
I watched Asahi give me a small but firm nod and then made to summon my spear once more when—
Touya: "—Then what if I told you I would revive your parents... our mother and father?"
Asahi: "M-Mom and Dad...?"
Missing my chance to launch an attack, I looked back to see confusion plastered over Asahi's face.
Touya: "You fought against your past tragedies, calling them trials, because you couldn't accept their deaths, didn't you?"
Touya: "You want to meet your parents {who died in an accident}, don't you? Such a thing would be a simple task for me now."
Haruto: "Ridiculous... Even if you could do something like that, it would only bring her sadness. That's not a wish that should be granted."
Touya: "Agreed. Resurrecting garbage like them sits ill with me."
The evil emanating from him made me feel sick to my stomach.
Touya: "But you feel differently, don't you, Asahi?"
This man... was truly pure evil.
Touya: "If my sister wishes for it, I could be persuaded to act."
Asahi: "......I..."
His claims were laughable, but Rikudou Touya's words had a strange persuasiveness to them that made you think it just might be possible.
The charisma of evil—that might be why he was able to bring Ruu into his fold as well.
Touya: "Well? Will you stand with me?"
I can't fully share in the depth of the wound Asahi suffered.
No matter how close two people are, they'll never understand everything about each other.
Regardless of whether Rikudou Touya intends to keep his word or not—Asahi can only move forward in the true sense by giving him a clear response.
Haruto: "Asahi..."
I barely managed to squeeze out the name of the girl whose light rivaled that of the sun as she faced the evil that lit up the night.
Haruto: "Asahi..."
Haruto was clearly concerned for me, his gaze endlessly gentle.
"If I could, I'd take your place"—even without putting it into words, I could tell that he was thinking that.
Asahi: (This is between me and Onii-chan... but he's treating it like it's his problem too...)
I felt pathetic.
I was embarrassed that I was causing Haruto undue worry.
But more than that... I was thankful.
Asahi: (I've come this far thanks to Haruto, too.)
I'd always been isolated from the people around me. Before meeting Haruto, there was no one I could let my guard down around.
I was only able to push aside my hopelessness and keep moving forward because I believed I could meet my family again—and because Haruto supported me.
I was on my way to the Land of Dreams in order to meet my mother, my father, and my brother again.
My family.
A utopia, where there was no sadness.
I pushed forward believing that it had to exist.
Asahi: (...Mom, Dad... Of course I want to see you...)
Asahi: (I want to see you... so much... I want to regain the happiness I lost...)
The trials in my diary were a lie to prevent me from being swallowed by my darkest emotions.
I was hoping that by avoiding tragedy, one day those emotions within me would be purified as well.
I could only bear them because of that lie.
By accepting the fabrication I wasn't even aware I'd created, I endured that solitary world.
Asahi: (...But I don't need that fabrication anymore. I don't need anything like that...)
I can't ever see my mother or father again.
No matter how much I long for it, those feelings won't bear fruit.
Haruto watched with bated breath, and I turned my back to him as if in answer.
I'm alright. You don't need to worry. So just watch me, Haruto.
Touya: "Now, let me hear your answer."
Asahi: "What I desire is the power to defeat you."
There isn't just one kind of strength.
Asahi: "If we have the chance to change anything, it's the blank pages of the future."
Even if I did so clumsily, like I was just throwing myself forward, I believed and stood up against all those tragedies—so, I'm strong.
Touya: "The most foolish choices, right up until the end. I suppose you were not suitable for my trial..."
I've cultivated a will to see my goals through—a will that's stronger anyone else's.
Asahi: (Even without my mother...)
I've cultivated a heart that won't buckle under pressure—
Asahi: (Even without my father...)
I pictured the arc that the lines of golden rutile, the magic released by the person who was once my brother, would take.
Asahi: (I have so much warmth beside me...)
I can do anything as long as Haruto, who pulled me out of that dark pit, is beside me.
Touya: "My clever sister... [Sprawl forth, light of purification.]"
I held onto my compressed light as a merciless attack came my way.
Without blinking, I watched as the parting gift my brother had released flew toward me.
A wave of absolute jade pierced that evil light. Haruto had rushed in and blocked the weapon that had been aiming for me. {I'm sure he did}.
I couldn't say what had really happened... because my eyes were focused solely on my target.
{Still, I'm certain of it when I say...}
{No matter how defenseless I am, Haruto will protect me.}
Touya: "You're going about this all wrong. Why don't you aim your blade at me? You can't really be thinking that ill-conceived magic can destroy me?"
Haruto: "Maybe it can. Maybe it can't."
Haruto: "It's just... if I were in her position, I'd do the same thing. That's all."
My absolute concentration created a soundless space.
A place where I could draw out my full power with the utmost efficiency.
Touya: "—That power..."
I focused my imagination into power and pulled it taut with white-hot fingers.
Touya: "Not bad... It's not bad, my sister. What is that power? Where have you been hiding it? What do you intend to do to me with it?"
A mass of pure white gathered, enough that it could very well destroy me too, and formed the greatest blessing I could muster.
Haruto: "Asahi, give him all you got! Don't even worry about what comes next!!"
Touya: "Magic aptitude is not so simple a thing that it can rise or fall with one's emotions... but I should have expected this from my little sister. Is this your true strength, Asahi?"
It's time to end this.
I will bid farewell to these many tragedies.
Compressed needles of light formed an arrow, and drew an arc of purification.
Touya: "So you can do it if you try! Then I shall answer you! I'll teach you who is the more accomplished Caster!!"
—Light clashed against light, generating the brightest illumination in all of human history.
With the impact, a thunderous roar pierced the air, and the surging phosphorescence swallowed up all of creation.
Touya: "It's more than I imagined..."
Slowly... slowly... the light my brother had released was pushed back.
Touya: "You possessed something of this caliber...?"
It's unfortunate, but...
Asahi: "Onii-chan..."
Goodbye. I whispered a farewell to my only brother.
The light of purification cut through my brother without leaving a speck behind.
The light that signified the dawn overcame the light that lit up the night.
Haruto: "......Is it... over...?"
Even after the grand maelstrom of light had dispersed, I couldn't open my eyelids for some time.
I blinked my blinded eyes a few times, trying to get a handle on my surroundings. There was a cloud of dust in the air after the impact, but the scenery hadn't changed all that much.
Except for the fact.. that Rikudou Touya had vanished.
Riku: "I'm glad to see you two are safe."
I spun around when I heard a faraway voice and saw Riku-chan running toward us.
She must have finished with Akeno-san.
She didn't look completely unhurt, but I was glad she was in one piece.
Asahi: "Atorin? Atorin, over here!"
It was a strange sensation.
The battle we'd been in just a few seconds before seemed like it had never happened as a relaxed atmosphere settled over the area.
Haruto: (Guess there's just one last thing to worry about...)
The giant hole that had opened up above us—I looked toward the "island" that floated beyond.
I imagine that's what's spewing out the excess Elements.
Just defeating the mastermind wouldn't end the disaster we found ourselves in, it seemed. We had to eliminate the origin of the situation.
Asahi: "We're safe. You're alright, Atorin?"
Riku: "It was no particular trouble. What on earth happened down—huh?"
Asahi: "{Azure flames}... Haruto, stop kidding around..."
Haruto: "No..."
{It's not me.}
{This definitely isn't me.}
The spontaneous combustion of azure flames formed "arms" and "legs."
Haruto: "...Wait a second, this can't be—"
Touya: "Possible...?"
The flames crawling on the ground gathered as if in possession of a will. They formed a "torso," a "head," and a completed human form.
Asahi: "It can't be..."
Touya: "Let me revise my statement, my sister. You are without a doubt a formidable Caster."
With a puff as if to put out a candle, the remaining flames disappeared—and Rikudou Touya, who had vanished without a trace, was reborn from the azure fire.
He made for an absolutely sinister figure, yet pure white wings like an angel from myth spread open behind him.
Touya: "—But that's all you are. Pathetic lower lifeforms crawling in the dirt can only aspire to that level, no matter how much they struggle."
Riku: "...Well, I can tell you this. I bet I've come at the worst possible time."
Touya: "Mm. I like it. This body suits my noble self."
Rikudou Touya spent a moment looking down on our awestruck faces from the air before starting up again, confidence overflowing from his voice:
Touya: "Heheheh. It's no wonder you're surprised. I am deeply connected to the origin of all Dunameis—the Selector."
Touya: "The Dunamis that was originally granted to me was worthless. The ability to control any 'human-shaped' vessel."
Touya: "My control was limited to certain things. Dolls wearing hoods, for instance, or Inui's and Mikuriya's empty husks..."
Touya: "Or... the Selector, after losing her ego."
I quieted my racing thoughts, scraping together some semblance of calm.
Touya: "And now that I'm connected to the Selector, I can call up any Dunamis the Selector holds."
All of my hairs stood on end upon seeing his eerie smile.
Riku: "Sorry, but I've already gone up against people who can win with nothing but bluffs."
Riku-chan, who hadn't seen the moment Asahi had struck him down, was the first to act.
Riku: "I'll expose your tricks!"
With hardly a glance to spare for Asahi and me, frozen in shock as we were, she called up a storm of raging thunder.
A blinding flash of lightning—once made its target, you had no hope of evading it.
Riku: "Go back to hell, if you would."
The attack made a direct hit on Rikudou Touya, creating a ghastly pattern of electricity on his skin and splitting him in half like a lightning-struck tree.
Touya: "...For your information, I wasn't bothering to defend against that, if only out of consideration for your inability to accept reality."
It only took a second for Riku-chan's expression to change from one of assured victory to one of shock.
Azure flames lit up on the missing half of his body and he brushed them away easily with one hand—with just that, the ruler of heaven was reborn with not a scratch on him.
He was completely reborn, not like Akeno-san, who'd been dragged out of her grave.
Riku: "What the heck... is that thing? I'm not sure I understand what's going on."
Touya: "It's as you can see. I have nothing up my sleeve. This body cannot rot. It will merely return to life, like a phoenix."
He freely controls countless Dunameis—this was proof of his earlier statement.
Touya: "This is the power that I have sought. The power of the gods! That transcends!! Humanity!!!"
Touya: "Kfh, kahahahahahahahaha! IT'S PEEEEEEERRRRRRRFECT!!"
Asahi: "Don't be scared, you two. It's what he wants."
Touya: "Who's that? The formidable Caster?"
There's nothing you've done once that you can't try again.
Asahi concentrated, gathering light to herself once again, and I got into position for Rikudou Touya's next attack as well.
Touya: "[Sink.]"
I'd boasted that I would protect Asahi, but I learned then that I was completely powerless.
Asahi: "Huh—ugh?! Heavy... what is... this...?!"
He flicked his fingers—that was all it took for the ground around Asahi, her legs included, to sink downward.
Asahi fell to her knees like she was shouldering an invisible boulder and cried out in pain.
Asahi: "Ngaaaaaahhh, Harutooo......!"
Touya: "What a vile sound. You know, I've never liked women. Their builds, their intellect... none of it can surpass that of men."
There was a terrible, grinding sound, like Asahi's bones were scraping together.
Haruto: "A-Asahi!"
Sticky sweat appeared on Asahi's brow. As soon as I imagined the burden on her slender legs, I was tossing everything aside and leaping toward her.
Haruto: "Kh, what's going on here? How can I help her?!"
I lost my calm from the rage building up in me and it took me a moment to realize what I could do with my spear.
Touya: "Hm. The blood goes straight to your head, doesn't it? Maybe getting rid of some of it would help you keep your cool."
I spread my palm out to summon my spear when my hand moved against my will.
Haruto: "Wh—m-my arm—something's coming from my arm...!"
Haruto: "—Gaaaaah?!"
From my trembling arms, from my legs, from my whole body—red-hot, sharp objects burst out.
Losing my balance, I tottered on shaky legs. It felt like piranhas were eating me from the inside out, and the loss of blood was making my consciousness fade.
Haruto: (What... is this... What is this...?)
Touya: "You needn't worry. You won't die of shock. How does it feel to be betrayed by the very blood in your veins, though?"
Beads of various sizes hit the ground with little clacks and turned to blood like chocolate melting in heat.
Haruto: "Gh, gah, hahh... hahh... there's no way that's fair..."
He'd hardened the blood circulating in my body and pulled it outside—did he control the iron in my blood or something? How can we beat that?
Touya: "I wouldn't want you giving up the fight. That would be no fun at all. The pain I just put you through is only one of the infinite Dunameis I have at my disposal."
That's... That's just...
Asahi: "Uuuuugh... A-Atorin!!"
Enduring her torture, Asahi cried out a desperate plea as if it was her last hope.
Riku: "You have some nerve to hurt my beloved partners."
The sight of her with that cold, hard smile on her face was the very picture of the Collector that even hardened OutCasts feared.
Riku: "I'm going to unilaterally strip you of your life now."
Riku: "I'll keep it up until you die for good..."
Sensing the unavoidable lightning strikes coming his way, Rikudou Touya shut his white wings around him as if they were a coffin.
Riku: "I don't even want to hear your dying cries, but I'll listen to them again and again, no matter how long it takes—[Scatter, wails of lamentation!]"
I shuddered, a premonition practically freezing my spine.
Haruto: "Riku-chan, don't!"
Touya: "Like I said before, I'm not fond of women. But I have just a bit of interest in the screams of a strong-willed girl like you."
The violent lightning strike should have burned him to a crisp, but his white wings merely crackled with the electricity of her direct hit.
Riku: "...Monster."
Touya: "[Scatter, wails of lamentation.]"
His wings opened solemnly, like the gate to another world, and there was a flash of light.
Sudden luminescence. The air crackled, and his counterattack hit before the eyes could register it—that's what I managed to piece together after the fact.
With a crash and clamor, Riku-chan went flying like a scrap of paper. She rolled with the force of the impact, unable to break her fall, and bounced, finally collapsing like a ragdoll.
Touya: "I see. Nothing but the sound of an inferior lump of flesh."
Can we win...?
Can someone like me win against this inhuman monster...?
Touya: "Terror is, in fact, something you should feel. There are limits to what you can accomplish by using logic to rebel against the survival instincts that trigger during a crisis."
Touya: "I'm very interested in what action you'll take after losing your comrades."
With a snap of his fingers, there was a change in Asahi's situation. The invisible weight seemed to have disappeared, her strained body relaxing as she once again fell to her knees.
Asahi: "Gh... A-Atorin...... nngh..."
Asahi...
Riku: "...Cough...... cough..."
Riku-chan...
Haruto: "......"
The situation was hopeless.
Our enemy's power was limitless. He possessed an amount of secret weapons that easily surpassed whatever I could imagine.
But—if we don't fight, everything we did up until now would be meaningless.
Haruto: (That's enough... This blood... I've had worse...)
Touya: "You stand. It seems one worth testing still remains."
If I don't do this, I know I'll regret it.
Haruto: (I don't want to see the people I love getting hurt.)
The stage I stand on isn't that of a storybook world, where injuries heal with a few kind words.
Haruto: "Fight..."
My instincts from within me spoke to me.
Haruto: "Fight, fight, fight, fight!! If you want to protect someone, then fight!!"
"Fight." The simple song of a warrior, made up of one clear word.
Fight as much as you can.
Fight even after you can't anymore.
Defeat the unjust nightmare known as Rikudou Touya.
Haruto: "Touya!! There's no one I won't fight, as long as I'm alive!!"
With each yell, my blood rushed, every section of my heart started pumping, and my cells sprung into action.
Leaving everything to my overflowing vigor, I trod the ground before me and concentrated strength in my hand, preparing a pitch to overthrow the reigning champion.
Touya: "Fantastic. I knew you were the only one. Let me savor the Dunamis with the power to destroy Dunameis."
Another snap—suddenly, a hurricane wind blew at me, stopping me in my tracks. Each step became heavy, and my visibility plummeted.
Touya: "This is the wind magic Minister Inui excelled at."
The moment the demonic wind ruled by this absolute authority determined its target, I swung my equally-demonic jade spear.
Haruto: "So what!!"
Touya: "You cry in such a delightful voice... Here, this is the flame that protected you through so much strife."
A fireball of azure flame sped toward me, filling my field of view. It was a direct hit. No time to dodge.
Haruto: "Flames...?"
{It doesn't matter. I don't need to dodge.}
Haruto: "Flames that pretentious won't work on me."
My spear wasn't even needed.
The heat was comfortable to me.
I can wave this aside as easily as the air.
I never had the slightest doubt that the azure flames around me would fail to surpass Rikudou Touya's.
Touya: "I suppose you've got me beaten in flames. Ah, but it was just a bit of mischief. I apologize for any offense."
Rikudou Touya smiled. With just that look, the area turned into a silver world, with blades of ice falling like rain.
They stabbed into my shoulders, my arms, my legs, my gut, but I kept moving.
I ran. I dodged. I almost fell, but I kept moving.
I didn't care if I looked bad, or was ridiculed for my unpreparedness. I kept moving.
I had no desire to move forward with grace, while blocking all the attacks aimed at me.
The best I could hope for was a draw—I had to fight!
Haruto: "So I'll fight!!"
I hardened my will with those magic words and pushed forward through a world turning a muddy crimson.
I called up the jade beast in my hand and let it catch the scent of its prey.
I got a running start and kicked off the ground, twisting my body and putting all my weight behind throwing my—
Touya: "[Combust.]"
—spear...?!
A terrible sound rang out not in my ears but directly in my head, cutting off my concentration and causing the spear to vanish right before I could throw it.
Haruto: "Kh... aah... I-I'll fi... ghh... aaaah!!"
My head was bursting like popcorn in the microwave. Pain like needles being shoved under your fingernails isn't something a human being can ignore.
Touya: "One word. With just one word, pain is transmitted to your brain, and you end up like this."
Touya: "Don't misunderstand, now. This isn't your fault. It's that the true form I seek is just too powerful."
I glared up at the sky as I groaned in pain. The ruler of the heavens. The messenger of God flapped his pure-white wings and looked down on the human beings crawling on the earth.
Touya: "You should be proud. You've done well... for a human."
Haruto: "...Aaah... haahh... khah... wh... what, you're not gonna finish me off...?"
I pulled my legs under me and pushed up from my knees.
It was slow, but I was getting myself upright again.
The world looked so warped I thought I might go mad, but I was returning to it just the same.
Haruto: "It looks like... I'm standing... which means, I'm still alive..."
Haruto: "If I'm alive... it means I can fight."
Touya: "...How can you continue to resist? Is your intellect so lacking that you can't understand the vast difference in our strengths?"
Haruto: "I'm too angry to die... after you insulted my friends..."
If I give in, everything I've built up with everyone I've ever known will all crumble at once.
Haruto: "There are things I just can't give up on... so I'll fight. I'll fight as long as I'm able to."
Touya: "......Hm. I'm starting to bore of this."
The air around Rikudou Touya relaxed.
Touya: "The difference in our strengths is clear. I believe I've proven your worthlessness."
Touya: "You have not been chosen the way I have. You don't even have the power to realize your own desires. You persist, though it is meaningless..."
Touya: "Have you misjudged your own worth? Or are you just an idealist who refuses to acknowledge reality?"
Haruto: "I don't think we'd be fighting if we could understand each other through words."
Haruto: "I think you're probably just too dumb."
Touya: "I tire of your retorts as well. No matter, we simply belong in different places. I have no desire to understand how the have-nots think."
Touya: "Of course... I will have you taste retribution for insulting me..."
After giving a twisted sneer, like the very embodiment of ugliness, he clapped his hands as if calling someone.
Before I could even think "what's he doing?" it happened.
Asahi: "?! Wh-What the...?"
Riku: "Gh...... what... is this...?"
I could hear the quiet gasps of the two of them, far from our battle.
I turned around, straining my eyes when I didn't immediately notice what had happened.
Haruto: "......Huh?"
They had strange objects hanging from their necks.
I could make out their particular shapes even from this distance.
A collection of cylinders {was growing from their skin}.
I didn't need to ask to know that the objects would harm them.
Touya: "It's a Dunamis that forms parasitic bombs on a human body."
Touya: "I could make them explode at any time, but there would be no meaning in that. It must be a trial for you and your retribution."
Haruto: "...Goddamn trials. I'm sick of hearing about those. Just do it yourself if you want to!"
Touya: "Be silent and listen. I've set them to go off in exactly 30 seconds."
Touya: "You know how to defuse them, of course. Strike the bombs with your Dunamis, and they will vanish."
Touya: "But will you have time to save both of them? 10 seconds have already passed while we've had this chat."
20 seconds... I have 20 seconds left?
How can I save both of them with the time I have left—
There's a fair distance between the two of them. Do I have time to save one of them and then save the other?
Touya: "They were your partners, weren't they? Partners. Ah, that's good. Makes my heart feel all warm."
Touya: "Which of your {partners} do you truly love?"
Touya: "Will you be crushed by the guilt of only saving one, and be stuck watching both of them turn to chunks of meat?"
The monster who delighted in using people as his playthings bared his fangs in a smile.
Touya: "Kfh, kahahahahahahaha!! This is retribution! A trial! You now have the privilege of making a tragic choice! Show me what you will do!!"
For now—I'll throw aside my anger toward Rikudou Touya.
I'll push aside my emotions and seek the best solution.
I could never only save one.
I could never leave one to die.
This isn't like a plane that can continue flying even if one engine stops.
We three are one. If a bird loses a wing, it will never fly again. This is the same. If I lost either Asahi or Riku-chan...
Haruto: (—Don't think "if I lost," think of the way not to lose either!)
The option of killing Rikudou Touya before the explosions flitted through my mind.
Going up against someone I've already lost to with no plan and a limit of ten seconds or so... That would basically be abandoning them.
Abandoning—how many seconds do I have left? How many have passed...?
Asahi: "Haruto! I'll do something on my own! So save Atorin!"
A transparent, gentle lie. Asahi's voice trembled as she put her partner's life before her own.
Riku: "—If you come to me, I'll resent you for the rest of my life."
Riku-chan's eyes told me she was 100% serious. She felt the same way.
That was why—Because my two partners were both so precious to me, the pressure froze me in place.
Touya: "So they say. If you can't be a man and choose, why not just let fate decide?"
Touya: "Eeny, meeny, miny, moe, catch a partner by the toe."
I couldn't find an answer. Time alone passed as I grew more and more tense.
Asahi: "Haruto...!"
I wanted to save Asahi.
Riku: "Haruto-san...!"
I wanted to save Riku-chan.
What's wrong with wanting to save both of them?
Where am I to turn?
Haruto: (...What's right, and what's wrong......)
I've learned in this past year that there's no such thing as truly good or truly evil.
Life is a series of choices.
No one can choose correctly every time.
Even if you act based on what you think will happen, you're still just guessing.
Touya: "Well? It's time."
Haruto: "Sorry it took me so long. I've made my choice."
I whispered the words to myself and not to anyone else, and they seeped into my dozing spear.
Haruto: "Don't move, okay?"
I don't need proof.
We're just tiny, insignificant human beings—all we can do is believe in ourselves, believe in the ball we've hit, and take off running.
Haruto: "NnnghaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!"
I let out a cry. Sensing my decision, my two Spears of Ruin leapt to attention.
I couldn't tame the incredible power in both of my hands.
If you're going to feed on me, then feed away.
But you're going to work for it.
Haruto: "Did you really think..."
They were like drooling beasts, their eyes glittering fiercely with the finest, freshest fruit before them.
I felt them draining my life force and I was soon so weak I almost fell to my knees.
Haruto: "—I wouldn't save both of theeeeeeeeeeeeem?!!"
I bent back, tensed, stood firm—and...
The jade light in my hands exploded, expanding and filling my view.
If there really is a world after death, maybe I've become a ghost, a being of pure thought.
Senri: "......Ungh..."
No. I'm groaning.
I'm alive.
I've just barely avoided death.
Senri: "........."
I've lost all feeling in my extremities.
It was like I'd been reduced to just a head, and it was an extremely unpleasant sensation.
Senri: (......This time it wasn't just an outline... My puzzle ring was completed...)
However... I was a moment too late.
By prioritizing Noah's rescue from the Selector, I'd ended up with no strength remaining.
Senri: (Guess I... can't move anymore.)
Due to the side effects of the Neocrystallization, the Elements remaining in my body were becoming malignant.
I was so out of options it was becoming bothersome to even continue thinking—no matter how I struggled, in this situation, I doubted I could fulfill my goal.
Senri: (It's always like this...)
Senri: (I can never... reach... My goals always slip through my fingers like water...)
Senri: (That's why... I've always tried again.)
Senri: (No matter how many times I failed, I tried again...)
I was suddenly struck by an emotion I hadn't felt in a long time.
It was frustration.
Intolerable frustration which, when acknowledged, became even more unbearable.
In order to escape this frustration, I would have to change it to resignation.
Senri: (I can't... try again like I always do...)
I've chased this goal while sacrificing everything, and in the end, I couldn't reach it.
Senri: (One step... I was just... one step away...)
One step.
Just that small distance.
A step it looks like I could make, but I never will.
The legs I would need to make that step will no longer respond to me.
I wasn't the one to make that step.
Legs entered my field of view. Legs so slender they almost worried me.
One step, and then another. Legs that looked like they'd break if you squeezed them climbed steadily up the shining staircase.
Noah: "I'll carry you wherever you want to go, Senri."
Why?
Noah: "I'll do it as many times as it takes... for your hands to reach, Senri."
Why...?
Noah: "Even if you give up, Senri, Noah will bring you there."
Why do her delicate legs, taking steps in my place... look so strong to me?
Noah: "I heard it all. Everything."
Unadorned courage called out to me...
Noah: "All of your feelings reached me, Senri."
...on Noah's breath that was like a spring breeze.
Noah: "Noah can only be Noah now because of Senri, so..."
—The light of hope began to flicker in my permafrosted heart.
Senri: "......Ahh..."
It was a tiny light that might disappear with but the smallest wind, but I wasn't worried. It had something around it, protecting it.
Senri: "I see..."
The flame began to warm my whole body.
Senri: "{If I'm with Noah, I'll reach.}"
The warmth spread through me, and feeling returned to my fingertips.
Senri: "I can only be me because of you too, Noah."
Noah: "You should be absitively thankful."
Noah was not the Selector. She was just Noah, a human being.
Senri: "Looks like I don't need to tell you where we're going."
Noah: "I told you. Everything came into me."
Noah: "I can tell somehow what you'll do, and what will happen."
Senri: "And you're not worried?"
Noah: "No sirree. Everything'll be just fine if I'm with Senri."
Senri: "......I see..."
{In spite of all this, Noah can still smile.}
I'll... We'll, reach.
If I'm with Noah, who truly understands me, it feels like anything is possible.
Haruto: "Hahh... hahh... haahh..."
I'd been emptied out, and all I could hear was feeble breathing that sounded close to death.
I understood the situation at the same time that I realized that breathing was my own.
Haruto: "This is... my... answer..."
My partners had put their complete trust in me and stayed stock-still—my spears had stopped just before their necks, impaling and devouring the objects sprouting from them.
They're alive...
Asahi, Riku-chan...
They're both alive...!!
Touya: "Are you telling me you summoned up two of the Victor's Dunamis and controlled them perfectly?"
Touya: "Impossible. This is not the conclusion I had in mind. What is this? I could never make such a mistake."
Haruto: "What's impossible is claiming to know the future..."
Touya: "Impossible, you say? You've not yet learned, I see. Do you need to be beaten again?"
Haruto: "Oh, I'll fight again... and I'll defeat you."
Touya: "...Your lunacy knows no bounds. Had you feared me and begged forgiveness, I may yet have spared you..."
Haruto: "'Always prepare an escape route. People can display unexpected strength when their retreat is cut off'..."
Haruto: "Can I claim to understand that now...?"
Rikudou Touya's displeasure was plain to see after he heard me babbling nonsense.
He appeared to be failing to find a way to respond to something he didn't understand.
Haruto: "Are you {scared}?"
Touya: ".........Huh?"
Haruto: "Well, it's no wonder, if you can't even predict what someone worthless like me is capable of..."
Touya: "Did you. Just. Laugh at me? Me. This perfected body. These angelic wings that adorn me. And you laughed?"
Haruto: "Had you not noticed? Everyone's laughing."
Asahi: "I think you already know... you're questioning if what you're doing is right."
—Asahi, one of my own angel wings, held up my left side.
Riku: "Quite a convenient little 'trial,' wouldn't you say? Are you sure you're not just roping other people into this so that you can prove your own righteousness?"
—Riku-chan, another of my angel wings, held up my right side.
Haruto: "I think you've mistaken isolation for independence."
Just as Rikudou Touya has his own pure white wings, I have wings of light of my own.
Touya: "That's enough... These games are over...!"
An obsidian spot appeared and expanded in the sky.
It was a crystallization of darkness, like the very concept of "demise" given form.
I looked up at the perfect circle, reminiscent of a solar eclipse, and felt viscerally that the two of us had the difference in strength of an ant and an elephant.
Three tiny humans gathering together would probably be destroyed just by grazing that thing.
Touya: "It appears as though we are fundamentally incompatible."
No... It's not just us. With a direct hit, that thing could probably wipe Agartha off the map.
I can tell... Before we even face him, I can tell how fundamentally outclassed we are.
That power far beyond our level—a Dunamis that could control the world.
Touya: "Your bodies would perish, no doubt, but I imagine every single trace of your existence would vanish, leaving not even dust behind."
That embodiment of demise gave off its clear message, one that shook the atmosphere and caused my instincts to scream for me to run.
Asahi: "I'll fight."
And yet, Asahi said this almost gently.
Riku: "I will fight as well."
Riku-chan's face was almost as calm as she readied herself.
Haruto: "...Yeah."
I was surprised at how quietly we mustered our determination.
Haruto: "Whether we're laughing or crying, let's face the end with everything we've got."
{Because we want to love ourselves for living and for fighting on.}
Pair: "Asahi-san!"
"Atorin!"
They launched a coordinated attack on Rikudou Touya, who was, in a way, defenseless.
Lightning and pure white collided and fused—they spun together like a double-headed dragon and accelerated.
Touya: "This is growing tiresome... You've seen plenty of my immortality by now, haven't you?!"
The "demise" expanded as if it fed off of his rage.
Their combined magic ripped through Rikudou Touya, but I was sure his resurrection Dunamis would activate right away.
Haruto: (It doesn't matter...)
He would probably block the spear I threw at him somehow.
Haruto: (I'll just put everything I have into this, and throw it at him...)
Even if he didn't block it, I probably couldn't completely eliminate him.
Touya: "...Hm? What is this... where is my resurrection? What's taking so long? Hurry it up...!"
I took the first step. A small step. I disregarded my bleeding body and made my will as strong as iron. I took the second step.
Touya: "It's late... Was my connection to the Selector incomplete?"
My senses awakened, my soul pulsed.
I sensed the numbing taste of adrenaline.
My whole body felt condensed, concentrated on my soles.
Every component making up my body was focused on sharpening my spear, and for a moment, all sound, all presences around me disappeared.
Haruto: (—I don't care if I miss.)
I focused on one point, Rikudou Touya's face, which seemed a bit strained.
I didn't know what that meant and I didn't need to.
Haruto: (—I don't care if it doesn't reach.)
What I have to do won't be influenced by the situation.
Haruto: (I'll just use all my strength, so that I have no more regrets—and throw!)
I want to face forward, so that I can be myself.
I bent myself back as far as I could, planted my feet, gripped the demonic spear that was all my worth solidified... and let it fly.
I quietly prayed for the destruction of that embodiment of demise as the jade comet was sucked up into the sky.
...The world was fuzzy.
I blew out the oxygen remaining in my lungs in a long sigh and sucked in more.
Yes. I've done everything I could.
No matter what I am, clone or otherwise, I remained true to myself until the end.
Haruto: "......Do as you like now... Touya..."
I suddenly noticed something touching my cheek.
They fluttered down. Bits of pure white, swaying on the breeze like leaves.
When it touched my cheek, the single pure white feather became a pale light and vanished.
Haruto: "......Touya...?"
No matter where I turned my hazy vision, I saw no sign of the darkness that brought to mind the very concept of death.
I was lying on my back.
Looking high into the sky.
But the one thing I couldn't see was the angel of ruin.
Haruto: ".........Ah..."
As I thought back to the sensation of the white feather on my fingers, the reality of the situation dawned on me.
Riku: "Should I explain what happened?"
I shook my head. I didn't need her to. There was a voice beside me that seemed to gently caress my heart, and that was all I needed to know how things had ended.
Asahi: "Haruto... You won. You won, Haruto! You won!"
Haruto: "Asahi... I get it... you're too excited..."
I'd lost a lot of blood, and couldn't move very well from the strain of using my Dunamis too much.
I finally stood up with help from the two of them, and then I saw the angel, with his wings ripped from him, crushed under the rubble.
Haruto: (We really did beat him...)
This outcome wasn't because my Dunamis was stronger than his, or any simple reason like that.
If he had felt like it, I'm sure Rikudou Touya could have taken our lives at any moment.
Riku: "...Doesn't look like we'll have time to rest. Honestly, what a day."
Asahi: "We should probably get outside for now. Don't drop Haruto, okay, Atorin?"
Riku: "The same goes for you. If you're going to collapse, wait until we've escaped, please."
The destruction had begun. Our fierce battle had caused the already unstable structure to begin to crumble.
Asahi: "We'll have to stop the Elements later. We won't make it if we don't hurry."
We were hurrying to escape, but turned around when we suddenly felt something behind us.
Riku: "He—"
Barely alive, Rikudou Touya had scrambled out from under the rubble and was hauling his broken body somewhere like an earthworm.
He crawled not toward us and the exit, but farther in, moving slower than an ox.
Asahi: "........."
What is Rikudou Touya moving toward?
Is he after a place to die alone, where no one will bother him?
Is he trying to distance himself from us, so that we won't find him?
Riku: "Close your eyes, you two. I'll take care of the dirty work."
Riku-chan was trying to shoulder the burden of dealing him the final blow, but I unconsciously grabbed her arm.
Haruto: "I haven't forgotten all the things he's done."
Haruto: "And I know what he put you two through."
I couldn't easily put the emotion I was feeling into words.
But since we'd fought so desperately to live... for just this moment... I sympathized with Rikudou Touya crawling toward his goal.
Haruto: "But... since he's still alive, I don't think it's right to kill him."
Now that he's lost his immortality, he'll never fly with those wings again.
Now that he's returned to being human... we couldn't so easily pluck his life from him, I thought.
Asahi: "......Haruto..."
Riku: "...Because he's human?"
I couldn't answer.
Riku-chan didn't ask again. She just lowered the arm that was pointing his way and supported me with it instead.
Haruto: "...Thanks, Riku-chan."
Riku: "We're running out of time. If we don't get out of here soon, we'll be buried alive."
The collapse was worsening, urging us on.
Asahi: "...Goodbye, Onii-chan......"
Supporting each other, walking in step with my partners...
we finally ended our desperate battle.
====================J021.TXT====================
Touya: "It's not over yet..."
After Haruto's group had escaped, Touya pulled himself out of the rubble, a black flame burning in his eyes.
Touya: "My trial... continues..."
He was a being made of Elements—having given up his humanity, Touya was now a horrid sight.
Touya: "I alone am qualified to be the Victor of the Holy War... {I} am the sole supreme being..."
His body was like one that had been in multiple car wrecks, but he moved the parts that would just barely move and kept his dark flame alive with the fuel of his words.
Touya's lack of doubt at his status of "supreme being" was the only thing supporting him.
Touya: "That accursed Mutsumi Haruto... To think a mere mass-produced clone could fell me with nothing but his {good luck}..."
Touya: "I knew he was a third-rate failure, though. {If he had checked whether I was alive or dead}, he could have finished me off, I'm sure..."
Touya was crawling toward a glass bottle containing the product of his madness.
He had kept a Neocrystallization of the highest purity hidden away in his pocket as insurance. He'd dropped it due to the impact, but the fact that it hadn't broken was a silver lining.
Touya: "Kh... I can barely move... I have to pick it up, absorb its Elements, and reestablish my connection to the Selector..."
Touya's defeat was clear.
His connection to the Selector had been severed by Senri's conviction in his bond with Noah, meaning that it was something of an inevitability of fate.
Touya: "Just wait, Mutsumi Haruto... I will return this trial you've tasked me with just as it is..."
A shadow fell over Touya's face as he plotted to recover using the Neocrystallization.
???/Ruu: "—sama."
Realizing it was someone's figure, he squinted up at them.
Ruu: "Touya-sama...! Aha, ahaha! I found you! I found you with the power of my love♪"
Luck was on his side now. Touya reaffirmed to himself that he was indeed a being beyond the ken of mankind.
Touya: "There's a Neocrystallization at your feet. Would you bring it to me?"
Hearing his order, Ruu eyed the bottle.
After a pause—she disobeyed his order and kicked the bottle away.
Touya: "What are you doing?!"
Touya doubted his eyes for a moment, reaching out to the Neocrystallization as it rolled away.
Her voice froze his hand, and she took it lovingly and pressed it to her cheek.
Ruu: "You don't need to worry...♪ You don't need to fight anyone anymore. The {mean people} have all gone away somewhere."
Ruu: "Aha! Ahahahahaha! Ruu wins! Ruu wiiiiins♪"
Touya had always thought of Ruu as a little unhinged.
He had been planning to use her as much as he could and command her to die once he'd risen to his position of absolute power.
Touya: (No matter... I have no use for those who won't follow my orders. I'll get rid of her after I've used the Neocrystallization.)
Ruu: "What are you saying...? Your {heart is telling me} that you love me, Touya-sama."
This is where Touya first started to sense danger. Cold sweat began pouring out of him, his spine frozen.
Ruu: "It's alright. Ruu will bring you somewhere where we won't have to worry about anyone watching us."
She gave him a brilliant smile that clearly signified she'd obtained a woman's happiness. In this moment, Ruu was doubtless experiencing the peak of her entire life.
Touya: "Your brain... is entirely..."
???/Fiona: "Even if she's completely broken... is that a reason to reject her?"
Touya: "Wh-Who's there...?!"
Touya jumped at the voice coming from his blind spot. The differences between one who had trained to hide her presence and one who hadn't were clear.
Ruu: "Thanks for bringing Ruu here, Miss Sister. We'll be happy together, I just know it♪"
Fiona: "No thanks needed. {Saving the lost is the job of the church, after all}."
The sister was covered in scrapes and bruises like she'd been ganged up on and beaten, but she smiled serenely without showing any sign of pain.
Fiona: "Her mind was gone by the time I found her."
Ruu: "Ah...♪ Miss lady... eheheh...♪"
The sight of her stroking Ruu's hair like the holy mother herself made the emotion of "terror" sleeping inside Touya bloom into "despair."
Fiona: "Which makes her one of the ill—someone I should be saving, in other words."
Fiona: "{This girl, at least}."
Touya felt an emotion he'd never tasted before—one he'd never planned on tasting. As the woman gave him a beautiful, cruel smile, his legs crumbled beneath him and he felt like he was toppling into a deep abyss.
Touya was barely hanging on to his mind, but cracks were starting to form in it. He felt an indescribable despair upon seeing a red-faced Ruu smiling and nodding at the sister.
Ruu: "Can you do it just like I asked, Miss Sister?"
Fiona: "Do you swear to have and to hold each other, from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, until death do you part?"
Marriage vows—a holy ceremony, a promise of lifelong love and loyalty.
Fiona: "Do you swear?"
Kousaki Fiona Annabel is capable of all this—just how many people in the world understood that phrase to its full extent?
Touya: "I-I..."
Kousaki Fiona Annabel is capable of all this.
Touya: "I'd never—"
Ruu: "Yes! Ruu swears it all. Ruu will swear it for Touya-sama, too♪"
The two were not in agreement. One was experiencing extreme bliss, and the other's face was twisted in humiliation and despair.
Fiona: "You may now kiss the groom."
Touya: "Kiss—anything but a kiss! No!! Are you listening to me?!!"
A kiss—{Ruu's kiss} would activate her Dunamis. Knowing this, Touya screamed, unconcerned with appearances.
Ruu: "{If she has you, Ruu doesn't need anything else}."
Was the delicate pledge and kiss a sign of evil destroyed, or of pure love fulfilled?
The scene could either have been heaven or hell. Rather than watch it, Fiona chose to close her eyes.
Fiona: "...May God's blessings be upon you."
She gave two strong claps so that her chest wouldn't burst with the emotion flooding into it.
The sinful sister Kousaki Fiona Annabel's journey of atonement came to an end like this.
If you keep moving, you'll come to an end eventually.
And the end of our journey was finally in front of our eyes.
Noah: "We're here."
Senri: "Looks like it..."
There was just one more step of the shining piano key-like steps to climb.
Making it to the landing, I got down from Noah's back.
I had practically no feeling in my feet, but strangely, I wasn't at all worried that I'd fall.
Noah's presence reassured me.
Senri: "I've never been so tired in all my life..."
The beginning of the conspiracy, and the origin of magic. The Victor had become one with the great tree, and it wasn't clear where his body ended and the tree began.
Senri: "How many years has it been...?"
I was more indifferent than I expected to be upon reaching the goal I'd pursued all this time.
Senri: "I have no memory of you being kind or strict to me, but... this is nostalgic, I suppose."
Still spewing Elements as if exhaling them with his breath was the Victor of the Holy War—Amabuki Senri himself.
Senri: "I became a toy of the government just for being your son and wasted half of my life as a research subject."
Senri: "My mother, who wasn't a Dynamo, {died in an accident} escaping the research facility."
Senri: "I doubt you know anything about that, though."
He was pulsing faintly as if obtaining nourishment from the tree. I knew this, but my father really was still alive, in some way.
But he wasn't conscious.
All I was doing was making a report in front of his grave. It served no purpose other than my own self-satisfaction.
Senri: "I thought if I used your name, the people involved in the conspiracy would come to me... but it didn't turn out that way."
Senri: "It's stuck as my alias, though. I'm thinking I might even keep it for the rest of my life."
No one's called me by my real name in over ten years. It probably wouldn't feel right if they started doing it now.
Senri: "I made them pay... the people who misused my father... my property... for their own gains."
Senri: "I really wonder what the world you were wishing for looked like."
I gave him a small smile and Noah suddenly moved.
Noah: "Leave it to Noah."
She put her hand to the great tree and narrowed her eyes as if feeling for something.
Noah: "The link between Noah and the only Victor isn't completely severed yet."
Sound expanded like ripples through Noah. It sounded like the voice of my father in my memories.
Even knowing we could converse now, I was strangely unmoved, and not nervous at all. It felt like nothing more than the continuation of my graveside report.
Senri: "Unfortunately, things aren't that simple. Too much power ruins people. That's just how they are."
Senri: "No... it isn't."
Senri: "People forget quickly. They change. They desire. I don't think there's a way for everything to end peacefully, short of total annihilation."
勝利者: "So my wish ended as nothing but that."
Senri: "...But misfortune isn't the only thing born of conflict."
Senri: "A contest with an enemy means quick development of skills and technology. If not for war, we wouldn't have modern society."
Senri: "Essence...? Don't try to sound all self-important."
Senri: "There's nothing special about you. You're just another human being born into this world. You're just like everyone else."
Senri: "You just happened to be given a strong Dunamis by the Selector and were lucky enough to win the Holy War."
Senri: "That's just what you want to think."
Senri: "Whether you have power or not, you're allowed to do nothing but hope for the happiness of those within your reach."
Senri: "Were you embarrassed to turn your back on the world and become a normal father who puts the happiness of his family before everything else?"
Senri: "You were twisted from the beginning. By magic and Dunameis. By the fact that you'd been given power."
Senri: "That's why you felt like you'd become a god—you expanded your viewpoint and wished for a pipe dream like world peace."
My mother was killed and my life was screwed up by the people caught up in the appearance of magic, not by the Victor.
But you could say that the origin of all that was the Victor's wish.
Senri: "...That was the plan from the beginning, {Senri}."
Tsumugu—the name no one called me by anymore.
When he'd said all he had to say, the vines around the Victor started wriggling right on cue. A crimson orb leapt out in front of me.
Noah: "The source of the Victor's Dunamis... what Noah once bestowed on him."
The organ that formed the core of the device filling the world with Elements.
The scarlet light that had been protected by the solid tree throbbed like wet viscera.
Senri: "......"
A fragile, fleeting dream.
The light that had granted the dream of magic to the world, filled to the brim with the hopes of the Victor.
If the source was destroyed, this abnormal world would be purified.
Senri: "What will happen to you, Noah?"
I had an idea of what she'd say even as I asked.
Noah: "Noah's supposed to exist inside the Victor. It's not normal that she has a human form like this."
Noah: "It's an absitive mystery what will happen to Noah when the Victor's gone."
Noah: "It might be... goodbye."
There's no guarantee that she'll be able to maintain her current form after the Victor is destroyed.
Senri: "My answer, eh?"
She could return to the abstract existence of the Selector, or completely disappear—this was a grave choice I was making.
Senri: "...You decide, Noah."
I rejected that fateful choice and pushed all of the responsibility onto Noah in my cowardice. I did it knowing the answer she'd likely give me.
Noah: "{You decide, Senri}."
She didn't miss a beat.
Noah: "Noah decided that she wants Senri to decide. She gave you her answer."
Noah had made the decision to leave the deciding to me.
She wasn't abdicating the choice.
Her complete faith in my decision-making wasn't the same as forcing the choice on me.
Senri: "You don't think I'll make the wrong choice?"
Noah gave a little shake of her head. That spring breeze smile of hers always threw me off.
Noah: "If you're making the decision, I'm not scared about what will happen after."
Will I find out one day if I'm still living?
The correct answer.
The wrong answer.
Will I be able to decide in an instant, without debating the options?
Senri: (No... there's no way to choose between what's right and what's wrong.)
Everything depends on personal circumstances. Protecting the global environment, the Earth, all really comes down to self-preservation—it's all so that we humans survive.
The answer varies wildly depending on who you ask, and may change with their circumstances.
Still, a time comes when you must choose.
There's something you have to focus on at that point—and that was something the Victor didn't have.
Senri: "When you come to a choice with no right answer—just put your hand to your chest and listen."
In order to live proudly, no matter how people look at you.
Senri: "{You just have to be honest to yourself}."
Senri: "What's red, what's green, what's blue, what's right, what's left—"
Noah: "—What's up, what's down, what's black, what's white, what's yellow, no one can tell you that. They can't decide it. They can't decree it."
====================J023.TXT====================
Fiona: "Ah, are you here for the service? I'm sorry, today—"
Fiona: "Oh, that's not it? Did you just want to see me, then?"
Fiona: "Hm? Oh, just cleaning. It's a fundamental part of clergywork, and we're having a lovefeast today besides. I've got to make sure everything's sparkling."
Fiona: "No, you don't need to help. Leave the church to Mother Fiona♪"
Fiona: "Oh, alright, can I ask you to do one thing, then? Can you go around and make sure the invitees haven't forgotten about today?"
Fiona: "I'd wanted to ask Mikihisa-san to do so, but..."
Fiona: "You know, he's oversees volunteering with the former vigilantes... Heheh, I think it's wonderful too."
Fiona: "Yes, I appreciate it."
Yuuji: "You dumbass! How many times am I gonna have to tell you before you understand?!"
Haruto: "I'm sorry, but I couldn't just overlook bullying!"
Yuuji: "Still, put yourself in the shoes of the person who has to get called in every time you cause a problem!"
Akatsuki: "If you'll accept a short defense, it was the other party who flew into a rage and attacked when we gave them a warning..."
Satoru: "Well, they didn't mean anything bad by it, Mr. Mutsumi. What say we let it go this one time?"
Yuuji: "...I'm sorry that my son roped yours into this."
Yuuji: "Listen up, you two. It's been three months since magic disappeared from the world."
Yuuji: "So quit risking your necks and start studying, already! You've gotta make up some of that lost time, you hear me?"
Haruto: "W-We're studying. It's just that with the gap, it's hard to get back into it..."
Akatsuki: "You say that like you were good at it before."
Haruto: "Hm? Yes? Need something with us?"
Akatsuki: "He changed the subject."
Haruto: "Dinner? Yeah, we remember. We'll head over to the church after our interviews are over."
Haruto: "Asahi and Riku-chan should be shopping at the mall. Classes are over, so..."
Yuuji: "Hey, Haruto! We're not done talking yet! Get back here!"
Haruto: "Eek...!"
Riku: "Asahi-san, don't go near the construction. It's dangerous."
Asahi: "That's impossible. There's construction everywhere."
Riku: "Of course there is. Now that there are no Elements anymore, all Magitronics are useless."
Riku: "Magi were used in practically every part of Agartha's infrastructure, so now they have to switch out those parts as fast as possible."
Riku: "Though all the reconstruction is probably the only reason Agartha's still got some life left in it, after everything that happened."
Riku: "Oh, you're...? What do you need?"
Asahi: "Dinner? Of course we remember. Atorin and I will be right over after we're done shopping."
Riku: "We're here to buy clothes, right? What are you looking for?"
Asahi: "Hmm, something cute. And I want you and me to match♪"
Riku: "Uh, I didn't hear anything about this."
Asahi: "You don't want to...?"
Riku: "...I'll do whatever you want, just please don't look at me like that."
Asahi: "Heheh, let's hurry up, then♪ I want it to be frilly and cute♪"
Riku: "......"
Ageha: "...So he was all persistent, like, 'it's pretty fun even if you don't pay' and you know what I said?"
Senri: "...Nope."
Ageha: "I said, 'I'm only in it to pay-to-win'! And I kicked him in the nuts and punched him in like the collarbone. Don't mess with a premium player!"
Senri: "Can't say the story left an impression."
Ageha: "Anyway, getting to the point, some cheap day-labor thing just isn't you, Sen-chan. Why won't you just be my bodyguard already?"
Senri: "And what is it you're running? A hookup service for girls and greasy old men? I won't be a part of any criminal activities."
Ageha: "So cold, Sen-chan! You mean I'll deserve it if the scary people drag me off to a reeducation camp?"
Senri: "Speak of the devil, Ageha. Turn around."
Ageha: "I've committed no crimes I've committed no crimes!! Please, at least no handcuffs—"
Ageha: "Wait, ahaaa#♪ What a little cutie#! What grade are you in? Do you get enough allowance? I've got a fun job for you if you're interested#?"
Senri: "Don't fall for it. This is one part-time job you'll never be able to quit."
Ageha: "I was just joking, honest. If you're here about the org... cough! Cough, cough! Excuse me. The dinner party, then we're heading over right now."
Senri: "Don't hold my arm. Let's get going."
Ageha: "Aww, Sen-chan, wait#♪"
Fiona: "Thank you for coming when you're all so busy. I didn't think we'd actually get everyone here together."
Ageha: "What kind of -some could we have here... Onesome, twosome, threesome, foursome..."
Ageha: "Fivesome... eheheh... sixsome... good, good... sevensome, eight... aren't we missing someone?"
Senri: "It seems the one who came to collect us is missing."
Fiona: "Oh, that's right. I needed someone to go buy alcohol and such."
Asahi: "Alcohol clouds judgment. There's nothing good about that."
Ageha: "Also, like, this is a church, right? Wait, like, is that kosher?"
Fiona: "Oh, she's back. Can someone go open the door for her?"
Haruto: "Ah, I'll get it."
Hina: "I'm sorry# I'm a little late#"
Haruto: "You okay? Those are heavy, aren't they? I would have gone if you'd asked."
Hina: "I'm fine# Thanks, Onii-chan#"
Akatsuki: "Still a sister enthusiast, huh."
Haruto: "I don't think it's particularly strange to be concerned for your sister..."
Ageha: "Brother and sister, eh... Could work, could work."
Senri: "I'm just going to say this conversation left no impression on me."
Haruto: "Huh...?"
Fiona: "Alright, alright, let's leave teasing the nice brother at that and have a toast already."
Ageha: "Booze! Drugs! Booze! Drugs!"
Fiona: "Everyone got a cup? Are we all ready?"
Yuuji: "One second."
Haruto: "What is it, Dad?"
Yuuji: "Amabuki, what happened to that girl who was always with you? She was involved in this too, wasn't she?"
Senri: "Noah?"
Fiona: "Because Senri was a coward... She ended up......"
Yuuji: "...I'm sorry, that was insensitive. Forgive me."
Haruto: "Why'd everyone go all quiet? What's going on? Noah-chan's not coming?"
Akatsuki: "There's nothing wrong with being simple, but you should really get with the program at times like these, man."
Haruto: "What program? What do you mean?"
Akatsuki: "A lot of lives were lost that day on Agartha. Everyone here was really lucky."
Yuuji: "We have to live enough for the people who died. It's our responsibility as the ones left behind."
Haruto: "I understand what you're saying, but what does it have to do with Noah-chan?"
Yuuji: "You still don't get it? She passed away that day. Don't make me say any more than that."
Haruto: "Huh...?"
Yuuji: "......"
Akatsuki: "......"
Senri: "...Don't you think we should wrap it up about now?"
Ageha: "Aw, it's funny. What's the harm?"
Haruto: "Umm... I just saw Noah-chan in town yesterday..."
Pair: "......"
"......"
Pair: "Huh?"
"Huh?"
???/Noah: "Upsy daisy. It's Noah. It was so sunny I was feelin' the spring."
Haruto: "Oh, there she is."
Noah: "Senri, Senri, everybody here? Half here? Is the nutrient absorption starting?"
Senri: "Sleep for another half a day. I'll make sure I eat your share too."
Noah: "Senri's absitively nasty. A meanie who was gonna start without Noah."
Fiona: "We don't have any food for someone who was lying around sleeping instead of helping out."
Noah: "Oh yeaaah?"
Riku: "Well, we've got some fun and games to go with the drinking, I suppose."
Asahi: "Were we supposed to bring games?"
Riku: "I'd say two of us have probably been played with enough."
Haruto: "Wait, what's wrong, Dad? Akatsuki? Are you guys mad about something?"
Yuuji: "...Shut up. Tell me that sooner, stupid."
Akatsuki: "I guess I can't blame you if you're trying to get back at me for what I usually do..."
Haruto: "Huh???"
Fiona: "Okay, for real this time, cheers!"
Haruto: "......"
Senri: "If you're looking for the bathroom, it's to the right down that hall."
Haruto: "No, that's not it."
Senri: "If you've got something to say, don't fidget like a woman. Just come over here and say it."
Haruto: "Ah, yeah... th-then..."
Haruto: "......"
Senri: "What is it?"
Haruto: "I was just thinking it's kind of strange... Talking with the son of my original..."
Senri: "Forget about our sordid past. It'll just get you down, won't it?"
Haruto: "...I guess you're right. Thanks."
Senri: "It'd odd to thank someone who hasn't even done anything."
Haruto: "Oh, then I'll get you some of the food I made! I'm pretty confident it'll taste great!"
Senri: "...I thought there was something strange here. So you made it?"
Haruto: "Please have some! I'm sure it's good!"
Senri: "I promise I will if you stop spluttering about it."
Haruto: "Wait, what are you doing?"
Senri: "That's my line, Haruto. I'm trying to do what you asked, so why are you grabbing my arm?"
Haruto: "Because you're about to eat it without writing a name on it! It isn't omelet rice until you write your name on it with ketchup."
Senri: "So what is it when there's no name on it?"
Haruto: "Nameless rice. Okay, I'll write it for you."
Haruto: "Oh, do you want a bunch of little hearts or a big one around your name?"
Senri: "...Whatever you prefer."
Noah: "Flower."
Asahi: "R... Root."
Noah: "Tulip."
Asahi: "P?! P#... P#!"
Riku: "If you have to go to the bathroom, you don't need to let us know."
Noah: "I can't believe you don't know spring shiritori. It's spring-y shiritori, dammit!"
Asahi: "P#!"
Noah: "Betcha Noah'll win. Won't even have time to feel the spring. I wanted more."
Asahi: "P#..."
Riku: "Don't tease Asahi-san too hard. She's about to become a creature who can only express her emotions by saying the letter 'P.'"
Asahi: "P?! No, wait! I thought of one! A spring-y thing that starts with P!"
Noah: "Bring it on, big guy."
Asahi: "Pretty sakura petals floating on the breeze!"
Riku: "Uhh... does that work for shiritori?"
Noah: "Spring-y... hmm... spring-y... I suppose... it's 60% spring."
Riku: "It does."
Noah: "Noah's turn. 'E' is high difficulty. I commend you for that, girlie."
Asahi: "If you don't give up, you can overcome any difficulty. That's what we did to seize our future."
Noah: "Elegant sakura petals floating on the breeze."
Asahi: "E?! E, E, E... E?!"
Asahi: "Wh-What do I do, Atorin...?!"
Riku: "What happened to not giving up?"
Asahi: "But#..."
Riku: "Oh well. I'll just have to take over for you, Asahi-san."
Noah: "Bring it on. Toss Asahi aside and come at me!"
Riku: "Everyone you suddenly stop seeing."
Noah: "A high-level move, flipping the season of meetings around. Strangely negative. The taste of youth."
Riku: "You're just imagining it. And it's your turn."
Noah: "Grass."
Riku: "Storms."
Noah: "This is getting fun."
Riku: "Why not just admit your loss? I have plenty of spring-y things left in my arsenal."
Noah: "Snowdrop."
Riku: "Pollen."
Asahi: "Ah..."
Riku: "What is it?"
Noah: "Someone's got spring in the brain."
Riku: "......"
Riku: "Ah."
Ageha: "Oh, come on, just drink! Ptoo! Ptoo! See, I spit in all the juice, so there's nothing but booze left."
Akatsuki: "Uh... I'm a student, you know... Whoa! You stink of liquor!"
Ageha: "Hunh? Who stinks? I smell good! Come on, see?"
Akatsuki: "Hina-chan's here too, you know. Could you not strip?!"
Hina: "Wow, your boobs are so big#... Hey, Ageha-san, what do you do to get them that big#?"
Ageha: "Boobs'll get bigger if a guy gropes 'em. Why don't you do it, sonny?"
Akatsuki: "This is the worst kind of sexual harassment!! Who the hell invited this lady?!"
Hina: "Hmm#, maybe I'll ask my brother, then#"
Akatsuki: "Hina-chan, that's a line you can't cross, you hear me?! Haruto might actually do it!"
Hina: "Heheh, I'm just kidding#♪ You have a dirty mind, Akatsuki-san#♪"
Akatsuki: "H-Huh...? Hina-chan...?"
Ageha: "Of course it's a frickin' joke... What are you, a virgin?"
Akatsuki: "I just got burned because of you!"
Fiona: "This is wonderful. A once-in-a-lifetime meeting. I'm glad everyone's enjoying it."
Yuuji: "Yeah, I'm surprised everyone bounced back from a disaster like that. Guess kids these days are tough."
Yuuji: "Let me thank you. It sounds like you're taking good care of Hina."
Fiona: "I've been doing no such thing. She's such a good girl... I want to thank her for coming by the church so often. All our visitors are happy to see her too."
Fiona: "...Do you mind if I ask you a bit of a personal question, though?"
Yuuji: "What is it?"
Fiona: "Why did you take her in?"
Yuuji: "She's a clone Mikuriya Akeno created that we discovered in an Atori research lab."
Yuuji: "The government was going to dispose of her when they found out, to cover it up."
Yuuji: "I just didn't like how they'd let her be created while it was convenient for them but then get rid of her without batting an eye when she wasn't useful anymore."
Fiona: "It sounds like you got into it with them."
Yuuji: "It was easier than interviewing a suspect, actually. I promised not to disclose any details about the events and they acquiesced just like that."
Yuuji: "Mostly it was that my stubborn son wouldn't budge an inch, though. I don't think we'll get in any trouble for pushing it a little."
Fiona: "You're more of a doting parent than I'd thought. I like people like that, though."
Yuuji: "It sounds like your church's reputation is climbing every day. You'll be a great sister any day now at this rate."
Fiona: "Oh, no, I've got nothing on your son. There aren't too many people who can forgive the person that killed them."
Yuuji: "Haha, guess that's true. Most dead people don't talk!"
Haruto: "Achoo!"
Riku: "Catch a cold...?"
Haruto: "No, my nose just got really itchy..."
Asahi: "Here, a tissue. Blow."
Haruto: "Fnnh!"
Asahi: "Heheh, there, got it."
Senri: "......"
Riku: "I'm sorry. I understand how you feel, but please just watch over them warmly."
Senri: "Sounds like you've got a rough life."
Riku: "It's just what they're like. I gave up on them long ago."
Noah: "Senri, Senri... what's this?"
Haruto: "Oh, that's my bat."
Noah: "Bat? What's a bat?"
Haruto: "It's for playing baseball. We were all getting together, so I thought maybe I should bring it along."
Senri: "Baseball, eh... Used to be quite a popular sport. It faded away with the advent of magic, but in the old days, people could make millions playing it."
Noah: "Old news. Anything with nothing to do with spring is old news."
Senri: "I think pro games started in the spring."
Noah: "C'mon, c'mon! Let's do baseyball! Let's do it!"
Asahi: "Well, you're always playing catch. If you like the game, I want to play it too! Right, Atorin♪"
Riku: "I know when struggling is futile. Whatever you want to do, I'll do."
Ageha: "Pay-to-win? If we're paying-to-win, I'd appreciate it if you went through me first."
Haruto: "We were thinking we'd get some post-meal exercise. Want to join us, Ageha-san?"
Ageha: "Yeah, let's do it! I'll do it with Sen-chan!"
Akatsuki: "Will you please stop talking."
Senri: "Just taking in nutrients doesn't do you any good. You need some exercise to break down those nutrients in your blood."
Fiona: "...Wait, Senri, are you talking to me? I'll show you that weight training is all you can beat me in."
Haruto: "You'll play too, right, Dad?"
Yuuji: "Sure, but... where do you want to play? If we just go behind the church, we'll break somebody's windows."
Noah: "Let 'em complain! The church accepts all."
Fiona: "Say, Senri, this bat would do a good job, don't you think? Of splattering someone's grey matter."
Noah: "I would like to cancel my previous statement. Causing trouble for the church is bad."
Haruto: "I know a good spot. It's a bit of a walk, though."
Senri: "Some distance is a good idea if you think of it as a warmup."
Noah: "Absitively time to go! Regards!"
Ageha: "Hey hey, the free batter's scared! Pitch it right down the middle!"
Senri: "I want to hear it from you, Yuuji. Do I look scared of anything?"
Yuuji: "You're in perfect form. Don't worry about it. And how long are you gonna call me that, anyway?"
Riku: "Hey hey, the pitcher's scared too."
Haruto: "I-I'm on your side, you know..."
Asahi: "Your magic pitch! Believe in your special magic pitch!"
Fiona: "I could hit it! It's nothing to worry about!"
Akatsuki: "We're back here, so as long as he doesn't hit a home run, it'll be fine!"
Haruto: "Ooh#, I'll have to get serious, then...! Here I go, Dad!"
Senri: "Good. I don't want to hear you say that you were holding back."
Hina: "You can do it, Onii-chan#"
Noah: "Believe in your spring, Haruto! You can do it, Senri!"
Haruto: "Gotta remember Dad's harsh training!"
Yuuji: "Did we do that?"
Senri: "...You're fast."
Asahi: "Nice pitch♪"
Yuuji: "Low and away, a good pitch."
Akatsuki: "Strike one. Keep it up!"
Senri: "Three strikes, and I lose. Those are the rules, right?"
Yuuji: "Yep."
Senri: "So what do I do if I want to humiliate your son, Yuuji?"
Yuuji: "Try and hit a home run. You just have to get it over the fence."
Senri: "That's simple enough. I see how he throws it now... I'll hit the next one, then."
Haruto: "Pitch two, comin' up!"
Senri: "?!"
Ageha: "HEEEEEEeeeeeeey!!"
Yuuji: "Strike! One chance left, now."
Senri: "What was that technique...? The trajectory changed...?"
Haruto: "That was a splitter. You hold the ball between your fingers and it sinks."
Asahi: "Wow, Haruto! You really can throw magic pitches!"
Senri: "......Huh..."
Riku: "One more pitch, one more pitch."
Haruto: "Here I go! This is the last pitch!"
Senri: "Wait, let me wipe my hands off."
I took my hands off the bat and rubbed them on my pants, then gripped it again.
Senri: (He's better than I thought...)
I'd thought this wouldn't leave any impression on me, but I hadn't anticipated Haruto's skill.
I don't know much about baseball, but I know that a batter with two strikes is at a big disadvantage.
I was basically an amateur, but could I hit a home run with my physical abilities alone? I'd have to bet on the pitch.
A straight. A splitter. Which is it—?
Senri: (......Which is it? To hit a home run...)
Suddenly I realized what was happening in my mind and was speechless.
I was thinking of nothing except how to hit a home run.
Hina: "You can do it, Onii-chan♪"
Ageha: "Hit it outta the park, Sen-chan♪"
Akatsuki: "Just gotta focus!"
Riku: "Bring it on."
Asahi: "Believe in yourself!"
Fiona: "You got this, Senri!"
Noah: "Come on, Senri!"
—No, it's not just me.
Everyone here is focused solely on this moment.
They're engrossed in the game and giving no thought to the past.
Senri: (This isn't bad...)
The world that was once so beholden to the convenience of magic might be eager now to take back what it's lost.
I can't even imagine what sort of future is waiting before us.
And yet this place is full of light.
Haruto: "Here I go!"
If no one else is looking down, I can't stand still after making my decision.
Senri: "Bring it."
No one knows what will happen tomorrow, and what the future will bring.
That's why we'll live being true to ourselves.
Until the day our lives run out.
====================L001.TXT====================
We were all called together when the sky was turning crimson.
After a quick meeting about tomorrow's work, we were dismissed, and the atmosphere around us all relaxed.
Site Worker: "Wheeew, done for the day! Okay new kid, you'd better be free tonight."
Senri: "Ah... My apologies. There's someone I've got to look after at home..."
Site Worker: "...Okay, but ya gotta relax every once in a while, right? Life's all about pacing yourself, ain't it? Let's go somewhere nice, somewhere nice♪"
Senri: "Did you find somewhere with good drinks or something?"
Site Worker: "That ain't it! I heard about this new date club with all these hot young chicks in the entertainment district. Come have some fun with me! I'll pay, yeah?"
Senri: "I'm sorry, I really should be getting home. I'm really sorry, I know I'm no fun. Let's go drinking next time we've got a day off."
What you can't buy with money is poverty... and such qualities as the humility, fortitude, and temperance of the poor.
Throwing away the paycheck I earn through my blood, sweat, and tears doing manual labor on a woman just to satisfy my lust and using what's left for my next day's meal is something I'll never be able to do.
Senri: (I should hurry... this is about the time grocery stores start marking down their unsold food).
Washing down a can of Re:D Elephant, sweat still on the brow, is the height of joy for the physical laborer.
It'd be just as good to have one in a glass back home after dinner's ready too.
Senri: (I bought a little too much, but it shouldn't be a problem. Her fuel consumption's never been great, after all...)
I hurried home, bags packed with discounted foodstuffs in both hands.
Now that magic has gone, the scent of petty crime has started to waft through the entertainment district once again.
There may be no more OutCasts, but the shady air particular to the area has only increased, if anything.
At night, the place has the feel of nothing other than a red-light district, and several voices of that nature were calling out to me, but I ignored them all. I have no interest in or feelings for a purely physical relationship with someone.
Tout: "Hey big spender, we've got some good girls here! Tons an' tons of 'em!"
A little ways away, a zealous barker was calling out to a young man. It was a familiar sight.
Youth: "Don't bother with the other girls. I want you, babe. How much are you? I just got paid, so I've got plenty to spare!"
Asinine.
High-quality liver and meat, kale juice, training equipment—what one uses their money for determines their worth as a person, to some extent. Buying women is something a lesser primate would do.
Tout: "How much am I? I wonder. I gotta ask. How much will you fall for?"
Youth: "Fall for... Whatever's fine. You're totally my type. I haven't seen you before. Did you just start work?"
Tout: "It's absitively my first day on the job. Trading in spring's the perfect work for Noah. So you want her, big spender?"
—What?
Youth: "Noah-chan, huh? Your name's cute too! And your boobs are huge♪ Oh, can I pay up front?"
Before I knew it, I'd left my bags on the side of the road and was elbowing my way between the man and woman.
Noah: "Hey mister, that's obstructing business."
I gave the young man a glare that drained the color from his face, took out my wallet, and yanked out all the bills inside.
Senri: "I'll pay double him. You got a complaint?"
I watched the man scurry off and handed the cash to the woman.
Noah: "Ah, thankees# One, two, three, four... One Noah, comin' right up#!"
Buying women is something a lesser primate would do... but as this woman was the one who was supposed to be waiting for me at home, there was nothing else I could really do.
Senri: "Noah, I want to speak with your manager, right away."
Noah: "Positutely! Seating for one Senri, right this way#♪"
Noah led the way, wrapped around my arm like a prostitute.
I had a mountain of questions, but I was preoccupied first and foremost with making whoever gave Noah this ridiculous job pay.
The door was innocent, but as a way of being upfront about my anger, I kicked it open and invaded the room of the money-grubber who had tried to use the innocent Noah to profit.
Senri: "Ageha, if you're there, say something. If you're hiding, I'll find you, and trust me, you'll want to get this over with sooner rather than later."
Senri: "I heard about your club. Business is booming, huh? That's wonderful. You've always had a knack for using your connections on these little schemes."
Senri: "I'm impressed you'd take advantage of Noah's innocence when she's so fond of you. Come on out, Ageha. I'm not angry!"
I searched every inch of the place, but her office was deserted.
Maybe she'd sniffed out my bloodlust and made her escape. I wouldn't put it past someone who lived through all those OutCast hunts.
Senri: "Tch...... Guess I'll have to talk to Noah."
I turned my sights her way, but she'd vanished at some point.
Noah: "Senri, Senri. I think I'll wear this to work tomorrow."
I turned to the pool table to find Noah leaning against it.
She was showing off an outfit straight out of the male fantasies that would be commonplace in anime or manga, a smile on her face that said she wasn't being forced to do this by anyone.
Senri: "What are you doing, when you're supposed to be waiting quietly at home?"
Noah: "Delivering spring?"
She must have learned this from Ageha...
Noah: "Noah eats a lot. Bad fuel consumption. Senri said 'earn your keep' too."
Noah doesn't really do anything in particular. She just waits for me at home.
I remember saying that line in jest a few days ago, but I hadn't really meant it.
Noah: "Noah'll earn a lot and contribute to spring's arrival. Not a burden anymore. Lessening the load."
I don't get many breaks, but she's trying to give me more time off in her own way. I couldn't bring myself to be too harsh with her.
Senri: "I understand where you're coming from, but I can't approve of it. You won't get any decent work from Ageha."
Noah: "Roger. Noah quits. Senri, sorry for doing something unnecessary without telling you."
Senri: "...Say, Noah. You haven't gotten involved with any men from this job, have you?"
Noah: "Not really. Noah's spring is Senri's alone, after all. I only started working an hour ago."
My fears were unfounded. She'd probably just learned some basic barking scripts from Ageha and was standing in the street.
Senri: "That's good. Let's get home and eat. Get off the table and get changed."
Noah: "? It's okay not doing anything?"
Noah cocked her head. I squinted at her, unsure of her meaning, and she started shaking her hips like a dancer.
Noah: "You gave me lots of allowance earlier. So you should do what you want with Noah. As much as you want."
Senri: "Don't be ridiculous. That money's our livelihood. I handed it over to get through that situation, but I definitely didn't give it to you."
Noah: "You said you'd pay double. Men don't go back on their words. Senri, you wouldn't lie, would you?"
Senri: "......I see. You've got a point."
Whatever the situation, since I called out to Noah while she was on the job and "bought" her, we had a contract. It would be irresponsible to ask her to take it back.
Noah: "Noah's first and last customer. Will we do it, Sir? Or won't we? Noah wants to do it, so she's waiting. What do you want?"
Senri: "Isn't it obvious?"
Noah: "Nh... Senri... rarin' to go. Go ahead and touch me. Enjoy#"
I gave her round rump a rub and she trembled in a small display of pleasure.
Noah and I go to each other a few times in a week for some private comfort, but joining in this way is new.
Senri: "Well, seeing as how I paid, let's have some fun, then."
I'll be using all the pay I earned from working myself to the bone over several days in just one liaison.
It may be with my roommate, but that shouldn't stop me from getting my money's worth.
Noah: "Ah... mmh, Senri, that way you're touching me is so dirty. Mm, nnh, so persistent and perverted. It's totally different from usual."
Senri: "Of course it is. Right now, I'm a customer who's just here for your body—a deviant lusting after you."
Noah: "Ah, mmh, gettin' a good feel for my butt... ahh, haanh#... that's not how you do it! What are you up to?"
I ran my fingers slowly down the valley between her cheeks and poked my hand through her legs in search of her genitals.
It wasn't my first time with Noah. I had a good idea of her sensitive spots.
Noah: "Nnah... hahh, nnh... right there... nhahh, nnh#, so good...♪"
Her voice was sugary sweet. She begged me for more, her plaintive soprano tickling my ear.
Noah: "Senri, Senri, play with me more. Make Noah's special place all wet#"
This sweet, womanish side of Noah is one I only see at night. I never get tired of these exploits; my heart just throbs all the more the more we engage in them.
Noah: "Ah, hahh, ah... Senri, ah, that's nice... nnh, we're still just getting ready, but it's so good... I feel it throbbing through me and squeezing deep inside..."
Just pressing my finger to her slit caused it to come away wet.
Noah: "I can't stop it from spilling out just, nh, just thinking about what you'll do to me now..."
Noah was completely ready for me, her whole body hot. Normally I'd spend a bit more time preparing her, but today I was a "customer."
Noah: "Hahh#... I'm melting... mmh#, ah, ah, ah#... Senri, Senriii..."
I stripped off my pants and stood over Noah.
Embracing her body, which was the perfect size for my arms, I gave her baby-faced cheek a lick and whispered in her ear:
Senri: "What good is you enjoying yourself? This is all so that the customer can feel good, isn't it?"
Noah: "Oh, right, right. Whoops."
Senri: "Get to it already."
I pressed up against her plump thighs, urging her to continue, but Noah didn't move.
I'd thought etiquette dictated that the prostitute applied the condom, but maybe my assumption was misguided.
Noah: "I forgot to tell you something."
Senri: "What is it? If you want to void our contract now, I'm afraid you'll have to pay a penalty fee."
Noah: "That's not it. Today's a day when you can cum inside all you want. Don't worry about it, bring it on, bring it on."
I had no way of confirming this, but it was clear to me at least that Noah was completely unconcerned with contraception.
Noah: "Noah wants to feel Senri's semen filling her up inside while we're close together. That's better for you too, right?"
Senri: "...I have no problem with feeling you directly."
Noah: "Absitively? Yay. Very well then, in the flesh. Bring it on, bring it on."
I sank my hands pleasantly into her rump and pushed my glans up to her twitching slit.
Noah: "Nnh, I feel it. Something big is up against Noah. Come in and make me your shape, Senri♪"
Senri: "What will happen if I push in here?"
Noah: "If you go in here, your penis will be filled with happiness. Noah will be filled with happiness too. The world will be at peace."
Senri: "Relax."
Noah: "Positutely! It's Noah's job to make it easy for the penis to come home."
Noah relaxed and her genitals opened and closed as if they were breathing.
I parted her soft flesh and pushed my tip into her. I slid as easily inside her as a key did in a lock, as if our repeated dalliances had accustomed her to my shape.
Noah: "Ah, haahh#, it's Senri, in nice and slow... come on in, Senri... straight in...♪"
Shove, slide... slip!
Noah: "Aanh—haahhh#♪ Come on in#♪ Nn, nnh... there you are... welcome home#♪"
Senri: "...Yeah...... it's nice to be here..."
Heading through that tight path, I arrived at Noah's deepest place with a bump and greeted her. I sighed, welcomed by the sensation of her walls around me.
Senri: "If it doesn't hurt, I'm gonna move."
Noah: "No worries, how could it hurt? Noah'll take your cheap consideration, though."
Her flesh stirred hotly around me, urging me to "move, quickly." I grabbed her bottom in response and slowly pulled out of her.
Noah: "Ah, aaah, out it goes, out the penis goes—aaahn♪ I feel that deep inside...!"
A few testing movements. I coated my member from base to tip in fluids, drilling into Noah's body that we were currently copulating.
Noah's womanhood was on the smallish side, but it seemed intent not to let me go once I was in her grasp. Maybe it had memorized my shape and knew what I was doing as soon as I was inside her.
Noah: "Mmh, ah#, nh, nhaahh... it seems harder and hotter than usual... is the outfit exciting you?"
Senri: "There's no particular reason. You always leave an impression on me."
Noah: "Absitively? How about once more, but easier to understand?"
Senri: "When I'm with you, I'll get aroused for no particular reason. That's what I mean."
I wanted to touch her. To be one with her. When I explained so simply my natural feelings for her, Noah seemed greatly satisfied.
Noah: "Then play with Noah more. Use Noah's body to feel really good."
I pushed slowly in and out of her. The mild stimulation tickled our senses, and the breath we both breathed was feverish.
Noah: "Nh, nnh... ah, ah, nnh, it's been a while since you've teased me with your penis in the flesh...♪"
She urged me to continue, her eyes moist with passion. Her pleasure was obvious, as if she had some device attached to her that changed every touch from me into sexual stimulation.
Each of her small sighs made her body jump, so I was positive she was feeling as much pleasure as she could.
Noah: "Ah, ah, ah♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah, aah#...♪ I can't get enough... I love it when you do this... Senri...♪"
My hips moved fluidly, but the sucking pressure at our connection pulled at me, as if to devour my sperm.
Noah: "Nngh, I love sex...♪ I'm so happy when you want me, Senri, that my body feels all light...♪"
Squelch, squelch, squelch—lewd, wet sounds. Moans and drool spilled from Noah's swollen lips as her butt pounded against me.
Senri: "Noah... the script is that I'm a 'customer' here, right? It's a basic of the service industry to provide satisfaction above the price I paid, isn't it? What's the point of {you} enjoying this so much?"
Noah: "Ehm... that's it. It's that. 'I'm raising my hips for easy access for the customer, so please use me as you see fit.'"
Noah: "'Please stir me up with your thick, hard cock, and cum whenever you'd like, sir.' Something like that."
The words were strange to hear, as she'd obviously just been told to say them by someone, but I gave her back a pat in response and her face relaxed blissfully.
Senri: "Lay off the entertainment magazines. Those'll only make you dumber, alright...?"
Noah: "Nnh, ah, ah, Senri, that's, good, ah, that's good, that spot feels good, ah, nnahh, mh."
I focused on her sensitive spots and enjoyed her unresisting body to its fullest.
Noah: "Are you enjoying it inside Noah too, Senri? Is your penis enjoying it like it should?"
Senri: "Yeah..."
My response was a little strained, but that was to be expected, really. With my erection snug in the tantalizing embrace of her womanhood, I was being tormented by maddening pleasure.
Noah: "Mmh... nh... ahh, aaah#... mh, ah, aaah#, so deep, mh, mmmh!"
Her lustrous skin. The pleasant weight of her in my arms. I had full view of her glistening, innocent face and full authority to enter her as much as I liked, whenever I liked, from behind.
When indulging in pleasure such as this, it's best to indulge as thoroughly as possible. I entrusted myself to the pleasure of the moment and savored Noah to my heart's content, while she too was a slave to the pleasure I provided her.
Noah: "I can feel it throbbing down there. It's saying it can't wait. It wants Senri's semen in it right now..."
Noah: "Ngh, aah... mm, keep moving, hard enough to break Noah!"
Senri: "You're not supposed to be making demands of the customer..."
I dug into her flesh with a violent ferocity, pistoning as my desires dictated.
Noah: "Mh, mh, mh, aaah, so hard, Senri, thrusting into me from behind, it's amazing!"
The more I thrust into her, the more fluid spilled from her, the more her walls sucked against me as if they had a will of their own.
Noah: "Your tip goes, nh, right where I like it, nh, haaahh♪ Your penis is growing inside Noah again, opening me up...♪"
There was pleasure packed inside her that couldn't simply be explained as a biological instinct to preserve genetic material. I gave myself entirely to my carnal passions and pursued Noah, feeling myself approach climax.
Senri: "...Kh...... you said today was a safe day...?"
Noah: "Mh, mh, is it coming? It's alright, go ahead and fill Noah with semen. The dirty Noah wants a dirty reward."
Noah: "Hold my butt in place and shoot it way# into my womb♪ Shoot out all the proof that Noah made you feel good♪"
Noah: "Cum, Senri, cum! I want all of it! Noah's almost there too, so thrust hard into me so we can cum together, 'kay?"
Senri: "Alright... no holding back, then...!"
Searing heat gathered at the tip of my member. Enduring the peak of my pleasure, I guided Noah to her own climax with my cock, which could burst at any time.
Noah: "Ah, aah, ahh!! Wow! Wow! Senri, you're really going for it♪ Nh, nnaahh, nooo, nooo, I'm gonna go crazy...♪"
I continued savoring Noah until the very last moment as I thrust my hips with all my weight behind the motion.
Noah: "Ah, aah, ah, I'm cumming... spring is coming... the best feeling is coming, mmh, aa-aa-aa-aah!"
—Splurt!
Noah: "Haaahh♪ aah♪ ah, ah, nnaaaaah#♪ Nnnnhaaaaaahhhh#♪"
Senri: "Mm... ooh...... ghh..."
The pleasure burst out from me. I basked in the particular joy of cumming inside as her walls squeezed my cock, in its most sensitive state during ejaculation.
Noah: "Ah, ah, ah?! Not so hard, naahh! You'll go straight past spring into summer! You're conquering me with your white-hot penis♪"
Her cervix came down perfectly to meet my glans. With my balls pressed snug against Noah's butt—spurt, spurt, spurt!!
Noah: "Aaah#... aaaah#... it's still filling me up... if this wasn't a safe day, there'd be a crystallization of our love forming in me now..."
I grabbed Noah's butt as it shook in the waves of a wild pleasure.
Her body must have understood my intent to not let her go until I'd poured everything I had into her. Her walls sucked at me to pull the semen out.
Noah: "No, aah, ah, aah... there's too much semen, mh, aaah, I have to surrender to this penis..."
Noah's grotto was flooded with semen, sperm swimming through her like migratory fish.
Senri: "...Wow, that was a lot..."
Noah: "Yeah... a whole lot...♪ My body and soul are dyed with Senri's color now... I'm so happy...♪"
It makes me feel a little strange to hear her so genuinely pleased.
I was still feeling the aftershocks of my ejaculation, but I pulled myself out of Noah quickly, squeezing out the last of the semen in my urethra as I went.
Noah: "Ahh♪ It's coming out... what a waste... I like it when you cum inside me, but it's super too bad I can't swallow it."
The thick jelly of our mixed fluids spilled out of her and dripped to the floor when the stopper of my cock was pulled from her.
The fluid forming an arch between us snapped apart, and I was completely separated from Noah again.
Noah: "Haahh...♪ That was good. Thanks for feeling so good with Noah...♪"
Senri: "...Yeah?"
I let the words go by without thinking about how much they made me want to enter her again. I averted my gaze from her so that my lust wouldn't be stoked once more.
Noah: "You were making some nice sounds too, Senri. I mean, sir. How was Noah, sir?"
Senri: "Not bad for the rather exorbitant price I paid."
She looked at me with an alluring smile and I was somewhat lost for words.
Senri: "...Well, you know... It's a man's job to support his woman. You don't need to make any money. Just leave that to me."
Senri: "Just having a woman waiting at home with a smile—knowing someone's there waiting for me gives me energy."
Senri: "Men are generally such simple creatures."
They become creatures like that when they've decided a woman is the one.
Noah: "Absitively understood. Roger. I'll never think about working again."
Senri: "......Well, that's fine with me."
I'm not certain the message really got across, but as long as she can wash her hands of Ageha's shady business, we can figure out the rest later.
Senri: (...Of course, her deciding she'll never work again isn't really the best solution.)
Contributing to Ageha's dealings is out of the question, but if she wanted to do clergywork, for instance, I'd consider it.
If we went to the church and asked Fiona, I'm sure she'd look after Noah, however unwilling she might be to do it.
I could trust Fiona with her—she'd probably learn some good lessons about society.
Senri: (Maybe we'll talk about it once I get home.)
Just thinking about something as I work lowers my efficiency. I adjusted my helmet and set about finishing the rest of my work.
Senri: "I'm back. Sorry I'm late."
Noah: "Pitter patter."
I was startled to find Noah bowing to me on the floor when I got home.
I put my guard up for whatever it was she was planning on springing this time.
Noah: "Would you like dinner? A bath? I know, it's Noah."
Senri: "Dinner. I'm the one who's going to be making it, though."
Noah: "Noyaya."
Dodging the three newlywed-like options, I took my coat off and tossed it over Noah's head.
While Noah was putting it away, I washed my hands, gargled, and sat down on the sofa to relax.
Senri: "Phew...... Hm? Hey, Noah. Don't just leave cash sitting around on the table. If you don't put it away somewhere, I'll take it."
Noah: "Give it back, give it back. Stealing is bad, yes sir. Noah will help Senri in her own way."
Senri: "Right, about that, I was thinking you should try to learn some things at the ch—wait, what's that odd smell?"
Noah: "Took you long enough. I just did some heheheheheh for you, Senri."
I may have stepped down from the battlefield, but I still found myself reflexively reaching for the handgun I'd stashed under the couch cushions.
That pure spring breeze smile of hers seemed strange and ominous now too.
Noah: "A congratulatutory meal! Bone apple teeth!"
There was a bowl full of a blackened mess on the table, like someone had just scraped together the burnt dregs of a meal cooked on a teppanyaki grill and served them up. Next to the bowl was a fork.
Senri: "What brought this on?"
Noah: "It's just as you said, Senri. That thing called a 'wife' is a perfectly valuable profession centered around supporting the home. Noah just did her job as wife."
Senri: "So you're done being pampered and are going to handle the chores from now on?"
Noah nodded firmly.
Senri: "I see. Not a bad idea."
I picked up the fork, pleased to see Noah thinking for herself and acting on those thoughts, and... couldn't stick it into the food.
Senri: (It's hard—if it can repel a fork, is it a metal plate...? maybe stab-proof kevlar.)
Noah's mysterious "congratulatutory meal" boasted defenses like a fortress. If I was to destroy it, I had no choice but to employ my trusty gun.
However, I don't want to call attention to us with the gunshots... How on earth can I defeat this "congratulatutory meal"...
Noah: "It's your fault 'cause you were late, Senri. It got all cold and hard. But I'm sure it tastes the same. That I can absitively guarantee."
Senri: "Tastes...? Ah, right. It's supposed to be food, isn't it..."
Noah: "I put oysters and pork liver in a blender and then roasted that sucker on high heat."
Well, it sounds like a good way to get zinc, but I can't imagine how she ended up with this through just those steps.
This is junk of the highest order—a talent, in a way.
Noah: "Make sure you chew, now. Bone apple teeth!"
She sent a look full of expectation my way, but this was akin to taking a big gulp of razors.
If I eat something like this, I'll just die. I'll die and leave Noah, the maker of something like this, all alone.
Senri: "...Before I dig in, I'm rather thirsty."
Noah: "I thought you'd say that!"
She handed me a glass, ready to pour me some Re:D Elephant.
Noah: "I had some in the fridge. Now drink up, drink up."
Senri: "How thoughtful of you."
It is a scene I'd once looked forward to. Returning from work exhausted, with someone there to pour some cold Re:D Elephant for me—not a bad thing at all.
Noah: "Cheers, cheers, cheers, cheers, cheers...!"
Senri: "......What are you thinking, exactly...?"
She'd kept pouring after the glass had filled up, so now my pants were soaking wet.
Noah: "Whoopsie daisy. Towel, towel."
Senri: "Let me ask just in case... you're not doing this on purpose to make me angry, are you?"
Noah: "Whoa... Senri's trust in Noah is super low...?"
I stood up with a sigh and Noah clutched at my waist imploringly.
Noah: "Noah'll wipe it, so don't move. She'll take responsibility and make it all better."
Senri: "Don't bother. I just thought showering would settle this sooner."
Noah: "It's fine, it's fine. Just trust Noah..."
I had no time to stop her; she yanked open my belt, grabbed my pants and my underwear—and pulled them straight down.
Noah: "It's wet. Take the towel and gently... wipe, wipe."
Pressing the soft towel to me, Noah daintily wiped away the moisture and stared closely at my shaft.
Noah: "It's like, half hard. Does it want attention from its loving wife?"
Senri: "If you leave it alone, it'll go back to normal soon enough. Don't give me any pointless expectations."
I tried to peel Noah off of me once she was done wiping, but she clung tight. If I pushed her too hard, I could hurt her.
Noah: "He pushed me away. Is this a rut? Are we in a rut?"
Senri: "You're the one who's being pushy... Just tell me what you want."
Noah: "It's absitively simple. It'll be all gross if you stay sticky. I've gotta get it all off and make you perfectly clean again."
Her sweet breath brushed me. I felt my lower half stirring with anticipation from the lascivious gesture.
Senri: "...I'm gonna go take a shower, and then I was planning on conquering the new Norse gods series of puzzle rings."
Noah: "Hoheeh?"
She poked at my glans with her nose like a seal doing tricks with a ball.
Noah: "Playing with puzzle rings all alone and having fun with Noah. Which side are you on, Senri?"
She blew a breath on my shaft, which was hardening slightly with the light stimulation.
I didn't have time to say anything before her cute little tongue slid out and pressed itself to me.
Noah: "Chp... the tip's so cute♪ Chlp♪ C'mon, Senri? What side are you on? Tell me."
A sweet, tantalizing sensation spread through me. It would be easy enough to stop her, but I lost my words when she looked up at me, almost like I was under some spell.
Noah: "Chlp. Seeenri? Mm... chp... nh... chp... wha'l 'ou wan'a do?"
Senri: "...Very well. I suppose I can't rob you of your wifely duties, can I?"
Noah: "That's the spirit. I knew you had it in you, Senri. Then first of all, we'll get you all cleaned up. Leave it to me!"
Senri: "Do what you like."
Noah: "Positutely!"
Her silken hair splayed out across the floor, sending a sakura-scented mist up to my nose.
It doesn't feel too bad to know that she's using the perfume I bought her as a gift almost every day.
Noah: "I'll go in order from down up... chp."
Down on her knees, Noah patted my glans like it was a child's head and gave it a little poke as if to say "just you wait."
Noah: "Chp, mm... mmh. Mmh#, so sweet... nnh... mmh... delicious#"
She sucked at my skin, sticky with the sweetener of Re:D Elephant.
I watched her service me, enduring the ticklish sensation of her tongue working its way up from my base.
Noah: "Mmh#, mmmh#... nn, mmh#... mmmh, mmmch..."
She took me into her small lips from the side like she was playing a harmonica, carefully licking away the sticky fluid.
Noah: "Mmh... hamh... chp, I'll lick... the whole thing... mm, chp, since I have to clean it..."
There wasn't a hint of vulgarity in her actions; she moved her tongue happily, as if she was washing a car she particularly liked.
Noah: "Hold down the tip and take the skin and... streeetch... like dondurma!"
Senri: "It doesn't stretch that much..."
Bringing my foreskin all the way down, Noah wrapped her tongue around the now-exposed area, where smegma tends to build up.
Noah: "Mgh... all open. Weak spot exposed. Mm... chp... mm, mm, mmh, mmmh, chp...♪"
Senri: "...Phew......"
Noah: "Ah! Nice face, trying to keep your voice quiet. Mh... you li'e ih here, righ'...? Seeenri♪"
Noah: "Chp, mm, chp, lick, lick, lick♪ Lick, lick, mmh. Cute, cute, cute...♪"
She lapped up all the Re:D Elephant, finally planting a passionate kiss on my tip.
Noah: "Okay! I licked it all off! Congratulatitions!"
Even a breeze would stimulate my erection right now; it stood tall, twitching in anticipation of more sensations.
I couldn't help my eyes being drawn to Noah's lips.
Just now her "cleaning" finished.
Noah merely looked at me, a blank expression on her face.
Senri: "Noah... could you..."
Noah: "Ah...♪ Senri pats my head when I do a good job. Could I? Could I what?"
Senri: "...Keep it up."
Noah: "Positutely! Your penis would be too sad like this, wouldn't it? Noah'll take care of it, don't you worry."
She ran her tongue straight up my length to my glans.
Noah: "Don't worry, it'll start feeling good right away. Easy peasy♪"
She closed her mouth for a moment, but her tongue soon showed itself again, carrying plenty of saliva on it.
Noah: "Mmh... llp, chp, mmh...♪ Mmh, MMnh!"
Senri: "Kh... ngh...... ngh......!"
Noah: "Mmh, mmh, mmlp...♪ Chp, chp, chp, chp..."
Her wet tongue covered my tip and rubbed against it again and again, slightly rough and warm.
Noah: "Mmh, mnh... ammh, nmm, nnh... well? Do you like this, Senri?"
Senri: "What does it look like...?"
It's not that Noah excels at using her mouth, but that she's perfectly aware of which places to focus her attack on—she knows all my weak points, in other words.
Noah: "Mmn, mmh, mmh...♪ Mmh, tha'ss lhirty shuice comin' ouh... llp."
A sweet, melting sort of electricity ran through me, releasing so many endorphins in my brain that it made me a little nervous.
I worried I might even beg Noah for ejaculation if she decided to make me wait at the end.
Noah: "Ih's twitching... ahm, mmph... mmn, lch, the smell is stronger now... mmph..."
Senri: "......Gh... you're too... good at this..."
Noah: "Mmh? Mfh... Only Senri gets Noah's mouth like this. Lucky you#"
Noah: "Llp♪ Ih's okay... to feel better...♪ Mmn, mmh, llmmh, chp#...♪"
My body was dominated by a sense of pleasure I couldn't put into words. Being inside Noah's mouth like this... the only recourse for me was to enjoy the sweet, tingling pleasure until climax.
Noah: "More and more... juice... mmch...♪ you're fee'ing dirhier an' dirhier... in Noah's mou'h, huh... mmch, mmn..."
Noah: "Mmlh... mmph, lllp... fwah... Senri, you're about to cum. Are you tired?"
She stroked my twitching cock as if to calm it, looking up at me with wide eyes as I endured the agony of her concentrated attack on my glans.
I wiped off some of the clear fluid that had gotten on Noah's nose and she looked down and blushed cutely.
Senri: "With someone like you waiting for me at home, I'm bound to worry a little."
Noah: "It's got nothing to do with Noah. Physical labor's tiring. When you're tired, you feel good faster, Senri."
Noah: "Husband does overtime. Wife thanks him with her mouth. That's how it works. I'll release the spring built up in your tired penis with all 88 techniques."
Noah held my member in her hand, and lovingly rubbed her cheek against it as it groaned with the sexual torture.
Noah: "Your poor penis is exhausted... hamh, llp♪ I'll thank it for all its hard work... chp, mmlh#♪"
She capped my tip with her sakura-pink lips and sucked on it, tasting it with her tongue.
Noah: "Mh, amh, amh, mmh, chp chp chp, hamh, hamh, mmph... mmllh...♪"
I can't think about anything, and I don't want to either—
Noah: "Amph, mmph... mmh, mmn, chp# Mmch, mmch, aamh, mmmh, amh..."
I enjoyed the pleasure, simply leaving everything to Noah—
Senri: "Noah... I really must be tired... I don't think I can take much more of this."
Noah: "Mh... you honna cum? Nnm... okay, le' i' all out, all the spring in you, jus' sploosh i'... onto me..."
With her other hand, she toyed with my balls, pushing me toward ejaculation.
Noah: "I'll keep licking you even after you cum... I want to see you fee'ing hood, Senri... himme a nice ho' one...♪"
I watched over her as she serviced me, feeling like I was in heaven. In my muddying thoughts, I waited for the climax about to come to me.
Noah: "Aamh, chp, mmh, nnh, aamh, mmch, ammh, nnh..."
Noah: "Mmch, chp chp chp chp, mmh, chp chp chp chp chp chp~!"
—Splurt!
Noah: "—Mmgh♪ Aamh#...♪ Mph, mmph, mh#... zhere's zhe ho' shtuff...♪"
My exhaustion burst out, transforming to euphoria in an instant.
I surrendered myself to the intense pleasure Noah had brought me.
Noah: "Mmh... ngh, ngh... whow... hmmph... what a good little penis... coming like that..."
My sensitive shaft was jumping about, but Noah skillfully held it in place with her tongue, drinking down my semen and continuing to stimulate me.
Noah: "Chp, mmh, llp#, llm#♪ Mh... so much... mh, mmh..."
Senri: "No...ah... it's still coming... gh, gh..."
Noah: "I how... mmgh... mmgh... mmgh... chp..."
The fluid ravaged Noah's small mouth in search of an escape.
Noah: "Mh♪ Mmh♪ tasty#...♪ Mm, mmph, so sticky and thick... mmh... mmch......"
To prolong the pleasure even one second more, Noah slowed down the movements of her tongue in concert with my subsiding ejaculation.
Noah: "Chp...... chp...... mmh...... ngh♪ There we go."
She ceased her licking like she was sucking up the rest of a noodle and then opened her mouth wide to show me.
A puddle of glossy semen filled Noah's mouth, much more than she should have been able to squeeze out of me with one round of fellatio.
Noah: "Aahh#... so much... mmch, mmch... I'll taste it and... ngh, gulp♪ Phew... Delicious."
She said she was doing this for the earnest reason of relieving my fatigue, but she'd been so lascivious about the whole thing that... I couldn't help feeling it hadn't been enough.
Noah: "Noyaya...? Mr. Tired Penis came so much but he's right back up again. Not enough relief?"
Senri: "No... that's enough..."
Noah: "Not listening! Take this!"
I was a bit preoccupied with the remnants of pleasure I was still feeling, so Noah's weak arms pushed me down easily.
I sank into the couch and looked up to see Noah mounting me, raring to go.
Noah: "My congratulatutory meal's full of zinc. Zinc will give you lots more spring. And then Noah'll take that spring."
Senri: "Of course, I don't recall ever eating it and I don't plan on it either. That's a weapon, Noah. I'll teach you how to cook later."
Noah: "Absitively? Noah'll become Senri's personal chef."
If she's trying to get my stamina up for nighttime exploits, but that's what comes of it, I'll just end up worse for wear. I'm not particularly good at cooking, but it'll be better than leaving it all to her.
Noah: "So, Senri. Still doin' good? Still okay to fuse with Noah?"
Senri: "You're the one who put me in the mood. I hope you take responsibility."
Trembling slightly, my hot rod was pointed up at Noah, desiring attention. It rapped against her as she straddled me.
Noah: "I've gotta suck all the tired out of you. Noah'll do it all, so just relax, Senri."
Squelch... her maiden's mouth was dripping wet, ready to take me inside of her at any moment.
Senri: "That's quite the response when I haven't even touched you."
Noah: "Noah loves you so much she got super wet just from sucking on you."
Noah: "...I get so excited just thinking about what this penis might do to me. Senri, is that enough? Can we do it now?"
Senri: "Yeah, do it, Noah. I'm sure today's another safe day, right? Rather, I'm sure you have no idea what that means in the first place."
Noah: "There's never a problem if I'm doing it with Senri. Always safe...♪"
With barely enough time to feel each other out, she lowered her hips and her sopping wet slit opened up—
Squelch... squeeze...
Noah: "Nhaahh#... saaafe#...♪ Noah and Senri both... feel safest together like this..."
Senri: "...Kh......"
I was quickly enveloped in a sweet delight. My erection, sensitive just after ejaculation, trembled inside Noah's hot, moist depths.
Noah: "They're both so hot... phew... now to suck the spring from you."
Noah rubbed her belly as if in support of her organs and moved her hips in a circle.
Noah: "Ngh, mmh, you'll enjoy it inside Noah if I do this..."
A girl danced above me in sex. Each strand of her dazzling hair shook with the sour-sweet smell of cherry blossoms. I found myself getting more and more excited.
Noah: "Mmh... you're rock hard even though you already came once...♪ Noah's special place is all squeezy and happy that you're there... it's turning your shape..."
As she circled while I was all the way inside her, her vagina seemed to fit me tighter by the moment.
She contracted around me to perfectly accommodate my length, girth, and shape, sucking me in with her abundant fluids.
Noah: "Absitively complete. Senri's personal vagina for his recovery. Recover nice and good, okay?"
Senri: "...Gh... gh......!"
Noah lifted her hips with me all the way inside her and I was pulled with her with such suction it that made me feel like she'd pull my entire body inside her.
Noah: "Nnh... Haahh#... That feels good. Mmh, you've got 'I can't get enough' written all over your face too... Your penis is happy being hugged tight inside Noah."
She lowered her soft butt with a light slap and sweet-smelling sweat sprang from her.
The natural aphrodisiac tickling my nostrils, I felt my judgment fading away and my instincts taking over.
Noah: "Your penis is more honest than you, isn't it? The beginnings of spring are already leaking from it now that Noah's on top of you like this."
I'd ejaculated quite a bit earlier, but my penis hadn't weakened at all, and I felt my hips thrusting out in search of more stimulation.
Noah: "I'm gonna move... mh, mmh, aah, ngh, Senri... Nngh..."
Noah: "Nnh, haahh... aah... I can feel your tired penis inside me... nngh..."
She moved her hips up and down—or really, her whole body, forward and back—servicing me.
Noah: "I'll do this... nh, over and over... until your tired penis reaches its limit... again and again, until you beg me to let you shoot it..."
A dizzying pleasure raced through me and I writhed, unable to keep still.
Noah: "Noyaya... no moving. Noah's doing everything."
Squelch, squelch, squish, squelch...
It was definitely easy to let her ride me diligently and earnestly like this. And on top of that, she knew all my weak spots and moved perfectly to hit them. It wouldn't be bad lying here until I finished.
Noah: "Nhaahh... hahh, nh, nh, I'll do more... I'll do more for your penis..."
Her bewitching fruits, ripe for the picking, swayed tantalizingly above me.
They make a strange contrast to Noah's innocent babyface, but that makes them all the more fascinating a weapon.
Noah: "Senri! Senri! Ahh... listen to that... can you hear it? The sound of Senri's tired penis making love to Noah's vagina...♪"
Her mewlings were dirty, bringing to mind a female cat in heat. She started moving faster, and her breasts shook even more.
Their peaks, the faint color of sakura, stood tall and appeared flushed, as if begging me to toy with them.
Noah: "Mmh... Senri? Oh. His eyes are glued to my boobs. Glued eyes aren't good. They'll make people think you're that low a man."
Noticing my gaze, Noah bent down. Squeezed between her arms, her breasts were already spilling out and now gravity made them as mountains.
Noah: "Here♪ You're free to do whatever you please, Senri. Noah's about to burst with anticipation wondering what it is you'll do."
Senri: "Well, you asked for it."
Squish—I pressed my entire face into her.
Noah: "Fwaah—nnh, a sudden attack♪"
The salty taste of sweat and the sweet flavor of her womanly flesh flooded into my mouth.
Noah's body was entirely too soft all over, but this part of her had a supple elasticity that you could truly get addicted to.
Noah: "Ah, haah... haahh... nnnh... suck them... lick them... roll them...♪ Senri's obsessed with Noah's boobs...♪"
Noah: "Ah, mmmh#, haahh, Senri's so spoiled... I can't believe he's sucking on my boobs while I make his penis feel good too...♪"
I'd had my fill of Noah's breasts several times since starting this relationship with her. These symbols of femininity that had sprouted on her delicate form gave her a real "womanly" feel.
Noah: "Senri... Ah... haah... always just the tips, ah, ahh#...♪ Don't be so gentle..."
I'm aware of what turns Noah on. Her reactions were faint at first, but I kept stimulating the same places and her pleasure skyrocketed.
Noah: "Annh! Nh, haaanh, that feels super tingly...! Nooo, Noah wants to take care of your tired penis, but if you keep doing this she won't be able to move..."
She desperately tried to resist the pleasure I was giving her and continue servicing me, but my nibbling at her now-sensitive breasts had her moaning cutely and stopped in place.
Noah: "Nh, nnh, Noah needs to keep at it or your penis won't recover at all... Aaahn♪ You'll bite my boobs off, nooo#♪"
I sucked on her sakura-colored, swollen nipples and took my mouth away after Noah went completely limp.
Noah: "Haah... haahh... Senriii... you're absitively going too far... Noah won't be able to move unless she rests... it's your fault for going after my weak points..."
I reached out to Noah's thighs and butt while she panted feverish sighs.
Wet with love juice and pre-cum, she was hard to grab, but I managed to lift Noah's legs with my arm strength alone.
Noah: "Noyayayaya! What the?! Noah's turn's not over yet. She's just resting, so you can't m—"
Senri: "Resting? When I'm not satisfied yet?"
We were both feeling a smoldering pleasure now, but I'm not patient enough to just take a break in the middle. I wanted to feel everything of Noah I could at this very moment.
Noah: "Aaanh! Ah, ah, nooo, nh, you can't, move, Senri, nnh! Noah's s— Noah's supposed to do it...♪"
Senri: "...Should I stop, then?"
Noah: "No, no, do more...! Noah'll be all sad and lonely here if you don't use her...!"
Noah urged me on, almost in tears, a slave to the pleasure, and I thrust up into her.
Noah: "Aaaaanh! Aaahn! You're lifting Noah up! Thrusting in and out hard! At this rate, Noah'll get her spring first!"
Her bare pubic mound glistened with the fluids coming from us. Her face with its childish charm began to twist with a beautiful lust.
Noah: "Sooo! Deeeep! Haah, ah, ah, ah, ah#♪ Aaah#♪ I can't win, I can't win, your penis is too strooong...♪"
After all this, I couldn't be fulfilled by civilized sex.
A violent clash that exposes your true nature could be just as refreshing, and would lead to a sublime exhaustion afterward, so that you wouldn't seek more.
Noah: "Ah, ah, aah, you're getting bigger inside me, you're getting ready to shoot it out in my vagina, I can tell!"
Senri: "Yeah... Inside's fine, right...?"
Noah: "N-No! No, no! If you cum inside right now, Noah'll go crazy! It'll feel too good and she'll go straight past spring into summer!"
Senri: "Either way works for me but... is it really okay?"
Pleasure is a terrifying thing—the sensation of falling without limit can't be summed up with such a simple word, really.
She allows me this because it's me, and I allow it because it's her—these sublime moments only come about because of our trust in each other.
Noah: "Inside! I want it inside!"
Noah shook her head madly. She pleaded with her cute lips, unconcerned by the hair sticking to her face with her sweat.
Noah: "Thrust into me and shoot### it into my most precious place!"
Noah: "Hold me down so I can't get away and pump it into me! I want to taste you down to every last drop, Senri!"
Senri: "...Got it."
I ravaged her, piercing her like the rays of the midsummer sun.
This space belonged to the two of us alone. I left myself to the sensation of my body melting down and becoming one with hers.
Noah: "Ah! Aah! Wow! Aaah! You're serious now♪ Nh, nh, nnh! It's bursting deep in me, and getting all wet#♪"
Senri: "...I'm gonna cum......"
Noah: "Ah! Ah! Aaahh! Senri, Senri, Senri! Wait, ah, ah, aaah, cum with, Noah...!"
Noah: "Nh, naah, ah, ah, AAAH! I'm... c-cumming, you too, Senri, aah, ah, ah, aaaah!"
—Spurt!
Noah: "Ngh, NNnnNNnnNNnnnnh#♪ Th-There it iiIIiis# It's all hoOot#♪"
Senri: "Gh... Noah...!"
I let go of the hips I was supporting as the climax ran through me and her weight brought her down onto me—she plunged. My glans kissed her trembling depths and spat out so much ejaculate it was hard to believe this was my second load.
Noah: "Nnh! So much...♪ Nnngh, ###♪ Haahh#......♪♪"
An intense orgasm, with her back arched. Her walls contracted around the concentrated essence of my bliss, inadvertently sucking my cock as well.
Noah: "Haaahh... my head went all white... Yeah, I like cumming while you cum inside me...♪"
Senri: "We're not done yet... Gh..."
Spurt—waves of electric pleasure crashed down on me. We didn't need words to understand that we were feeling the same thing.
Noah: "You're squirting it all inside me and my tummy feels all warm... oooh...♪ You went all out on me...♪"
Senri: "......That's... the last of it..."
Even after finishing, I didn't soften inside her and pleasure almost rivaling ejaculation still lingered.
Noah: "Haahh...... haahh... Senri planted... a buuunch... of spring in me...♪ So full, so easily...♪ Congratulatutions...?"
Senri: "I'm satisfied after all this. If we'd taken care of things less thoroughly, I'd just end up desiring you again right away."
Noah: "Mm... Noah's absitively tired, but super satisfied too. You really know how to treat Noah. Senri knows me so well."
Basking in the afterglow, Noah relaxed down onto me.
Noah: "I'm tired... Let's do this again, Senri♪"
I nodded awkwardly, letting my embarrassment get the better of me.
Senri: "...My sexual appetite's been satisfied, but my stomach's still empty."
After we rest, we should go buy some food...
Noah: "You can do it♪ You can do it♪"
I shot a look at Noah as she encouraged me from close by and shifted the six bags of food in my arms.
She'd insisted we acquire an ample stock just because it was cheap and wouldn't listen no matter how many times I tried to caution her.
Senri: "...At least hold one. Who the hell do you think you are?"
Noah: "I am the Great and Powerful Noah. It would be terrible if something were to happen to me. Do as you please!"
Senri: "You'll lose muscle mass."
Noah: "Noah got a good workout earlier. Senri handles the heavy lifting. If I took that from him, what would Senri have left?"
Senri: "That's a rather awful thing to say. Don't become too useless of a woman..."
Noah: "Noah's an absitively useless woman. Noya, noyayaya!"
Walking backwards and talking to me, Noah suddenly tripped on a stone and lost her balance.
Senri: "—You're such a handful."
I stepped forward reflexively and moved to support her.
Noah: "...Huh? Didn't fall. Does Senri have super reflexes?"
Senri: "I just pay attention to you. If anyone else fell, I wouldn't let it bother me."
It was a clumsy save, since my hands were both full, but she didn't fall, so I'll call it good.
Senri: "You don't have the powers you used to. If you hit your head the wrong way, you could do worse than hurt yourself, you know."
Noah: "Oh yeah. That's true. Noah's a real human being now. A human, and Senri's woman."
Intelligent life, rampant on this earth, fragile, fleeting, ugly, and impudent as it is—there are billions of these flesh and blood creatures, and she's just one of them.
Noah: "—It's hard being human."
Noah muttered, remembering that she'd almost fallen, and gazed up at the unending starry sky.
Senri: "Yeah. They're a strange organism that fakes a smile to get by in society, doing things they don't particularly like for the sake of things they do."
Noah: "But I can live in the same time as you, and age the same amount."
Noah: "Will you look after me until the end?"
Senri: "As long as I don't have to regret it when it's over."
Noah: "It's good, Noah's the perfect wife. You'll get high status."
Senri: "Don't worry. Even if you don't want me to, I'll protect you until you're a wrinkly old grandma."
Senri: "You don't have the right to steal that goal from me."
Noah: "Oho! Ohoho! I'll hold one. Gimme a bag, Senri."
Senri: "Don't trip in your excitement, alright?"
She must have been happy enough to skip. Noah grabbed a bag from me and took off, almost dancing.
Seeing Noah's innocent, unconcealed joy was the greatest nourishment I could ask for.
Noah: "Oho! Hwah?"
Senri: "Hm...? What's up, Noah? Something the matter?"
I went up to her where she was crouched by the side of the road.
Noah: "Guess it's not just humans it's hard for."
Senri: "It's hard for everyone and everything. Nobody and nothing can live off so little."
The strawberry she'd once planted was growing strongly, unconcerned with the issues of pests or soil quality.
It would have been very easy to pluck it from the ground.
It was many times more fragile an existence than a human's, something that could easily be crushed by a child's whimsy.
Noah: "Noah wasn't thinking anything when she told it to grow. She thought it'd just happen... but it seems it's a little different than that."
Noah: "Living might be a much harder thing."
Trees grow as if a symbol of happiness in this lead-colored world, exposed to exhaust fumes and cold winds—will a future for that strawberry arrive?
Senri: "Look closer."
Noah: "...Ah."
Noah gasped when she noticed the signs of someone having watered the strawberry.
There were signs someone had cleared the gravel away and improved the soil of the spot too. Someone must have discovered this small sprout and helped it along.
Senri: "It's the same for humans and plants and Selectors."
Senri: "All we can do is cling to those around us and live with their support."
I stood up with the strange, pleasant feeling filling me and then noticed {them} fluttering down from above us.
Noah: "S-Senri, Senri! Look, look!"
Noticing them after me, Noah stood up hurriedly.
Noah: "Wow......♪"
Beckoned by her spring smile, early sakura petals were falling down from some tree.
The winter that had been almost unending for me—for magic society—had ended...
Noah: "Congratulatutions."
...And the season we'd all been waiting for was approaching as if waking from its sleep.
====================M001.TXT====================
Finishing up with penance in the confessional, I was returning to the main hall of the church when I heard a shrill voice from the other side of the gate.
Female Churchgoer: "Fatheeer! Give me your guidance again tomorrow, would you! Thank you so much for today!"
—She was looking over at me excitedly, letting me know her thoughts on today's "guidance" and making promises for tomorrow without my input.
I gave her a halfhearted nod without listening to the whole thing.
Senri: "Yep. May God's blessings be upon you."
Female Churchgoer: "God bless!"
"Father"... the word seems to itch. I'm not used to hearing it. And there's no job I'm suited for less, I'm sure.
Senri: (That phrase sure is handy, though. Just saying it gives me the {appearance} of piety.)
Just when I was about to start on my way again, I had to stop once more. A cat had drawn up to me.
Senri: "Hm...? Get into a squabble over territory? Or did you screw up a landing coming down from a roof or something?"
It had a cut on its forehead, but it didn't look seriously hurt.
It was living near the church, but it hadn't lost its wild spirit. We probably shouldn't meddle with it too much.
While I was thinking, the cat ran off.
Senri: "Look out, now. You've only got one life, you know."
Living is a battle. I don't mean to sound overprotective, but if it went and died, no doubt Fiona would make noise over it.
I entered the church and picked up on a conversation between a man and woman.
Fiona: "I'm happy to have received your invitation, of course, but I'm afraid I can't accept it in my position."
Flashy Churchgoer: "Oh, please! Just an hour after this! I already got a reservation for a place I wanna take you to, Fiona-chan!"
He was a familiar man. A {devout believer} who came to the church almost every day, for whatever reason.
The name of a high-class restaurant (the likes of which a regular sort of person would never mention unless they had some ulterior motive) came up, and Fiona wore a strained smile after hearing the words "luxury dinner."
Flashy Churchgoer: "Come on, it's not a bad deal. Me comin' to the church is like 30 regular guys comin'."
He put about a months' worth of my food budget in the alms-bag, pressed it between both hands, and gave it to Fiona.
Fiona: "I humbly receive your gratitude to the Lord. May you receive many blessings from Him."
Flashy Churchgoer: "Ahh, I love it. That earnestness of yours. I don't know anyone my age who has a serious streak like yours, Fiona-chan."
Fiona: "I'm just normal. I'm not the wonderful person everyone thinks I am."
The meek smiles this cheerful Fiona gives those around her capture their hearts. It's a trap to make men think, "I want to keep her safe."
Flashy Churchgoer: "Just hang out with me a little, Fiona-chan! I'll teach you all kinds of fun ways to relax..."
After handing Fiona the alms-bag, the man tried to get even closer to her.
In an instant, the air around Fiona started to change—
Senri: "—I'm finished up here."
Fiona: "...Father? You're done?"
Flashy Churchgoer: "......Tch. Right at the good part? Fuck off..."
The {devout believer} glared at me and left the church so hastily he almost knocked over a pew as he went.
Fiona: "Oh, I'll be expecting you at tomorrow's service!"
Senri: "That was a close one."
Fiona: "Yes, you saved me. It seems I'm weak to direct attack..."
Senri: "...Yeah, right."
It's the other way around. I was concerned for the {man}.
Grab the man's wrist and twist it back, then plant a high kick on his now vulnerable neck—I'd been able to read her intended movements just from where her eyes were moving as he'd approached.
Fiona: "...Don't worry. I'd hold back, and I know how to knock someone out in a way that makes them forget how it happened."
Who knows what Fiona would do to someone who attempted a violation past touching her hand, regardless of the amount of his donations.
Fiona: "And if he still didn't forget, then I'd just have to give him a drug that does the same thing."
Senri: "Just don't give any of that to me."
Fiona: "Oh, were you taking me seriously?"
Flashing me her usual cheery smile, Fiona began to clean the floors as if none of that had ever happened.
Senri: (...Of course... I guess it's only natural that they flock to her...)
I sat down on a nearby pew and gazed at Fiona in all her beauty.
Most of the men probably focus on her delicate features and ample chest without noticing the killer legs hidden under her tight, flared skirt.
The full-bodied lines of her figure from behind hinted at the highly trained figure underneath her clothes.
Even after losing her magic, Kousaki Fiona Annabel was no "normal sister," that's for sure.
Fiona: "Ah, right. How many lost lambs came to confess to you, Father?"
Senri: "Something like five or six."
Fiona: "What do you mean 'something like'? You've got to shape up. Don't you know you're a priest now?"
Senri: "Yeah. May God's blessings be upon you."
Finishing her cleaning, Fiona wiped the sweat from her brow.
Fiona: "Phew... there we go."
It was a beautiful sight, this pious sister protecting her church so wholeheartedly, and I could see why people would like her, regardless of their gender.
Fiona: "If Noah were here, I'd have plenty of work for her... Frankly, it's hard being the only clergywoman in a church, even with this amount of visitors."
Senri: "Right, she's traveling outside of Agartha with Ageha now, isn't she? When's she supposed to get back?"
Fiona: "Ageha was all fired up to see a bunch of places; she said she'd handle all the expenses herself."
Noah was excited to go too, so I don't mind if they're away for a while. She should learn a little bit about the world.
Fiona: "Okay... Hey, Senri, c'mere and gimme the usual."
Plopping down on a pew, Fiona pointed at her back.
Fiona: "Mh... ahh... little weak. Put a bit more strength into it..."
Senri: "How's this?"
Fiona: "Mh... a little more... ah, ahh♪ Yeah, right there..."
Senri: "Well aren't you comfy."
I massaged the gentle slope from her neck to her shoulders.
Fiona: "Aahh#...♪ That really gets me after work#...♪"
Fiona: "Phew... oh yeah, I heard from that guy that he was scratched by a cat. Did you hear anything about that?"
Senri: "...No, nothing."
...I see, so that wound was {retribution} from our male visitor.
No, that's just speculation. When you make easy assumptions, you only push the truth away. I'm sure it's much more likely it got into a fight with another cat.
Anyway, Fiona'd already run out of patience with the man; I had no desire to say anything to pound the nail in further.
Senri: "One of mine said she'd come to confess again tomorrow in search of salvation."
Fiona: "Salvation? They say that so easily... Ahh, there...♪ Harder—ah, ahh♪ That one was nice..."
Fiona: "Phew#... Don't you think the quality of our visitors is declining some...? I feel like we're losing some of our purpose."
True, the church is definitely getting different visitors than it did in Father Gaimon's time.
Senri: "The quality, eh? Not totally."
Senri: "You're making several times the donations Father Gaimon was. People can't live without money, and if there weren't any people here, who would do the proselytizing?"
Senri: "Most importantly, those on the saving side can't very well choose who they're going to save if the church is supposed to 'accept everyone,' can they?"
Fiona: "Mh...♪ I'm not... going that far, right...? Haafh...♪"
Comfortably expelling the air from her lungs, Fiona enjoyed the stimulation, practically intoxicated.
The skin of her slackened shoulders had turned to putty in my hands and the sighs coming from her mouth were beginning to take on a feverish heat.
Fiona: "So... was there a girl you liked who came for confession?"
The meaning of her question escaped me.
Fiona: "There aren't normally priests with dark pasts like you in the real world. Whisper some sweet words in her ears and I bet she'd be yours."
Senri: "None of them have left an impression so far. We'll see what happens if a finer jewel than you comes my way."
Fiona: "Hmm... I'm a fine jewel, eh? Thanks. Even if I know it's true objectively, it still doesn't feel too bad to hear it."
Fiona: "I'm quite fond of how I am on the inside and the out. I suppose that's only natural, since I've worked toward this. All that training paid off."
Fiona's words were based on the objective standards of beauty she'd arrived at using data from society, and not from narcissism or over-confidence.
She was just using the superior materials she'd been blessed with, and if needed, she'd get plastic surgery or spend time at a salon to improve herself—that was "normal" to her.
Fiona: "Your hands aren't moving."
She put her hand over mine on her shoulder. She entwined our fingers enticingly, then removed her hand with a giggle.
Senri: "All those devout believers of yours... What they're really after is these, isn't it?"
I slid my hands down from her shoulders, gliding them around the contour of her breasts.
Fiona: "Huh...? Hey, stop that... Mh, where do you think you're touching...?"
Fiona turned around as if surprised when her guard was down.
Senri: "These things are nothing but temptation for men's eyes. Don't you think it's your fault if you're only getting visitors with wicked thoughts?"
Fiona's voluptuous body combined with her usual good posture means her already large breasts are thrust out even more.
If she stood just before you and smiled, her breasts swaying with their partially exposed skin, it wouldn't be surprising for the male survival instinct to kick in.
Fiona: "Mmh... I didn't ask... for a massage... there... At least make it my arms or something..."
Senri: "'Throw away your monetary lust and donate freely to the church'—I'd feel bad for that guy if he were being baited but then not given the goods."
I scooped up her breasts in my hands.
The skin seemed to stick to my fingers, their weight heavy in my palms. They were tempting fruit, which screamed "woman" to anyone who saw them.
Senri: "Don't you claim to be a chaste woman in service to God? That's basically fraud, isn't it?"
An impregnable virgin. Most of the young visitors to the church were after Fiona's {first}.
Fiona: "What... my first? Ah, it was pretty good, wasn't it? Can't give that away anymore, you've only got one of it, after all."
After we'd settled things with the Victor, Fiona had tied me down and had her way with me.
"I'll come back alive and lovingly fuck you until you're a sobbing mess"—she'd been true to the words she'd given me when I left her to deal with Inui, who'd risen from the grave to stand in our way.
I'd been prepared for half of it... but three rounds without pulling out... our young visitors weren't aware of the passionate night Fiona and I had spent together.
Fiona: "Ah... ngh...... come on, stop it... cut it out...!"
I pretended not to hear her, touching her all the more strongly.
Squeeze... squeeze... they didn't fit entirely in my hands, and as my fingers sunk into them, an incredible sensation spread through my palms.
Fiona: "Hey... Senri...! I'm gonna get angry... nh... haahh... haahh...!"
Fiona trembled once, then again. It was clearly a sexual reaction, and a normal one. She did seem like she wasn't into it, but she wasn't resisting very strongly either.
Fiona: "...Mh... we're in a holy place, you know... Nhaahh... haahh... you're {supposed} to be a priest, and you're laying a hand on a sister...? Don't you think there's something wrong with that...?"
Senri: "I'm just trying to loosen up some of your {stiffness}, to relieve your fatigue a bit."
After a little of that, her skin grew moist and her breaths grew sweeter. Her eyes seemed to glisten like syrup with the anticipation.
Fiona: "Mmmh! Okay, that's enough. We really can't—"
The bowl-like breasts that never ceased to draw the eyes of her visitors suddenly spilled from her clothes.
Senri: "Think it's time for a new habit? Must be hard being stuck in something so tight all the time."
Rub, rub, rub...
Fiona: "Nh... what... what do you want... I get it already, you can touch me all you like when we're back home...!"
Senri: "Maybe your shoulders are stiff because of these huge things."
I fondled them as if to confirm their shape and she trembled as if in thanks for my freeing her from her suffering.
Fiona: "You stupid, ah, ah...#♪ Why are you... so frickin' good at thiiis...?"
Breasts themselves are nothing but fat to a woman. They should invoke no sexual feelings. Yet her voice was growing softer and sweeter. Why?
It's because the men who treat them like coveted items excite them, along with the erotic mood such situations can create.
Fiona: "Ahn, ah, ah... this is the church, you know... mh! Mmfh, no... that's enough, come on..."
Senri: "I hear when women say 'that's enough' they really mean 'do more.' Which did you mean?"
Fiona: "Even if that were true, saying it that way really pisses me off...!"
She gave me a sharp glare and pinched the back of my hand, but I ignored her and kept groping.
Senri: "They're big, of course, but it's their shape that's truly nice. They're not so soft that they sag; you can tell how springy they are with no enhancements at all."
Fiona: "Ugh... Come on, really, what's up with you? Alright, we're done here. No more massaging. Let's get done what we need to get done and go home."
She seemed embarrassed—to be precise, I could tell that she thought this embarrassing situation was embarrassing because of the flushing of her cheeks.
Senri: "Why aren't you standing up, then? Or resisting?"
Fiona: "Eep! ...Fhh...... nh... do you have to touch me so weirdly every time..."
I slid my finger around her areola, teasing her with the notion that I'd touch the pink bud in the middle, then took the finger away and went back to holding her whole breast in my hand.
Fiona: "###! I can't believe... you'd go that far and then just stop...!"
The breast is mostly just fat, but it's different around the nipple where there are nerve clusters. It's a highly sensitive area that should be treated carefully.
You need to tease her, stimulating her in time with her breaths, and make the pink buds assert themselves with a desire to be touched.
And Fiona had been teased so much her mind was full of nothing but the desire for her hardening nipples to be touched.
Senri: "Is this what you wanted me to do?"
Fiona: "Waitwaitwait—naaah! Uuugh, that was intense...... ah, ah, ah...♪"
These breasts were a perfected form of beauty.
The act of "groping" bordered on rude. "Milking" was probably the better direction to take. —So I milked her superior breasts with a cow in mind.
Fiona: "Hngh, nnnh, you... Senriii, nngh... I hate this... Hey, if you keep that up, you'll leave hand prints on me, you ass...!"
Squeeeeze—while I milked her, I buried my face in her hair, breathing in her scent and enjoying it.
Senri: "You smell nice..."
Fiona: "Sh-Shut up...! Ah♪ You'll stretch them... mmh, mgh, you can do whatever you want... l-later...!"
Senri: "You seem sensitive today. Your voice seems sweeter than usual too."
As I teased her breasts, I slid one hand down her body, pressing the back of my hand to the high slit of her skirt.
Fiona: "Fweh... ah... you want me... to spread my legs...? B-But we're in the church..."
Slide... Slide... I maintained a close distance, just barely touching her... not too quickly, I enjoyed the sound of my fingers sliding on the fabric of her stockings.
Fiona: "Mm...... mmh........."
I focused on Fiona's throat as she watched me.
Anticipation and hesitation—that, or unease—when her emotions were at their height, she should swallow.
Fiona: "......Ngh."
Instantly, I flipped my hand around and reached between her thighs, caressing her gently as if the action were the most natural thing in the world.
Fiona: "Ah... Senriii... haahh... ngh... haahh..."
Her thighs had closed to reject my invasion, but they opened back up gradually as if she were opening her heart to me at the same time.
Fiona: "Hahh...♪ Haahh...♪"
I stared wordlessly at Fiona, who had stopped resisting entirely, and kept fondling her so that the stimulation didn't end.
Fiona: "...You can't wait until we get home...? You want to do it here...?"
Fiona: "I didn't mean that at all, but... if that's what you want, I guess I..."
Her eyes told me her body and heart were both mine; it was a gaze one would give to their master.
In answer to her gaze, I took her chin in my hand and leaned in for a k—
Senri: "—Hm? Who's there?"
Female Churchgoer: "Ah, Fatheeer!"
The girl looking in from the door was the visitor who'd come for a confession earlier.
Female Churchgoer: "Ac#tually#, I forgot something in here! Teehee★  You weren't closed, were you?"
Fiona: "Huh? Of course we are, you trespasser!"
Senri: "Don't say that. You should treasure all the visitors you get. Fix your clothes before she sees you. Let's find whatever she forgot."
Fiona: "Huh?? What the hell are you saying? I don't care who's here. I'm finishing this."
Senri: "Rumors'll spread in an instant if you do that, you know. Your alms-bag will be empty from tomorrow on."
Fiona: "Huh??? After all this......... huhhh???"
Having no choice, I fixed Fiona's clothes myself, but she looked unsatisfied the whole time, a question mark practically hanging over her head.
Senri: "Roll your shoulders for me, Fiona. They're relaxed a little after that massage, aren't they?"
Rolling her shoulders with a blank look on her face, she nodded, confirming that she had no difficulty moving now, and—
Fiona: "Thanks. I'll be sure to pay back what I owe you♪"
Her warm, maternal smile made me feel more dread than I had when we'd been fighting to the death with swords of ice.
On the way home after closing the church, we were feeling an unpleasantly chill breeze.
Senri: "I'm gonna catch a cold."
I reached out to pull Fiona closer to me as we walked, but she dodged my arm.
Fiona: "Sorry, but I'm good. I'm the picture of health, you know♪"
Senri: "Guess that's true."
Fiona: "But if I did get sick, would you nurse me back to health without rest?"
Senri: "Nurse you? That would hardly be a priority, would it? You want to close down the church?"
Fiona: "Eheheh, eheheheheheheheh♪"
The unfamiliar laughter sent a jolt to my instincts and I stopped walking on the outer side of the street.
Fiona: "Oh? Why did you switch sides?"
Senri: "Who knows. Ask my instincts."
Fiona: "True, if I slipped and fell your way, you'd go right over the railing into the river."
Fiona: "But think about it a little harder, would you? You wouldn't die if you fell into the river, but if you flew out into the street...♪"
Without thinking, I put a hand on a streetlight and waited for the coming vehicle to pass.
And just when I thought nothing had happened—I felt something soft on my back.
Fiona: "They're the breasts you groped all you wanted and then abandoned."
She whispered in my ear, a nail running over my neck.
Senri: "...How many times do you think I apologized after that? It wasn't enough?"
Fiona: "Well, I still haven't forgotten it♪"
Women tend to hold grudges. I hadn't had any ill intentions, but the excuse that too many coincidences had occurred wouldn't fly.
We walked home in silence, much too far apart to give the impression that we lived together.
Senri: "...Want to eat out?"
Fiona: "Huh...? Are you inviting me to dinner?"
Senri: "What else would I be doing?"
Fiona: "Okay, let's go."
I'd said the words without putting too much thought into them, but she'd responded immediately. The tremendous effect these words had produced brought a phrase to mind—"the way to a man's heart is through his stomach." Guess that applies to women, too.
Fiona: "You have some good ideas sometimes."
Fiona wrapped her arm around mine, the malice draining from her. She wore a smile now more fitting of a woman her age alone with a man.
Fiona: "This sort of thing is nice every once in a while. I wouldn't expect it from you, Senri♪ Where do you want to go? Is it close?"
Senri: "It is."
Fiona: "Good. I hope it's got a nice atmosphere..."
Eventually her head was resting on my shoulder in addition to the arms around me. She purred to me like we were lovers, her mood completely recovered.
Before long, we saw the place we were headed to. I pointed it out to her.
Senri: "It's that orange sign. Really close, right? The other men at the construction site brought me here a lot while I was still working there."
Fiona: "A... gyuudon shop...?"
Senri: "My treat, of course. You want an extra large, right? No worries. It'll go straight through your stomach, right to your heart."
Fiona: "...Through my stomach......? Right... right..."
Fiona looked blankly up at the sign, tilted her head at a 90 degree angle and blinked over and over again...
Fiona: "Thanks. I'll have that extra large, then♪"
Senri: (......Guess that was a mistake...)
She smiled with such a depth of virtue it made her look like the holy mother herself, and once again, I felt more dread than I'd felt while we were fighting to the death with ice blades.
Senri: "......"
I focused on the information available to me in my hazy vision. These were familiar lights on the ceiling. My room. I was on the bed. No wonder I felt something soft under me. I focused on my extremities. My fingertips responded. No problem there.
Senri: (What is this? What happened? Think back. We went out... Fiona and I went out and chatted on our way back, then I took off my shoes—)
—Right. Something hit me from behind while I was taking off my shoes. My vision had tilted and then my memories were cut off.
Fiona: "You're finally awake. Being taken out so easily like that, it's pathetic."
Senri: "I see... True, it really was pathetic."
I remember it all now.
We got home and I was headed to wash my hands when I was attacked from a blind spot.
My consciousness had been stripped from me in one blow, leaving no after-effects—I should have expected Fiona not to let her unused skills go rusty.
Fiona: "I don't think I was being unfair and you don't either, do you? I was up against someone with military training, after all. I wouldn't do anything like this to an ordinary person."
Senri: "Don't worry. On the contrary... it's those parts of Kousaki Fiona Annabel that I find myself attracted to."
Surprise attacks are the most beautiful, and the {fairest} methods of attack.
Producing results was all that mattered—without results, to those of us on the stage where you might lose your life at any moment, fighting head-on gets you nothing but self-satisfaction.
Fiona: "Same here, Senri. I was attracted to how strong you are."
Fiona: "That's why I'm so disappointed. Honestly, I wanted you to counter me and knock me out. I thought at the very least that you'd avoid it..."
A giggle and a dangerous grin. A familiar expression. It was the face of the superior Agent I'd coveted for her fighting strength.
Fiona: "Is it because you've left the battleground? Or did you let your guard down because it was me? Both? You've weakened, corroded by peace."
Now that I think about it, I realize her mood going back to normal around when she had that extra large beef bowl was just acting... a ploy to make me drop my guard.
Senri: "Let me just make sure of this... You're mad?"
Fiona: "I suppose so. Even an idiot could see that, hm?"
Senri: "I realize I was insensitive. I apologize. Next time I'll be sure to choose a place more to your tastes, Fiona."
Fiona: "Eat quickly and sleep for tomorrow. It's very practical, just how I'd expect you to think."
Fiona: "But that's not even the least of our problems now♪"
She gave me a look of assessment. Having a general idea where we were headed, I nodded with a sigh.
Senri: "If you'll forgive me, I'll do whatever you like."
Fiona: "Yes, that's what I wanted to hear♪ It's simple: I'll forgive you {if you accompany me until I'm satisfied}."
The bed suddenly creaked. On top of me now, Fiona swiftly stripped me, exposing my naked body.
On all fours, Fiona stroked my abdomen like she was wiping a window and gathered up her hair. A sweet scent wafted over to me.
Fiona: "These tight abs are why your internal organs are kept in such a precise arrangement."
Senri: "They haven't been tamed by peace. I believe I've maintained them enough to be able to protect you from thugs."
Fiona: "That's very admirable of you. Now use that well-tempered body of yours to satisfy me."
I was preoccupied by the sight of the black stockings that accentuated Fiona's looks.
Fiona: "Oh, but no touching. You can't move until I tell you to."
Her soft rear, no doubt perfectly shaped for childbirth, pressed to my hips. The extremely feminine sensation sparked my limp member to a quick erection.
Fiona: "My, you're supposed to be a priest, in name at least, and you're so hard just from a slight touch..."
She touched me sloppily, with no intent at all to get me off. But her prods and pokes didn't cause me pain, but rather bursts of joy from my half-erect member.
Fiona: "Heheh...♪ It's even harder now. I didn't think there were any priests this true to their desires."
Fiona: "What if I gently... wrap my hand around it... rub, rub♪ What if I pinch back here and push up with my thumb... poke, poke, poke...♪"
Her supple fingers wrapped around me, stroking my sensitive spots.
Fiona: "...Well, it'd be boring if we played it by the book, right? Here we... go."
She shuffled forward, rubbing her thighs against me, until she hit my towering cock, where she stopped.
Fiona: "I'll put it between my thighs and... mh. Between my thighs, my pussy, and my hand... you're completely surrounded."
Her preparations complete, Fiona gave me a devilish smile, then began working her mouth.
Fiona: "Mgh... bleh#... mfh. There, I covered it in plenty of saliva so you can move it easier."
Trapped in that tight area of pleasure, wet by saliva, I had no way to escape and could only capitulate to her lewd advances.
Fiona: "Mh... mh, mh... what a mighty red elephant you have...♪ We've only just started, but it's bucking back and forth... begging me to do more..."
Her meaty thighs moved on each side of me, first one, then the other, creating wet, sticky noises as they went.
My balls were gently stimulated by her alluring thighs as well, as my throbbing glans was massaged by her palm on top of it.
Senri: "...Hahh, gh...!"
My breaths naturally grew ragged. Even the superior look she was giving me as she stared down from above added a mysterious thrill to the pleasure.
Fiona: "Goodness, Senri, so impatient! All this sticky precum is squirting out already in joy♪"
Fiona carefully scooped up my Cowper's fluid with her fingertips and smeared it around my glans.
Fiona: "Mh... heheh, the face of a cheap man, caught up completely in his lust... You'd just like to leave this all to me and get off, wouldn't you..."
While I was simmering in a sweet, low heat, Fiona started rubbing some kind of gel on her fingers.
Fiona: "Oh, this? Ageha left it behind before she went on her trip. That's all I really need to say about it, right?"
Senri: "Hey, wait a second, you're kiddi— Ngh! —?!"
Some kind of aphrodisiac—she rubbed it on the thin skin of my cock and it permeated through in no time.
It got into my glans especially fast and a numbing pleasure assaulted me almost instantly.
Fiona: "Wow, it's bigger than I've ever seen it before. This must really work... apparently it ramps up the pleasure quite a bit."
Senri: "?! Ugh—hot...!"
My eyes snapped open at the incredible ache.
My glans felt like it had caught fire; it had been transformed into such a blatant erogenous zone that the tiniest stimulation seemed like it would push me right to ejaculation.
Fiona: "Oh, stay still, would you? You're a man, aren't you? You can't even endure this?"
It was an impossible request. The pressure of her plump thighs was even more pleasurable now and I couldn't help squirming at the sensation.
Fiona: "You gonna cum? You wanna shoot that melting-hot cock on my bare skin? Get off while covering me in your cum?"
Senri: "Yeah... Is that... okay...?"
Fiona: "Of course it is. Gimme a real thick one. Cover me in it, dyeing me in your color..."
Senri: "Right..."
The pleasure rose in me, the torrent racing through me finally—
Senri: "Gah?! Ngh?!"
Fiona: "Heh... heehee♪ That's a good face. Like, 'huuuh?' Yeah, me too♪"
...There was no release.
I'd forgotten about the strength of Fiona's killer legs—a little tensing and they clamped around me like steel, going beyond a pleasurable pressure and physically preventing my orgasm.
Fiona: "Oh, it's twitching like you came. The poor thing, fooled and unable to get a shot off. There, there♪"
She began rubbing her thighs against me again and the pleasure started pushing me once more toward orgasm.
Fiona: "You're just throbbing, dying to get that built-up pleasure out, aren't you? Don't worry. {This time} I'll take pity on you."
Senri: "Ah... I get it... I see the... point of this game now..."
{This torture won't end until Fiona's satisfied.}
Fiona: "You were the one to toy with me first."
I shivered as she smiled so widely I thought her face might split in two.
Fiona: "This is what happens when you piss me off, sweetie. You weren't thinking of some other woman, were you?"
Kousaki Fiona Annabel... is capable of all this.
Fiona: "I'm sure you could endure terrible torture, but what about this living hell where you're just about to finish but can't?"
—Squelch, squish, squish, squish.
Senri: "Gh... ngh... aaAAaah!"
Fiona: "Let me hear more screams. I felt the same way. When you gave my breasts so much love in the church, I was full of anticipation...♪"
I was right on the edge, again and again—but I couldn't finish.
Fiona: "Heheh, nope. Not yet. Are you gonna go mad? It's alright. It's best right before the end, just like doing squats."
Senri: "Don't act like... it's the same...!"
—Squish... squish... squish... squish squish.
Fiona: "Come on♪ Come on♪ Stop as soon as you hit your limit. Once you hold it in a little, you'll feel the best pleasure imaginable...♪"
A hellish smile. As soon as I felt orgasm coming, her killer legs clamped down to stop it. My longing to finish was eating away at my mind.
Fiona: "Mmh, ah...♪ the tip's rubbing against me... This is great... Senri, are you listening? Hee...♪"
She had complete control over my ejaculation. A boiling white magma was waiting impatiently and desperately for its eruption.
Fiona: "Mh, mh, mh... Hey, are you out of your mind yet? About to lose it?"
—Squelch, squelch, squelch, squelch!
Senri: "...?! ...! ......!!"
My whole body became an erogenous zone, a slight breeze brushing against me causing enough pleasure to send me rushing toward orgasm.
Fiona: "Ah... ah, mh, huh...? I'm starting to—ahh, I didn't think of this... the aphrodisiac's been rubbing against me... it must affect women, too..."
Senri: "Are you feeling some of my agony now...?"
Fiona: "Heh...♪ It's stimulating, isn't it...? Exciting. I'll get even more on me and show you my embarrassing side."
My plea to end this fell on deaf ears and if anything, Fiona only moved her thighs more aggressively, sending exquisite waves of pleasure through me.
Fiona: "Mmh... you're rubbing against my slit... oh... this is nice... I might not be able to stop, mh, mh..."
Senri: "Fiona... let me..."
Fiona: "Mm-mm, Senri... you can't...♪ I'm the only one who can cum... ah, ahh♪ this is... haaanh!"
No matter how trusting a relationship we'd established, even the ordinary act of finishing together was withheld from me.
Fiona: "In exchange... I'll let you, mh... burn the sight of me cumming from your big, strong dick... into your eyes..."
The sight of her bent forward, rubbing herself against me... it was like she was using my member as a tool for her masturbation.
Fiona: "Mh, mmmh#♪ Heh, I'm gonna cum using your dick, so just watch me in envy, haah, ah, ah, ah, ahh...♪"
The sight of Fiona losing herself to her pleasure amplified mine and I barely endured the urge to ejaculate by clenching my jaws so hard I thought my molars might chip.
Fiona: "Mmmmmmh...#♪ ...♪ It was a light one, but I came...♪ Haahh... haahh..."
She trembled slightly. Having watched her orgasm from beginning to end, I complimented myself for not going mad.
Fiona: "Have we waited too long and your dick's losing it? It's jumping around and crying all these tears..."
Fiona: "You wanna put it in? Ejaculation's all this poor thing can think about. You wanna put it in and pump your hips and let it all out so bad you can't take it?"
Senri: "...If I do that now, I'll cum right away... There won't be any time for you to enjoy yourself, Fiona..."
Fiona: "It'd be easy enough to let you finish between my thighs... let me guess, it's just built up something awful and you want to get revenge by covering me in it?"
Fiona: "And look... you want me so bad."
—I was at my absolute limit.
Fiona: "I'm all ready for you after cumming. The perfect condition to welcome you, without any of that troublesome foreplay—"
At some point I'd unconsciously pushed Fiona down and straddled her as she lay there unresisting.
Senri: "—Hahh, hahh...!"
Where is it? I searched, frantically, for her womanhood.
Time was of the essence. The desire overwhelmed me.
I needed nothing else. I wanted to cum inside Fiona. Finish inside Fiona.
Fiona: "{It's right here}."
Her succubus-like whispers returned me to my senses.
I thought she'd taken off the stockings at some point but they were back on her legs. As soon as I saw them, I tore them apart.
Fiona: "I want you to need me..."
The guidance of her supple fingers was almost enough for me to finish, but I desperately held back.
Squelch—I heard the sound of our wet flesh touching and pushed my entire body weight forward with no hesitation.
Fiona: "Mh, haaanh... there you are...♪ Ah, you're twitching like you really are going to cum just from putting it in...♪"
Welcomed into her searing hot embrace, I was overjoyed at the limits I reached, the pleasure I thought I could only dream of.
Fiona: "{Fuck me}♪"
Her legs, which could put a model to shame, wrapped around my waist with the intent to squeeze every last drop from me into her.
Before the words were even out of her mouth, I was pounding away at her like an animal in heat—
Fiona: "Mh, mh, mh, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah♪ Good, just let it all out—all the stress you've built up...!"
—Spuuurt#! Spurt spurt spuuurt! Spurt spurt spurt spurt#!!
Fiona: "Mmmn...♪ I can feel how thick it is, pumping into me... Th-There's more of it than I was expecting... aahn...♪ I just came too, this feels great...♪"
Cumming with just three thrusts, I was overcome by a dangerous pleasure like my whole body would fall to pieces.
All my nerves focused on our connection and I trembled with an ejaculation the likes of which I'd never felt before.
Fiona: "Mm, mmh... come on, Senri. It feels better the more you have to hold back, doesn't it? Here, I'll hold you..."
Senri: "Nngh... mm... mmmgh......!"
Fiona: "Heheh...♪ Pumping your hips so wildly... That's good, Senri... just think of nothing but cumming inside me...♪"
An uncontrollable eruption. I shot sperm out noisily into her womb.
Fiona: "Mh, mh♪ You seem to be enjoying yourself... It's a reward for enduring. Fill me up with your thick milk as much as you like..."
Spurt, spurt, spurt, spurt,
spurt... spurt...... spurt......
Fiona: "You've slowed down a bit, but you're still going... That's right... Deep inside me, good work...♪"
Senri: "Hahh...... Hahh...... Haaahh..."
My ejaculation stopped and the surge of pleasure slowly faded.
As I enjoyed the comfortable sense of fatigue, the arms wrapped around me started stroking my back and head.
Fiona: "Feel better?"
This suddenly kind side of Fiona was either her true self, or a manipulation of what feelings she expected me to have.
...Either way, the trusting lover's smile she gave me had more than enough of an effect.
Senri: "...That's not fair... Right after things start winding down, you look at me like that...?"
Fiona: "And anybody'd want to go another round?"
Blood flowed back into my pathetically-drained penis. I was ready to go again, and harder and bigger than the last time, squeezing fluid out of her with the pressure.
Fiona: "You let out so much and yet it still wasn't enough... That's amazing, Senri. I think I'd like you to absolutely destroy me with that rock-hard cock of yours."
Senri: "...You're making light of me, thinking there won't be much of it after cumming once, aren't you? It'll be dangerous going again without a break."
Fiona: "Heheh...♪ Well, do it, then. I can't imagine your feeble semen could actually impregnate me, though."
Senri: "...You don't mind, then."
Fiona: "You don't need permission. It's not like this relationship started yesterday—do what you like."
—Squelch, squelch, squeeeeze!
Fiona: "Ah♪ Yes, mh, stir me up while you're still deep inside me... nh?!"
I stole her lips while I was still buried in her.
Fiona: "Mh... mmh, mmn... Senri... give me more... mmh..."
I listened to her sweet moans as she stared back at me, her eyes entranced.
She obediently offered her lips to me to do with as I pleased—and I suddenly realized.
Fiona: "...Mh... mm...♪ Haah... What a sweet kiss. I thought you'd be more aggressive... Have you settled down a little after cumming once?"
Senri: "{It's an apology kiss}... for not realizing that you'd forgiven me a long time ago."
Fiona: "...I never know how far to go. I don't know what I'd do if I'd done too much and you hated me for it."
Her putting me through living hell wasn't just an attempt at getting back at me.
That was part of it of course, but the biggest factor was trying to get my sympathy.
She was trying to get me to lose my inhibitions and "assault" her—it was her lousy way of expressing her true feelings.
Fiona: "I love you, Senri. More than anyone else in the world."
Senri: "...I know, but you've got the order backwards. Normally you'd say that before we start."
Fiona: "Who gives a shit about 'normal'? I wanted to say it then. I was in the mood."
We sought each other again, though I couldn't say who initiated it. Our lips met, our tongues touching several times before entwining with each other.
Fiona: "Mm... mmch... mn, mn... heheh...♪ Llp, llp... mmh..."
I reached out my tongue and Fiona sucked on it noisily, swallowing my saliva.
Fiona: "Mm... mmh... when you're inside me, I can even get off on your kisses... I need more, though, Senri... Can you give it to me?"
I pumped my hips in answer. My tip rammed her womb, our copulation noisy. Frothy love juice mixed with semen spurted about.
Fiona: "Hanh, ah, aaanh! Yes, deeper... ngh, you're hearing all these embarrassing noises...!"
Senri: "...It's a real turn-on......"
Fiona: "Mmmh, mh, yes—aah, this is what I wanted you to do to me. It's great... love me until you can't anymore!"
I pistoned in her, seeking only pleasure. With every thrust, I gouged into her, to bring her to the very depths of pleasure.
Fiona: "Mh, aanh! Wow, the aphrodisiac must still be working... nh, ah, ah♪ I'm so much more sensitive than usual♪"
No matter how much I do, she wants more. Until we arrive at our destination, we devour each other. Love and desire blend into one, and moans dominate the room.
Fiona: "Ah, ah, do it, drill into me, I want you to ruin me, to show me how strong you are!"
Fiona: "Nh, ah, ah, ah, ahh! I love you! Mh, nh, aaah! Let me feel more joy...!"
Senri: "......!"
I trembled with the electricity of pleasure. I wouldn't last much longer under the effects of the aphrodisiac and in this tight flesh.
Fiona: "—No, I want to cum together this time. I want us to feel the same pleasure, to become one...!"
Feeling my oncoming orgasm, Fiona pleaded with me to continue and I nodded.
I'm not a rotten enough man to cum first after hearing that from the woman I'm fucking.
Fiona: "Mh, yesss... ah, ngh, ah, fwaahh, mh, mh, mh, deep, in, in, yes, good, ah, ah...♪"
Fiona: "Mm... fuck me hard... I want to see how strong you can be if you get serious... break me...!"
—Slap! Slap! Thrust! Thruuust!!
Fiona: "Hyaaanh! Ah, ahh, aaah#, no, no, no, it's, it'sh toooo gooood, hahee, ee, nnnngh!"
Fiona: "Aahn! Ah, ah! Thrust like that, aaand, hagh, aaah, I-I'll cum... ah, ah, I'm cummiiing...!"
Senri: "This time I'm, really cumming...!"
Fiona: "Nnh, I'm ready for your cock nooow, aahn♪ That's all I can taaake... l-let it all out, the thick stuff, in my pussy...♪"
Fiona: "Ah, ah, ah, I'm cumm...ihyah, ah, nngh, ah, ah, aaah#!"
—Spurt! Spurt spurt spuuurt#! Spurt spurt spuuurt#!
Fiona: "Aahn, aaaaaah#♪ AAAAH, AAAAAH#!!"
Senri: "Gh... aaah... mmgh!"
Fiona: "Nnnh, haaahh#♪ Y-Yeeesss... haaanh... sho much hot shtuff...♪"
A sweet numbness shot through me and once again I was swallowed up by the eddies of orgasm.
I gave Fiona's womb a second coating of thick, white sperm, drowning in the sensation of melting into her.
Fiona: "Nhaahh... haaahh... you made me cum... and you're still... pumping me full... I'm so happy... we're cumming together...♪"
Fiona: "Hahhh#♪ Senri, I love you... this makes me... aaah#... so happy...♪"
Squeezing the rest of the dregs out, I lost my strength. Holding hands, enjoying the aftershocks, we looked at each other with moist eyes.
Fiona: "Mh... heheh... that was amazing... Did you get it all out...? All inside me...?"
Senri: "...Yeah......"
I tried to get my exhausted body up again when the fire lit again in Fiona's eyes.
Fiona: "I don't think so♪ I haven't gotten enough of you yet. Fuck me one more time♪"
The night had just begun, and morning was far off...
Fiona: "Fwaaah... tired......"
Senri: "Drink this, it'll wake you up."
Fiona: "Who's the one who wouldn't let me sleep?"
Fiona glanced at the label of the Re:D Elephant I'd tossed her and pulled the tab.
Fiona: "...When I'm out in my favorite town and wearing my favorite clothes, I just have to bring along my favorite energy drink too."
Fiona: "Mgh... mgh... mgh...! The strongest beverage - definitely: Re:D Elephant—I won't even lose to an elephant."
Senri: "...You sound just like her. Have you been practicing in secret?"
Fiona: "As if. I've only seen the commercial once."
Pushing the empty can on me, Fiona looked over the church with a melancholic expression.
Fiona: "When I think about how today... and tomorrow... we'll have to keep sucking up to people with not a shred of faith... I kind of wonder what the point is..."
Senri: "You're thinking too much."
Fiona: "Our female visitors idolize you. They use confession as an excuse to chat you up."
Fiona: "Our male visitors have nothing but the worst intentions, and they're not even bothering to hide them. They haven't even read the holy book... so how am I thinking too much?"
Senri: "Well, all I know is the church needs donations to keep itself running."
Fiona: "Is it really okay to keep on like this...?"
Perhaps called down by Fiona's sigh, a cat landed on the ground from the roof, circled my legs, and sat down beside me.
Senri: "Hm......? You didn't have this wound yesterday... Didn't I tell you to be careful?"
Fiona: "Wound...? —The cat's wounded...? What does that mean, exactly?"
Senri: "Don't jump to conclusions. It probably got in a fight with another cat."
Fiona: "........."
Distracted by Fiona's puzzled look, I accidentally brushed against the cat's wound.
It must have been surprised. It slipped through my hands and ran for the road.
Ba-dump. With a premonition, I looked to where the cat had fled.
{I'd had an idea. That a car was coming.}
Senri: (Tch—what the hell am I doing?)
This is the problem with getting accustomed to peace. My instincts were delayed by a moment. I wouldn't make it—even if I leapt out, it would be too late.
Fiona, beside me, was most likely the same. All she could do was bite her nails and pray that the cat wasn't hit.
Since there are no Dunameis nor magic in this world.
Senri: "Fi—"
A shadow. Wind. Feet hitting the ground. A person's back. I heard crunching gravel. The sound of Fiona's killer legs kicking road. She leapt out in a position that said she'd given no thought to her landing—
Will she reach? Will she make it?—Her gaze was focused completely, but not on those thoughts. Her outstretched arm hit the earth and she rolled without killing her momentum.
Suddenly, a high-pitched braking screech... but I didn't hear a collision.
Fiona: "...Guess I'm not as out-of-shape as I thought I was."
She'd done a hand spring with no running start, relying only on her physical abilities... She hadn't nailed the landing, but she raised up her spoils in one hand from her seat on the ground.
Fiona: "We're alright. Look out, Senri."
The extraordinary abilities she'd ingrained in herself hadn't disappeared even after she'd stepped away from the world of blood and conflict.
Fiona: "Now, get going."
Hopping down from her hand, the cat looked up at Fiona blankly.
Fiona: "Phew... Would have gone better if I'd had magic... I was a little nervous there."
Animals have far less intelligence than humans.
But their senses are keen, and they're much better than us at figuring out what's a threat to them.
Fiona: "...Huh? Senri's over there. What are you rubbing up against me for?"
Humans, on the other hand, judge other people by their appearance. Since they have the intellect to hide their true selves, it's impossible to know someone after talking with them just once.
Fiona, who's playing the "role" of a devoted, kind-hearted sister so well she's practically fooled herself, is a good example.
Once, when she'd fallen and covered herself in jam—a cat was the only one who'd seen through her facade and scratched at her.
Fiona: "Senri... Help me out here. This is the first time an animal's become attached to me. I-I don't know what to do... Come on, go over to Senri."
Senri: "That's fine, isn't it?"
I couldn't help smiling at her confusion with the cat.
Senri: "It's comfortable over there, right?"
Animals like cats can see through to a person's true nature—
Fiona: "C-Could it be...... now I have free rein to touch its little toe beans...?"
Senri: "Just play around over there for a while. I'll go talk to the driver."
I left Fiona and walked to the driver, who was running over to us.
Senri: "Ah, right, Fiona. I forgot to tell you, but just now? You were incredibly cool."
That's what attracted me to her originally.
Fiona: "What's that supposed to mean..."
Fiona: "......Heh♪ This doesn't feel too bad, though."
10 AM on the Sabbath—a little over two hours after the business with the cat, we'd finished preparations for first mass smoothly.
As there's no presiding priest and Fiona's the only member of the clergy present, the proceedings are somewhat minimal.
Before the Introitus, I stood next to Fiona in the front of the church and sighed.
Fiona: "...Hey, Senri, remember what I told you at Sensei's mansion?"
She asked me with a light tone and I closed my eyes.
Senri: "About saving the people within your reach?"
Fiona: "...I wonder where my reach extends right now."
Senri: "...There's a clearer answer in front of you than I'd have, don't you think?"
Senri: "Ask the church of the great Father Gaimon, built for those tired of their journey or lost and in need of guidance."
Laying her hand on the wall, Fiona gently closed her eyes.
Fiona: "......Father... Sensei..."
When she opened them, they were devoid of all hesitation.
Senri: "Let's go. The faithful are waiting for you."
We entered the room from the open doors. I accompanied Fiona to the altar, watched over by our congregation.
Flashy Churchgoer: "Ohh, Fiona-chan, you're even cuter than usual today."
Someone haphazardly tossed a bible among the empty pews.
Female Churchgoer: "Aaah, Faather! I'm here! I'm right here!"
Someone jumped up, waving a hand excitedly and trying to get my attention.
The others fidgeted restlessly, sending their gazes to Fiona's butt or breasts as she walked gracefully by.
Senri: (She's explained the proceedings so many times, and yet still no one sings the Introitus...)
When I stopped in front of the altar to bow, a female member of the congregation touched my shoulder like she was asking for an autograph from a famous person.
Senri: "...May God's blessings be upon you."
I handled the interaction with the all-purpose words and stepped up to the altar.
Senri: "May the grace of the Lord, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all..."
Normally the priest, I, would exchange greetings with the congregation, but we've given up on such etiquette.
Waiting was meaningless, so I was about to proceed when Fiona moved from the side of the altar.
Fiona: "...After the priest's words, the congregation says, 'and with you, Father.' That's common sense, you know?"
Senri: "Sister, that was out of line."
Fiona: "Which part?"
I sent her a pacifying look, but it didn't work.
Fiona: "You're right, though. There's no point in saying anything to those not worth saving."
She came over to me and grabbed me by the lapel, pulling me toward her.
Fiona: "Mmmmwah♪ You're all too oblivious to understand unless I do this, isn't that right?"
I was taken aback by her sudden kiss.
Female Churchgoer: "Ah, aaah! No fair, no fair! Give me back my priest!!"
Fiona: "'Give him back'? Your priest lays with me almost every night. Do you really think your scrawny body could satisfy him?"
Female Churchgoer: "S-Satisfy him..."
Fiona: "Well, {objectively}, there's no place I'm inferior to you in, is there...?"
What I've managed to pick up on is that there's no stopping Fiona anymore.
Flashy Churchgoer: "Hey, this isn't right! How could you be with him when you've got me?!"
Fiona: "How, indeed#♪ Oh, I will thank you for supporting our love life with your donations, though."
Flashy Churchgoer: "Wh... Wh... You're way too slutty to be a sister..."
Fiona: "Heheh...♪ You wanted to fuck me? Poor you. The priest is quite a rough one, you know... Mwah♪"
She kissed me to provoke the congregation once more, but no one else stood and complained.
Fiona: "Well, aren't you angry I've made a fool of you? Does no one have the balls to stand up to me?"
Even those with low awareness of danger won't pick a fight with a rampaging elephant—the dangerous scent Fiona was giving off now was something even these pampered weaklings could sense.
Senri: (Kousaki Fiona Annabel is capable of all this.)
And I was attracted to the oh-so-capable Kousaki Fiona Annabel.
Fiona: "Senri... You want me to be true to myself, don't you?"
Fiona: "We all live in our own time. We can't just follow the priest's path."
Fiona: "As long as our legs move, we act, act, and act. We can't wait for those we should save to come visit us: we have to go out and do the saving."
Fiona: "Come with me, Senri. This church is too small for you and me."
It was an unconventional way of thinking, unconcerned with things like rules.
There isn't just one path to salvation.
Senri: "...Ha, heheh... So she says. Sorry, but mass is cancelled."
I wouldn't mind giving the rest of my life to this woman—to Fiona.
Since she'll show me an interesting, worthwhile "salvation," and not some throwaway game.
Fiona: "Alright everybody, break it up. Go work, or study, or do whatever it is you do."
My partner, who I'm sure will have a magnificent reputation one day, is pure, devoted, cool-headed, and callous—her contradictory, two-faced charm adds to that bewitching smile of hers as she says:
Fiona: "Why don't you pray that God's blessings be upon you, or something?"
She'll keep shining forever.
====================N001.TXT====================
Haruto: Where do you want to eat lunch today?
I tapped out letters on the chat app I had open on my terminal.
In the few moments I had to wait for a response, I looked up and around the classroom.
The teacher was writing some kind of formula on the whiteboard.
I remembered then that I was in math class, but I didn't understand the formula at all.
Riku-chan: Vote for ramen
Haruto: "Ramen, huh... I think we had some the day before yesterday too, but sure."
Haruto: Wanna eat in the cafeteria?
Riku-chan: Negative
Haruto: Let's go into town then. You're done with class right?
Riku-chan: Affirmative
Asahi: I'm busy today so you two go together
Asahi usually came with us, but she had something to do today, I guess.
Haruto: Got it. Where are you Riku-chan?
Riku-chan: Confidential
Confidential, huh... I can kind of guess, though.
I checked the time displayed on my terminal.
Just when the numbers changed, the bell signaling the end of class rang through the room.
"Just finished here. Heading over"
After inputting that last message, I slid my terminal into my pocket.
Haruto: "Mmm#...!"
I raised both hands into the air and stretched.
Pulling away from the other students leaving the building, I headed around to the back of the school.
I pushed through some overgrown bushes.
Sometimes I wonder why she goes out of her way to come back here, but it's just her preference, so there's no point in worrying about it.
Haruto: "I thought you'd be here."
Sitting with her back to the base of a tree, Riku-chan had that same ethereal, painting-like look to her.
Riku: "90. Do you know what this number represents?"
Haruto: "Is that the record of games pitched in one season?"
Riku: "No. And how the hell would I know that, anyway?"
Haruto: "'The hell'... Then what is it?"
Riku: "It's the number of messages I've received from you today. Don't you think that's a bit much?"
Haruto: "B-But isn't that what dating is like...? I've never had a girlfriend before, so I'm not really sure how it works..."
Asahi's giving me a bunch of advice so that things go well with us, but it's not as if she's got tons of experience herself...
Riku: "Put yourself into the shoes of the one who has to reply to all of them. And just now, you were in class, weren't you?"
Riku: "You're not very smart in the first place, and you've been out of school for more than a year. Study a little more seriously, would you?"
Haruto: "Not very smart in the first place..."
Riku: "Did you forget about going to the same college as me?"
Haruto: "N-No! Yeah, I'll study! I'll study, so let's go and get lunch for now!"
Riku: "You can't just change the subject."
We left the Academy and headed into town for lunch.
All the while, Riku-chan's nags showed no signs of ending.
Riku: "Are you listening?"
Haruto: "I-I am...! B-But look, it looks like all the reconstruction's mostly finished, huh...!"
Once magic was gone from the world, people scrambled for change. All the infrastructure that relied on magic until that day immediately stopped functioning.
Agartha was extremely dependent on magic compared to most everywhere else, and the panic at the time is still fresh in my memory. But things are finally calming down now.
The town still feels the same as ever, but there are plenty of changes that have taken place where you can't see.
Riku: "Magic and Dunameis are all gone now, so if you keep thinking like you used to, you'll be left behind."
Haruto: "I'm trying, but... Oh, come to think of it, seems like things are rough for Atori right now, huh?"
Riku: "All the companies that were developing Magi tech are in chaos now. They've lost every method of turning a profit."
Riku: "Atori is very large-scale, but if they don't do some quick restructuring, they're done for, I'd guess."
Haruto: "You'd guess? You act like it has nothing to do with you."
Riku: "Anything that doesn't concern me personally has nothing to do with me. And what's a priority for me at the moment is filling my belly."
Riku: "I'll end up with nowhere to turn to but mayo again at this rate."
Haruto: "That only happened a few months ago, but it seems like it's been such a long time."
Riku: "What are you going to do? Mayo is high in calories, you know. What if it becomes a habit and I get fat?"
Riku: "Will you still love me if I'm fat?"
Haruto: "A fat Riku-chan..."
Riku: "Oink oink!"
Haruto: "......"
Riku: "I get the feeling you just imagined something very rude."
Haruto: "I-It's fine! You've got a body like a model, so you'll be fine if you gain a little weight! Fine, oink!"
Riku: "Oink...?"
Haruto: "N-Nothing."
Haruto: "Anyway, I know now that magic's gone, we've gotta start studying other stuff, but do you have, like, a goal or anything?"
Riku: "A goal...?"
Haruto: "Yeah. We're studying, but if you don't know what you're doing it for, it's kind of pointless, right?"
Riku: "It sounds a little like you're trying to change the subject, but... I suppose that's true."
Haruto: "Right? Are you thinking about the future, Riku-chan?"
Riku: "...I don't know."
Haruto: "You don't know? That's not like you. You always move so fast..."
Riku: "Until now, I only did things I thought were right to do."
Riku: "Testing Magi, collecting Rings, exposing the conspiracy with you."
Riku: "I was always in a situation where I didn't really have another choice."
Riku: "But now I do. The shackles limiting my decisions are gone."
Haruto: "Isn't that a good thing?"
Riku: "It's actually pretty hard being handed freedom. For me, at least."
Riku: "Do you have a future you're seeking, Haruto-san?"
Haruto: "A future, huh..."
I stared up at the ceiling with the lights off.
I'd moved back into my old apartment a little while after magic disappeared.
I'm thankful to my dad, who worked really hard for us to be able to live like this again. The Hina Akeno-san left behind is living with us as my sister too.
Compared to back when I lost everything, I have no complaints at all about my life now. That might be why it's hard to picture that future Riku-chan was talking about.
I can't just go through the motions. This moment only exists because of several miracles. A few different people taught me that.
Just because I have freedom doesn't mean I can do nothing with it.
Hina: "Onii-chan#, it's morning# Wake up#"
Haruto: "Fwah...?"
Hina: "Morning#"
Haruto: "Yeah... but if I don't want it to be morning yet, what should I do?"
Hina: "You can't do anything# You have to get up# Riku-san's coming to pick you up soon#"
Haruto: "Mmm, still, sometimes you just don't want it to be morning#!"
Hina: "Oh well# I guess I'll just have to go to bed with you, then#"
Haruto: "Yeah, let's do that. It's all the spring sunlight's fault#"
Hina: "All the sun's fault#♪"
Riku: "Excuse me... I've been calling, but there's no ans—"
Haruto: "Whoa?!"
Riku: "......"
Riku: "Huh?"
I checked my terminal where I had it hidden under my desk.
Second period had started and I still had no response from Riku-chan.
Haruto: "Hahh#... I wonder if she's mad..."
I haven't even gotten an opportunity to explain myself since this morning. Riku-chan just went to school on her own after that.
I sent a bunch of apology messages, but I haven't gotten a response. Though they say "read," so she must be looking them over, at least...
Haruto: "Haahh#..."
Right when I looked out the window and sighed, the terminal buzzed in my hand.
Haruto: "?!"
I hurriedly checked the screen.
—Current location: empty classroom on the third floor of the west school building—
An empty classroom...? But why...? I'm in class right now...
I had no idea of her intentions. It didn't say to go there or anything.
But I'd finally gotten a single message from her, and I couldn't stay still.
Haruto: "Sensei! Can I go to the bathroom?!"
I rushed up to the classroom on the third floor and found Riku-chan leaning against the wall as if she had entirely too much time on her hands.
Haruto: "Huff, huff, Riku-chan, what is it...?! What are you doing here...?!"
Riku: "Well, I'm not doing anything. Yet."
That word at the end seemed laden with implications. I thought I could hear a bit of emotion in her voice too.
Haruto: "I-I knew it, you're mad, aren't you...? L-Listen, I was half-asleep..."
Riku: "I'm not angry. But I was thinking, perhaps there are measures that could be taken to prevent the same thing from happening again in the future."
Haruto: "Measures...?"
Riku: "There should only be one target for your lust."
Riku-chan said, opening the classroom door and pulling me inside.
Far away, I could hear a teacher carrying on with class.
Anyone could walk into this room. Paying no mind to my terror at the prospect of someone walking in on us, Riku-chan exposed my dick and gripped it between her fingers.
Haruto: "...Ugh...... you're terrible... what are you going to do if someone comes by?"
Riku: "Well, I suppose you'd be in more trouble, Haruto-san. I'll scream 'help me!' so you'll probably be doomed no matter how much you defend yourself."
Haruto: "If you tell people I dragged you in here, my life is over!"
I jumped at how her cold her hand was. She moved it up and down as if to rid it of any excess peel. I could feel her breath on my tip.
Riku: "If that happens, you'll just have to curse your bad luck. If you stay still, this will all be over with quickly."
She gently stroked up from my base to my tip like she was giving a cat's chin a rub and I shivered with the ticklish excitement it gave me.
Haruto: "W-We can't do this! We just can't!"
Riku: "I suppose I have no choice... Just be quiet and look at these for a while, would you?"
She bared her breasts and my eyes were glued to her cute chest.
Riku: "I've exposed myself now, so in your terms, I would say this is 'playing fair,' wouldn't you? Oh, but no touching. I'm just showing them to you."
I shook my head to clear it of thoughts.
Haruto: "Let's not do this. We can still stop..."
Riku: "Are you okay with that? You think you can just leave your hard penis alone and focus on class?"
Haruto: "Hard? It's not... oh."
It had popped up. My body was honest. I got an erection at some point while she was touching me. I have no excuse.
Riku: "There's no need to be embarrassed. It's just a physiological phenomenon. I'd say it's much more unhealthy not to get an erection when your lover is touching you."
She picked up my cock and started rubbing the frenulum, stimulating me.
Haruto: "Ugh..."
Riku: "Of course, it's a little pathetic for you to be moaning after just a little rub..."
Haruto: "Well... your boobs are so cute... and your hand feels really good..."
Riku: "Honesty is a virtue. My hand has brought you to ejaculation in place of sex dozens of times now, so your body must simply remember it."
Rub rub. Rub rub rub. She stroked. As if to get me used to her hand.
Riku: "See... with just a little touching, there's so much dripping from up top here... and if I smear this on..."
Haruto: "...Ngh... Riku-chan...!"
Riku: "It slides better, and you stop caring about anything else, right?"
She teased my tip a bit with her hand, then wrapped her palm around me.
Riku: "From what I've heard, men's tanks fill up every three days."
Poke, poke. She toyed with my swollen balls. When she scratched them with her nails, I writhed from the tickling sensation.
Riku: "They've become so heavy with the three days of semen you've stored up, just from doing this. It's because it gets stored up that you become so undiscriminating, right?"
Haruto: "That's not what I was doing with Hina..."
Riku: "You can take this opportunity to swear to me that you'll never lay a hand on someone else."
Riku: "If you swear, then just this once, I won't use my hand... but this to satisfy you instead."
She licked her lips suggestively. My eyes were locked to them.
Haruto: "R-Riku-chan's... mouth..."
Riku: "Fellatio. Oh... you got hard again just imagining it. Men really do like that, don't they?"
Riku: "However, if you break your promise... I'll castrate you so that you don't ever do it again."
Haruto: ".........For real?"
Riku: "Well, I've given you your options. You can make do with my hand, like usual, or you can experience an unknown pleasure in my saliva-filled mouth... your choice."
Haruto: "I'll never lay a hand on anyone else! One blowjob, please!"
Riku: "You're faithful to your desires, at least... Well, you promised."
Letting forth a little sigh, Riku-chan pulled her hair back and brought her lips closer. She sniffed my scent with her little nose, then stuck her tongue out.
Riku: "Llp... mm... llp..."
Haruto: "Gh!"
Riku: "Mm... huh? Did that hurt?"
I shook my head, but Riku-chan chewed a little as if she thought she'd made a mistake.
Riku: "Mmch, mm... ngh. Maybe you were just surprised. I've got more saliva in my mouth now, so don't worry."
Riku: "Mmch... mmmch, nnch... mmh... mmch... mmh..."
Haruto: "Ugh... your mouth is... hot, ahh...!"
Riku: "Mmch, nnch, mmph... mmh... you are too, inside here... llp... mmh..."
Haruto: (So this is what it feels like in a girl's... in Riku-chan's mouth... It's so warm and n-nice...)
It felt like I was dreaming. I was used to her rough, almost painful handjobs, so the sense of her moist mouth around my entire penis felt incredibly gentle.
Riku: "Mm... nnch... mmh... nnph, mmph, mmh, mmph, mmh, nnh..."
It was a sticky gentleness. My nether regions trembled as I felt like I was being sucked deeper into her.
Riku: "Mmh... I can hold you in place with my lips... and lick where you're sensitive on your tip... llp, llp, mmn, mm, mm, mmh#, mh, mmch, mmmh."
Haruto: "Haahh... that's...... amazing...!"
Riku: "Mmch, llp... llp, mmh, mmph, you like that... I'll do more, then... mmch... mmn... chp, chp, mmmh, mmn...!"
Her rough, spit-covered tongue slid about. She focused on my sensitive spots until I had to give in.
Riku: "...Mmph. Phew... it kind of... tastes like meat."
Haruto: "Well, I wouldn't know, but... don't bite, okay?"
Riku: "That's a good idea... hamh, amh, amh... mmh, mmg... nnm..."
She nibbled at me from the side like she was eating something on a skewer. It gave a bit of an accent to her gentle teasing.
Riku: "Mmh... mmch... nnph. How's my first blowjob? To your liking?"
Haruto: "I-It's great... b-but why are you so good at it?"
Riku: "Mmh, mmh... well, however lacking I am, I do happen to be your girlfriend. It's better for me to have a bigger sexual repertoire, wouldn't you say?"
Riku: "Your sensitive spots are the same when I'm using my hand, so I just do the same thing with my tongue in my mouth."
Wiping my Cowper's fluid from her nose, Riku-chan led my penis into her mouth again.
Riku: "Mmh... mmch, and... I... hracticed... haahph... nnph, mmh, amh...!"
Riku: "Mmh... Well, since we're trying something new, I'll see how deep I can get it into my mouth..."
Riku-chan moved her head with my penis inside her mouth, burying it all the way up to its middle.
Riku: "Mmh, kph... mmph, kph... mmh, mmh, mmph, mmph, mmh!"
Her cheeks bulged obscenely, then sucked in as she slurped on me like a straw.
Riku: "Mmh, mmh, mmh... mmh, mmh, mmh, mmh, mmh!"
I couldn't believe how good it felt. My penis was hot and tingling like it was soaking in a hot spring.
I looked down at her, my head practically empty. Blessed with the miraculous sight of Riku-chan sucking on my symbol of masculinity, my excitement was rising to record levels.
Riku: "Mmph... mmph, mmh, mmh, mmph, mmph, mmh, mmh..."
Haruto: "Ugh... aah...!"
It felt so good I reflexively pulled my hips back, but her cute mouth followed after me.
Riku: "You're noh gehhing away... slrp, nnph, I'm gehhing ih all out... aamh. Mmph, nnph!"
Haruto: "Gh... ah... ahh... I'm gonna lose my mind...!"
Her small mouth was stuck tight to me, her slender tongue moving inside it—this was oral sex that stimulated my whole penis without even having to pump my hips at all.
I climbed toward climax while completely passive, entirely at Riku-chan's mercy.
Riku: "Mmph, llp, mmph, mm, mm, mm, mm, mmph, it's twitching... mmph, mmph, mm, mmh..."
Haruto: "Ahh... I can't take any more of this! I'm gonna cum! I'm cumming, Riku-chan!"
Riku: "Mmh... it's a bit premature, don't you think? Okay, go ahead... mmph, mmch..."
Riku: "Oh, but I don't want to make a mess, so cum in my mouth, alright...?"
Haruto: "Huh...? C-Can I?"
Riku: "Hm? Feel free. It'll be easier to clean up that way... Alright, I'm going to continue... aamh!"
Her mouth. I could cum in her mouth. As soon as she said so, my heart started pounding.
I wanted to let everything I had out into her and see her catch it in her mouth—just thinking that brought me straight to my limit.
Riku: "Mmh, mm, mm, mmh, mmph, mmph, mm, mm, mm, mmh, mm, mm, mm, mm!"
Haruto: "Ah... I-I'm cumming...! S-Suck, suck it all out...!"
Riku: "Goh ih... go ahea'... mmh... mmph, mmph, mmmch, gifh me... all your... semen..."
Riku: "Slrp... mh, mh, mh, mm, mm, mm, mmh, slrp, slrp, slrp—nh#!"
Spurt, slpuuurt#! Spurt, spurt, spuuurt#!!
Riku: "—?! Aah!! Ah—hey! This isn't, mgh! It's going all over, where are you aiming...?!"
Haruto: "Ugh... ahh... s-sorry, but I can't stop it... it feels so good...!"
It bucked and shot out of her mouth, spraying dirty fluid all over Riku-chan's noble face as if playing a joke on her.
Riku: "Can I, ngh, no... it's on my face...! Urgh, three days' worth... is too thick..."
Riku: "Nh, haahh... it's all sticky... snf, snf... I doubt this smell will come off easily..."
She tried to force it back into her mouth but it jumped and shot off everything before she could manage.
Riku: "Aww..."
Haruto: "...I-I'm sorry..."
What awaited me after my intense ejaculation was a scornful look from Riku-chan.
Riku: "I can't believe you got it in my hair. You're the worst. I have to get it out before it dries..."
Haruto: "Uhh, but before that..."
I thrust out my hips and displayed my penis, which still throbbed as if begging for more.
Riku: "Haaahh... that thing just came and it already wants more? It's twitching so pathetically, dripping semen like snot..."
Riku: "I'll take responsibility one more time, but clean off my hair in return, okay? Mmph, llp..."
Our roles allotted, I took out some tissues and carefully wiped the semen from her hair.
Riku: "Mh#... mmch#! Mh, mm, mh, mmph, lhere's shtill sho much... mmh, mm, mmh, mmph!"
I thought my hips would melt, it felt so good, and my hands stopped. It almost felt like she was sucking so hard she'd pull out my soul with the rest of my sperm.
Riku: "Mmph... mmh, sllrrp, mmh, mmh# Mmh#!"
Riku: "...Glp...... Okay, I cleaned up the rest of the semen, so we're done here. Good work, everyone."
When she'd finished, Riku-chan gracefully wiped her mouth with her handkerchief and began swiftly fixing her clothing.
Riku: "Well, let's get back to class."
Haruto: "W-Wait a second!"
I embraced Riku-chan from behind before she could leave the room.
Riku: "Hey, get off of me. Don't do that, we just finished, didn't we?"
Haruto: "But I haven't had enough... And laying a hand on you doesn't break my promise, right?"
Riku: "...You really were pent-up, huh? Fine. I'll do it one more time."
I stopped Riku-chan when she was about to bend over again.
Haruto: "No, I want to—become one with you, Riku-chan."
Riku: "Haruto-san..."
I had built up the courage to say it, and Riku-chan gave me an appraising look before—
Riku: "Well, I don't."
—shooting me down!
Riku: "I mean, you're awful at it."
And she pounds the nail into the coffin!
Riku: "Haruto-san, have you not noticed that you're so awful at it that it isn't even funny? The first time we had sex, I skipped school the next day, right?"
Haruto: "Huh? Didn't you just say you had a little cold?"
Riku: "I was lying to protect {someone's} dignity. The truth is that my groin hurt just from rubbing my legs together and I couldn't even walk to school."
Haruto: "No... What have I done..."
Riku: "So I'll pass on the sex. But don't worry, I'll still take care of you."
Haruto: "I-It'll be fine! This time I know it'll be fine, so give me a chance to make it up to you!"
Riku: "Where's this confidence coming from...?"
Haruto: "What if I say 'pretty please'?"
Riku: "You know that doesn't really work after a certain age, right...?"
Haruto: "I can't just have you taking care of me all the time. I want to pleasure you too, Riku-chan. I'll do my best, on studying and on sex, so please!"
Riku: "......Haahh. Who was the one who was all scared someone would come in here before...? If it hurts, we're stopping right away, okay?"
Haruto: "Alright! Okay, let's do it in a revolutionary position I just thought up!"
I beckoned Riku-chan over after she gave me a reluctant nod.
Haruto: "Okay, get on top of me."
Riku: "Your enthusiasm is creeping me out a little, but... alright, pardon me."
Doing as I asked, Riku-chan straddled my knees and stuck her cute butt out to me.
Riku: "Yikes, you're already hard... it's hitting my stomach... Or are you doing that on purpose?"
Haruto: "I can't help it. Come on, get closer."
She was cute as she snuggled up closer. My erect member touched her stomach pleasantly.
Riku: "This is... your revolutionary position?"
Haruto: "I was on top of you the first time we did it, right?"
Haruto: "Like this, your weight's on me, so no matter how excited I get, I can't get too carried away. And if it hurts, you can smack me or whatever as soon as it does."
Riku: "It is convenient to have your face in an easily smackable position, but I can't guarantee that it will maintain its fundamental shape when we're finished."
Haruto: "D-Don't say something so scary... Oh, this is in the perfect position too."
Squish. I caressed her shapely butt.
Riku: "Mh, I never said you could... touch me there... haahh..."
Haruto: "It's so smooth in my hands... I wish I could stay like this forever..."
Riku: "If we stayed like this forever, it'd never end... mmh... be serious about this, would you...?"
Riku: "Haahh... mmh... fhh... mmfh... that's delicate, you know... don't touch it so... hard..."
Was I just imagining it or was her cool facade beginning to crumble?
Haruto: "Huh...?"
I stuck my finger between her cheeks and groped around a bit. I couldn't see between her legs from this position, but I could feel the sticky fluid between my fingers.
Riku: "There's nothing... particularly strange about it."
Haruto: "You're turned on?"
Riku: "...! You don't have to vocalize it. Do you want me to smack you?"
Haruto: "Sorry..."
Riku: "It's probably because of the fellatio. I had you inside my mouth and my body reacted to that. I'm a woman, so it's a perfectly natural response."
Haruto: (I didn't know she could get this wet... That means it must have really hurt the first time when she was completely dry...)
Yet Riku-chan had endured it until the end. I mean, she kicked me away as soon as I finished, but she didn't even show any pain on her face before I came.
Riku: "...? Your face says you're about to die of guilt. What on earth is it?"
Haruto: "Nothing... I was just reflecting on how much trouble I caused you because of my incompetence."
Riku: "...Well, it was a consensual act, and I've given you this chance because of it, so if you regret your actions, please do your best while you still can."
Using my shoulder as a support, Riku-chan lifted her butt upward.
Riku: "...A little farther forward... ah... here... I can feel you right at the entrance... I'll just slide it right in, then..."
Haruto: "Oh, yeah."
"...Wait, doesn't this mean I've got nothing to do and Riku-chan's going to—" was as far as the thought got before I felt my tip being swallowed up inside her.
Riku: "Mmh... haahh......"
—Shove, push push push......
Riku: "Ah... It goes in pretty easily, huh... mmmh... haahh...... it's in deep...!"
Her thorough moistening helped me slide in really smoothly.
Haruto: (It really is so tight, and textured, and nice inside Riku-chan... I want to move... I want to move, but I can't yet...)
Riku: "...Haahh... ah... mm... you're touching my butt again..."
I fondled her small, supple hips.
I teased her until she would want me to move, getting her vagina completely used to the feeling of my cock deep inside her.
Riku: "Phew... phew... Haruto-san..."
I don't know if it was my imagination, but her breath was starting to seem hotter to me, and her insides were getting wetter, as if accepting me, relaxing and once again becoming as soft as they were supposed to.
Haruto: "Riku-chan..."
Riku: "Gh... Don't get so close, would you? I-I'm taking points off for heavy breathing."
Haruto: "Oh, sorry. You're just so cute, I..."
Riku: "Wh-What are you going to do now...?"
Red-faced, Riku-chan looked down expectantly.
Haruto: "W-Well... What should I do?"
Riku: "What a question. I'm right here, you know. I think it's customary for lovers to kiss at this point."
As soon as she said it, Riku-chan's boobs were pressed right against me.
And while I was distracted by them, her shapely lips moved in toward my face.
Riku: "Mmh... haph... mmh... mmch... mmph... mmch... mmh..."
Riku-chan's good at kissing too. I feel like I'm going to melt.
Riku: "Incidentally, Haruto-san... How long are you planning on groping my butt for? You're like a perverted old man."
Haruto: "Sorry, err... well then..."
Riku: "Nh! Aah... th-that tickles..."
I went to stroke her hair and touched her ear, and she reacted more than she ever had previously.
Riku: "I was just surprised since you touched somewhere that has nothing to do with sex. Come on, Haruto-san, I think it'd be fine now... You can move."
I nodded and moved a little bit, just to shake her some.
Riku: "Phew... nnh... I can feel the... vibration... mmmh... gh... it's rubbing against me, slowly..."
Haruto: "Ahh... this is... way different than the first time... so this is what it feels like when you're wet..."
Riku: "True, it isn't painful... gh... my stomach feels kind of... floaty... maybe..."
Haruto: "Good?"
Riku: "Q-Quiet... Can you wipe that look of victory off your face...?"
She glared at me, but when I gave my hips a little thrust, she started moving hers as well.
Riku: "Mmh... haahh... you're touching me really deep inside... mmh, so this is... sex..."
Haruto: (I wonder if she's moving unconsciously... She'd probably get mad if I brought it up, so I think I'll keep quiet...)
Riku: "Mmh... I feel as if... you might have grown since last time... so we'll say you've advanced from awful to bad..."
Haruto: "Then I'll do as bad does..."
—Thrust, thrust, push, push!
Riku: "Fwahhh... if you shake me so much... mmh... mmh... no, someone will... hear my—!"
Riku: "Nnph—mmh?!"
Suddenly her arms were around my neck and she was kissing me.
Riku-chan's eyes were closed as if she was trying to hide something.
It was an adult kiss. Our tongues entwined, and it seemed to paralyze my mind.
Riku: "Please... just cum... You can cum inside of me..."
Haruto: "Ugh... Riku-chan, if you squeeze me that tight...!"
I wanted to enjoy every extra second I could with Riku-chan, but she was so tight around me that she pulled me closer to ejaculation.
Riku: "You don't have to hold back... I've enjoyed this a lot... it's enough... You can finish now..."
Haruto: "Kh—ah!"
Riku: "Mh... mh... Haruto-san, I'll squeeze it all out of you, in my deepest place..."
—Spurt! Spuuurt#! Sp-Sp-Spurt, spuuurt#! Spuuurt#!
Riku: "Mmh... mmmmmh...! ...Aahn, nnh, mmh, ngh! It's shooting into me... so hot...!"
Haruto: "Hahhh... ugh... this is too amazing...!"
It's really different when you cum inside. With every pulse, she moves around me, and every instant of pleasure feels like an eternity.
Riku: "...Aah... mmh... you came so much earlier... but you were still hiding all this semen... mmh, I don't have room for all this..."
Riku: "Haahh... fwaahh... it's so thick and sticky... what do you eat to build up this much...?"
Riku: "Could you... support me for a while...? I can't seem to hold myself up..."
Haruto: "...Think I've... gotten a little better?"
Riku: "......No, I think you've got a ways to go yet..."
Riku-chan leaned on me, burying her face in my chest as if to hide it from me.
I wanted to enjoy it a little more, but it wasn't a huge failure, so I think I'll wait for my next chance.
—After eating lunch, I suggested wandering around town for a bit, but Riku-chan shot that down.
She practically dragged me home, where I'm now sitting at a desk studying, a textbook and notebook open in front of me.
Maybe it's not quite right to say I'm studying. It's more correct to say that I'm being made to study.
Haruto: "......"
Riku: "......"
The room was silent, the only sound being the scratch of my pencil on notebook paper.
Haruto: "......"
Haruto: "...Uuuuuuugh."
Riku: "Imitating a siren?"
Haruto: "Uuuuuuuuuuuuugh!!"
When the workbook gave me a question I couldn't make heads or tails of, I reached the limit of my mental abilities.
Riku: "Would you please not raise your voice like that?"
Haruto: "Well I can't take any more...! I don't know all the names of the Tokugawa shoguns! I just know Ieyasu!"
Riku: "The second was Hidetada. You think Ieyasu lived for four hundred years?"
Haruto: "But Ieyasu's the only important one, right? Aren't the rest of them just riding on his coattails?"
Riku: "That's awfully rude. Though it is true that Hidetada was late to the battle at Sekigahara and almost cost them the victory."
Haruto: "See? The rest of 'em got nothing on Ieyasu."
Haruto: "So we should only have to remember one. Why do we have to learn the names of 15 people from the same family?"
Riku: "So you're just denying the study of history itself at this point. If you feel so strongly about it, why not just do a different subject?"
Haruto: "A different subject?"
Riku: "Like math."
Haruto: "No way, that's even worse! I can't even understand the {questions} there."
Riku: "If you insist on it like it's completely natural, you're just going to make me depressed."
Haruto: "Mmm, I just ate lunch, so I'm sleepy..."
Riku: "You don't want to study no matter what, huh?"
Haruto: "I do. I will. I will, but like, it'd be inefficient to do it now, or like, I wouldn't be able to get into it. So."
Riku: "So?"
Haruto: "I think I'll take a little nap. But I'll get back to it when I wake up!"
Riku: "......"
Her eyes said much more than her mouth, but I ignored them and planted my face on the desk.
Riku: "Haahh... well, that's fine with me. I'm going to go do a little shopping, then."
Haruto: "See youuu."
As I listened to her receding footsteps, I gave in wholeheartedly to the temptation of the sandman.
Riku: "Haruto-san, Haruto-san..."
Haruto: "Mmn... huh, Riku-chan...?"
Riku-chan stood before my eyes. But there was something strange about her.
Haruto: "Wait... those clothes..."
Her clothes were different. They were the clothes she'd worn during her work as the Collector.
Riku: "Haruto-san, this is very important, so please listen carefully. This is a dream."
Haruto: "A dreeeam?"
Riku: "That's right. Otherwise, it wouldn't make sense for me to be wearing these clothes, would it?"
Haruto: "Ahh, you're right... Huhhh, so it's a dreeeam..."
That must be why my head feels so fuzzy.
Haruto: "But why am I dreaming of you in that outfit...?"
Riku: "That's because you have lewd feelings for me in this outfit, Haruto-san."
Riku-chan said, lifting her knees up as she sat on the table.
Naturally, this exposed the contents of her skirt.
Haruto: "Gulp..."
Riku: "You can fulfill your desires."
Haruto: "C-Can I...?"
Riku: "In exchange, can you promise that you'll study harder when you wake up?"
Haruto: "I will, I will, I'll study!"
Riku: "You mean it? It's a promise."
Is a promise made in a dream a binding one?
Anyway, what's more important now is what I'm going to do with the Riku-chan in front of me.
Dreams always end suddenly.
Before that happens, I have to do what I need to—
Riku: "Ah... Haruto-san...! Don't you want to go back to your room first?"
Haruto: "Nah. It's a dream, so it won't matter if someone comes home. Actually, wanna go outside? It might feel really liberating."
Riku: "N-No, this is fine for me... So if you tell someone they're in a dream, they get this confident, huh..."
Her sexy Collector outfit showed off her pure-white cleavage to such an extent that it was almost blinding.
Haruto: "It'd be ruder not to fondle... your boobs, right, Riku-chan...?"
Riku: "Ah... mmfh... Haruto-san... mmh... haahh... nnh..."
They were the perfect size for the hand. Springy, but soft, pushing back as much as I groped.
Haruto: "Good... You're still cute in my dream... Are you more sensitive too...?"
Riku: "I-I might be enjoying this more than usual... haahh... go ahead and keep touching me there..."
She didn't try to hide her sweet moans or high-pitched voice, which was strange and new. Usually, she just glared at me when I talked to her, but now she was replying kindly.
Haruto: "It's kind of like... we're lovers."
Riku: "Huh? We're not?"
Haruto: "No, I mean, like regular lovers... I guess I'm just happy you're reacting like this, or something..."
Riku: "Mh, nh, why wouldn't I be excited when the person I love is touching my chest... You're special to me, Haruto-san..."
Her words went right to my heart. My penis swelled between us.
Riku: "! Pressing that hard thing against me... do you know where it's touching...?"
Haruto: "Where? I was aiming for... umm... your pussy..."
The fact that I was in a dream gave me the courage to say it without being afraid I'd get a slap.
Riku: "...!"
Twitch. Riku-chan gave a little tremble at my dirty mutter.
Riku: "W-With your... c-cock... Haruto-san?"
My heart throbbed when she responded with something similarly dirty. Even if it was a dream, I never expected to hear words like that from Riku-chan's mouth.
Riku: "Ah... you're hard again... rubbing... against my pussy... You like that, huh...?"
She was a little embarrassed, which made it even cuter. It made me really want to make her happy.
Haruto: "I like you when you're bold too, Riku-chan..."
Riku: "###! Haruto-san... I'm wet enough, and ready... You can come inside..."
Haruto: "Well, it's a dream... I wonder if, like... you'd beg for it..."
Riku: "......Beg...?"
I traced Riku-chan's slit to egg her on while she debated.
Riku: "Mmh... ah, ah, aaah... your rock-hard cock is hitting all my weak spots... nnh, if you keep that up...!"
Haruto: "You're so cute... I'd love to hear some more stuff you don't usually say... mmch."
Riku: "Mmmh#♪ Nh... n-no... my ears are dirty... don't lick them... nnh♪ Please don't suck on them like that...!"
Haruto: "There's nothing dirty about you, Riku-chan... ahh, you smell so good..."
While I was loving her ear with my lips, Riku-chan shuddered and then her own lips trembled as if giving in.
Riku: "Please, that's enough... just give me your dick..."
Haruto: "S-Sure..."
Riku: "Your cock, please give me your cock... Stop toying with me and thrust it into me... I want you to thrust so deep into me you reach my womb..."
This has got to be a dream. Riku-chan would die before saying something like that in reality.
Haruto: "Y-You can do better than that..."
Riku: "Th-The Collector's pussy is wet and waiting. Please ram your thick cock into me and make me a woman with your boiling-hot semen...!"
Haruto: "O-Okay... Wanting as he is, Mutsumi Haruto pledges to do his very best at this endeavor...!"
The guilt and depravity at all I'd made her say, as well as my embarrassment, pushed me to quickly place my erection at her wetness.
—Shlp, thruuust, slap!
Riku: "Ah—haaaahh#...♪ I can feel it... Mmfh, you're spreading me apart into your shape..."
Haruto: "Ugh... th-this feels... too good to be a dream...!"
Riku: "You're just imagining it... mmh, haahh#... we fit perfectly together... we've become one..."
I thought she'd been wet enough before, but feeling the way she was now made me realize how much was lacking those other times.
Riku: "Aahn...♪ I can feel you kissing me deep inside, ahh... can we stay like this for a little while...?"
Haruto: "Yeah... it feels really good just being inside you..."
Riku: "Ahh... it's the same for me... please hold me closer..."
While I enjoyed her soft skin, I adjusted our position. It made me so excited seeing the normally stout-hearted Riku-chan acting so maidenly.
Haruto: "I thought they were kind of pervy clothes the first time I saw them, but they're really amazing, seeing them like this."
Riku: "Thank you... You're the only one who can do what he wants with my pervy self, Haruto-san..."
I thought my mind might melt in this sweet time we shared. As she affirmed anything and everything I did, I felt a warm sensation emanating out from my core.
Haruto: "In real life, Riku-chan's never really satisfied because I suck so much."
Riku: "R-Right... I think you can be a little more confident, though. I'm sure in real life, I'm not being totally honest with you..."
Haruto: "Huh... mmh, ahh... even moving slow... it's so good I feel like I might melt..."
Riku: "Aahn♪ Ah, aaah♪ you're hitting all the right spots, mmh#, ah, aahn, mmh, mmmh#♪"
Her clear, porcelain-white skin began to flush moist and red.
I sucked in her rich, womanly pheromones with the air and was hit with a dizzying intoxication.
Riku: "Mmh... you can hear that, can't you... the way I'm, aahn♪, making these noises so naturally, it's because you're good at making me feel good, Haruto-san..."
Haruto: "Yeah... that makes me feel better..."
Riku: "Hey, Haruto-san... which do you like better... the me right now or the one in reality?"
Haruto: "Huh? How could I pick? I love all of you, Riku-chan... and you're Riku-chan either way..."
Riku: "Heheh... then I hope you enjoy this special situation. And say hello to the real me when you wake up, okay?"
I had both her boobs in my hands and pulled her closer to me, then sped up the movement of my hips.
Riku: "Hahh... ah, ah♪ Yes... aahn, it aches, aaah♪ You're hitting all the places that need you deep inside me...♪"
Riku: "You can thrust even harder... mmh, yes, ah, ahh♪ That's good, just ram it into me♪"
I shook my hips savagely. Riku-chan almost fell from the roughness, but I held her tight to me.
Riku: "Hahh, ah, ahhh#, I can hear it... my pussy is happy that your cock is inside it...♪"
Haruto: "R-Riku-chan... you're too sexy... can I do more...?"
Riku: "Mh, mh, aaah, hahh... ngh, I can take it... No, I want to. I want to feel more of you..."
I felt myself filling with strength. I hugged Riku-chan so hard she might break and felt myself reaching even greater heights.
Riku: "Fh, ngh, mmh#, you keep hitting, exactly where I want you to, right there, ah, I'm going to lose it...♪"
Riku: "Aaah#, nh, nnh#, no, nooo... your cock is so perfect for me, I don't think I'd be able to live without it, I love it, I love it, I love it...!"
Haruto: "I couldn't... live without you either, Riku-chan..."
Riku: "Yes, yes, I'm going to cum... Haruto-san... you too, let's cum together...!"
Haruto: "Ugh... ah, y-yeah...!"
I felt a torrent of pleasure that almost scared me.
Riku: "Ah, ah ah ah, mh mh mh, cum inside, in my pussy, ah ah, don't pull out, cum as much as you want, inside!"
Riku: "Nnh, ah, ah, aaah, I'm really c—nngh! I-I'm cumming, no, no, Haruto-san, Haruto-san!"
Riku: "Hyaaaaaahh! Nh! Mh! Naaaaaahn!!"
I almost passed out from how intense the orgasm was. The pleasure and the sound of the semen shooting out of me into her womb felt so strangely clear to me.
Riku: "Hahh... nnnnnh...! Mgh...! W-W-Wow... yes... haahh... I've never felt like this before..."
Haruto: "Ugh... this must really be a dream... It feels better than it does in real life... I feel like I might die..."
I felt like we'd become one in the true sense of the phrase. I kept cumming into her deepest place with my arms around her, melting together with Riku-chan.
Riku: "Haaahh...♪ Haaaahh...♪ My pussy came... Haruto-san... ahh, it's pouring into me...♪"
Haruto: "It's still c... uuugh..."
Riku: "...Gh, coming... ahh... I want to stay like this forever... in your arms..."
The pleasure gradually became a thing of the past, leaving behind a sweet aftertaste and a deep sense of fatigue.
Riku: "Haahh... haahh... it seems like... your cock was satisfied... I'm glad my pussy was enough for it..."
Haruto: "Thanks, Dream Riku-chan... I'll do my best to satisfy Real Riku-chan too."
Riku: "Yeah... I think my real self will accept you too..."
Haruto: "Haaahh... after cumming, I feel so good that I'm sleepy again..."
Riku: "Heheh... you're sleepy in a dream? That's so silly. Go ahead and rest... I'll clean up."
Haruto: "Haahh#... I love you, Riku-chan..."
Riku: "Yes, yes. You can keep hugging me, just close your eyes. And let's meet again in another dream...♪"
Feeling her soft skin with my whole body, I fell deep into the dream with a pleasant exhaustion all around me.
Haruto: "Fwahh... I slept really well..."
Riku: "You're finally awake. You're drooling."
I wiped my mouth with the tissue she handed me.
Riku: "I thought I heard you calling my name in your sleep. What were you dreaming about?"
Haruto: "What?! I-It was just a normal dream...! A dream where we were hanging out...!"
Riku: "I see. If we're together even in your dreams, you must really like me."
Riku-chan went silently through her workbook. I realized all of a sudden that her cheeks seemed a little more flushed than usual.
Haruto: "Huh? Riku-chan, is your face kinda red? You haven't caught a cold, have you...?"
Riku: "I'm fine. More importantly, if you're awake, please study. You promised, didn't you?"
Haruto: "I-I will! Okay, let's do this!"
Wait, but didn't I promise that to the dream Riku-chan...?
I checked Riku-chan's face one more time.
Her cheeks definitely looked a little red...
After school the next day.
The three of us, including Asahi, were out at the mall.
Asahi: "Hey, are you hungry? Let's get something to eat♪"
Haruto: "Sure, what do you want? Anything in particular, Riku-chan?"
Riku: "......"
Asahi: "Atorin?"
Riku: "No, I don't mind. Whatever you two want."
Asahi: "That's not right. You have to make a decision. There's no need for you to settle for what we want."
Riku: "...I suppose you have a point. I'd like some yakitori, then."
Asahi: "I want cotton candy. What about you, Haruto?"
Haruto: "Crepes, then. Oh, it's the same as before. I guess that's fine, though. It's what everyone wants."
Asahi: "That's right. What's important is what you want to do."
Riku: "What you want to do, huh?"
Asahi: "Okay, let's go! I wonder what we'll find first♪"
We walked on, Asahi and her brilliant smile leading us.
Riku-chan was next to me, looking pensive. She seemed the complete opposite of Asahi.
Haruto: "Is something wrong?"
Riku: "...I was just feeling a little jealous of Asahi-san."
She bounced along in front of us. Riku-chan went on as I watched her hair fly up and down in the air as she moved.
Riku: "I'm sure she never thinks twice about anything. If she was told she had the freedom to, she'd walk down the path she'd decided on without wavering once."
Riku: "She always chooses the right path, one that she won't regret. It's something I could never do."
Haruto: "That's not true."
Riku: "It's not?"
Haruto: "I don't think Asahi was like that from the beginning. She fumbled her way into what she is now."
Haruto: "She hasn't chosen the right path. There is no right path in the beginning. It's not like there are markers telling you which way you've chosen."
Haruto: "That's why all we can do is believe in the answer we've chosen and push on, trying not to regret that path we've taken."
Riku: "So that's how the people on the ground think."
Haruto: "It's how I do, at least. There are no right choices. And there's no point worrying about what other people think, right?"
Riku: "...You might be right."
Riku-chan let out a sigh and looked up.
Riku: "I've decided."
Haruto: "On what?"
Riku: "How to play at being free. A goal for the future, I suppose."
Haruto: "What is it? Let me hear."
Riku: "It's nothing serious, so please don't get so excited."
Riku-chan almost looked sheepish for the first time in her life. She muttered as if barely getting the words out, as she looked up at the sky:
Riku: "I think I'll become a doctor."
Haruto: "A doctor...?"
Unpleasant memories bubbled up when I heard that word.
It's a profession we've encountered several times in our lives.
Haruto: "Can I ask why?"
She had almost limitless possibilities, and I was curious about why she'd chosen that specific path.
Riku: "I don't have a lofty goal, like that I want to save lives."
Riku: "But I thought it wouldn't be wrong if I took responsibility for my choices."
It was just a small thing that was hard to describe, but it seemed to me like this was a decision Riku-chan had agonized about a little.
I was sure that her circumstances and her relationship with Akeno-san weren't uninvolved. There was probably a mire of emotions behind this.
But if it was the answer Riku-chan had come up with—
Asahi: "Hey, look at that, you two!"
Haruto: "What is it?"
There was a familiar arcade in front of where Asahi was stopped, her eyes twinkling.
On its corner was a cabinet that made the reason for Asahi's excitement clear.
Asahi: "It's fixed! Look Haruto, it's fixed!"
Haruto: "You're right. It's such an old machine; I can't believe it didn't get scrapped."
The photo booth that was broken when we came here some time ago had been repaired.
Asahi: "Haruto, Atorin!"
Asahi was so excited we didn't even have to wait for her to finish to figure out what she wanted.
Haruto: "Let's all get pictures. You're okay with that, right, Riku-chan?"
Riku: "Can you imagine her backing down if I said I wasn't?"
Asahi: "Come on, you two, hurry, hurry♪"
Asahi grabbed our hands and pulled us over to the cabinet.
Asahi: "Come over here more, Haruto."
Riku: "Excuse me, Haruto-san, where do you think you're touching, you deviant?"
Asahi: "N-No degeneracy, alright?!"
Haruto: "Wh-What do you want from me? It's really tight in here...!"
Riku: "Let's get this over with. There."
Haruto: "Riku-chan, what are you doing?"
Riku: "What do you mean? I'm getting this over with."
Haruto: "But you're touching a cat nose sticker on the cabinet..."
Riku: "......"
Asahi: "Looks like we can write on it too♪ What should we write?"
Riku: "May Haruto-san meet with misfortune."
Haruto: "What?! What did I do?!"
Asahi: "Heheh, we can't do that, Atorin. This is an important ritual, so we can't wish for misfortune."
Riku: "That's too bad."
Haruto: "What is?! Seriously, what did I do?!"
Asahi: "Get ready when I push the button. I'm almost done."
Haruto: "Okay! What should we do? Pose?"
Riku: "Pose? What's wrong with just being normal?"
Asahi: "But this is a special occasion! We have to give it our all!"
Haruto: "Asahi, we've got to give it Riku-chan's all too!"
Asahi: "Got it, leave it to me!"
Haruto: "Okay, should we shout 'yay'?"
Asahi: "No, let's do 'peace'!"
Riku: "Umm, does it matter..."
Haruto: "Of course it does! This is important!"
Asahi: "Yes, it definitely matters."
Riku: "U-Uh huh..."
Haruto: "I know, let's compromise and say 'pyay.'"
Asahi: "You're a genius!"
Riku: "P-Pyay..."
Haruto: "Okay, now that it's decided, we're out of time! Get ready!"
Asahi: "I'm ready!"
Haruto: "Let's go, then. Three, two, one!"
Asahi & Haruto: "Pyay♪"
"Pyay♪"
Riku: "Heheh—"
Haruto: "Wait, Riku-chan?! Did you just laugh?!"
Riku: "It was just your imagination."
Asahi: "I saw it! I saw Atorin's cute smile!"
Haruto: "Wh—I want to see too! How can I see the picture we just took?!"
Riku: "Whoops."
Haruto: "Aah?! The screen changed?!"
Asahi: "Don't panic, Haruto. She just pushed the print button, so the picture will be ready in a second."
Haruto: "Ph-Phew. Then I can look at—"
Riku: "It's not like it's such a rare thing."
Riku: "I'm sure you'll have plenty of chances to see it in the future."
Riku: "After all, you'll be with me tomorrow and the day after and all the years after that, won't you?"
Haruto: "Of course! We'll be together forever. No matter how tall the walls that stand before us—"
Asahi: "—I'm sure we'll overcome them. We're partners, after all, aren't we?"
Nothing about the future is set in stone.
We'll have to walk the perilous path known as freedom, facing all the difficulties it presents us.
Still, I believe we can overcome them.
Because even if we lose our wings and can't fly in the sky anymore—we know how to walk on the earth.
====================O001.TXT====================
After class, I was walking down the hall when I saw a familiar face coming toward me.
Haruto: "Riku-chan, you done with class too?"
Riku: "Yes, I was just on my way to meet with you two."
Haruto: "Let's head to see Asahi together, then."
I met up with Riku-chan and we headed for Asahi's classroom.
Riku: "Come to think of it, where were we going today?"
Haruto: "Probably just wandering around town like usual."
Riku: "I see. I've got plans in the evening today, so I'll have to duck out early."
Haruto: "Got it. What kinda plans?"
Riku: "I'll tell you and Asahi-san later."
She has to tell us together? What could it be...?
We arrived at the classroom.
Asahi was chatting with a friend in her seat near the window.
Female Student: "I thought you were going to be a total weirdo, Rikudou-san, but you're actually pretty fun. You're like, what is it, denpa?"
Asahi: "Denpa? I'm not sure what you mean, but I won't shock you or anything."
Female Student: "Ahaha, see what I mean? Oh, isn't that your boyfriend over there?"
She was fitting in with her classmates now in a way that she hadn't used to, and I kind of wanted to observe for a little longer.
But as soon as she noticed us, Asahi headed right over.
Asahi: "Harutooo♪"
Haruto: "Whoa!"
I caught her when she leapt at me.
Asahi: "You came to get me! Yay♪"
Asahi: "We're gonna go hang out today, right? Let's do it♪"
Haruto: "Weren't you talking to a friend? Is that okay?"
Asahi turned around in my arms as if she'd forgotten about it until I mentioned it.
The girl Asahi had been talking to was waving with a wry smile on her face.
Riku: "'Do that somewhere else,' would be my interpretation."
I realized then that the rest of the class was looking at us too.
It was best to follow her suggestion and head elsewhere, I thought.
Haruto: "Studying abroad?!"
I was so surprised by hearing this revelation at the ramen shop that the noodles almost escaped from my mouth.
Riku: "Yes, studying abroad."
Haruto: "Studying abroad, what is it?!"
Riku: "It's when you stay in a foreign country and learn both academics and about that nation's culture."
Haruto: "But that's not important right now!"
She'd be studying abroad soon. That's what Riku-chan had told us, and we clearly had very different feelings about the announcement.
Asahi: "Atorin, you're leaving the country...?"
Riku: "That would follow, yes."
Haruto: "Wh-Why so suddenly?!"
Riku: "It's not sudden. I've been thinking about this for a long time."
Riku-chan carried on, composed.
Riku: "Magic's gone, and the world has changed. I don't know what I want to do in it now."
Riku: "I feel like I can't leave the answer to this question so vague."
Haruto: "So you're studying abroad...?"
Riku: "Yes. I figured I wouldn't be able to find even a hint if I did nothing."
Haruto: "...But..."
"Then the three of us won't be able to be together like this." I swallowed the words just before they left my mouth.
Asahi: "...So that's the path you've decided on, Atorin."
I'd determined that the only thing I could do was endure, but Asahi was already several steps ahead of me.
Asahi: "We'll support you, then. It'll be lonely without you, but even separated, we're still partners."
There's nothing that never changes. Even if you try to stay in the same place, the world will keep moving around you.
What we need isn't the stubbornness to deny change, but the strength to accept it.
Riku-chan left early, saying that she had to prepare for her trip. After seeing her off, Asahi and I began walking together.
Haruto: "In a week... It's really sudden..."
Asahi: "Yes, but there's nothing we can do. If you need to do something, you should start at it right away."
Haruto: "...Will you be alright without Riku-chan, Asahi...?"
Asahi: "...I'll miss her, but it makes me happier to see her working toward something."
Asahi: "If she has the determination to face this, all we can do is send her off with a smile."
Asahi: "And then be there for her when she comes back. That's it."
Haruto: "Hm... Yeah... It's not like we'll never see her again. We can probably still talk..."
I was surprised at this sudden revelation, but I'd finally calmed down and felt like I had an idea about what to do now.
Haruto: "Let's throw her a going-away party, then. We should celebrate the beginning of her journey."
Asahi: "That's a great idea! I bet Atorin'll love it too!"
Asahi: "...But what exactly do you do at a going-away party? I've never been to one before, so I don't know."
Haruto: "You have a meal and give them presents and stuff."
Asahi: "Then you'll be in charge of the food. I can get the present♪"
Haruto: "Alright. Let's start getting ready right away, then. We can go look for a present right now."
There's no time to stand around hesitating about this. Now that we've decided to do something, we have to act as soon as possible.
We wandered around town, searching for a present Riku-chan would like.
But we couldn't just find the perfect thing, of course. We walked along agreeing again and again that each potential present we found just wasn't good enough.
In the end, we never found just the right thing and ended up stopping in the park to rest our tired legs.
Haruto: "Haahh, what the heck should we get for her..."
Haruto: "The first thing that comes to mind is like, flowers or something..."
Asahi: "That won't work. They wouldn't last. It's important that it remains in the same form forever."
Haruto: "This is hard... Oh!"
I spotted a shop just outside the park.
Haruto: "Wait here for a sec. I'll be right back."
Asahi: "What's that?"
Haruto: "Taiyaki. You've gotta have sweets when your brain's worn out."
I took one of the pastries I'd just bought out of the paper bag and handed it to Asahi.
Asahi: "Thanks. They look really good."
Haruto: "I got the last ones. We got lucky."
Asahi: "They must be popular to sell out this early."
Haruto: "Well, and the girl in front of me said she was gonna buy everything they had left..."
Asahi: "Everything...?! Who was she? An invader from the planet Taiyaki?"
Haruto: "I dunno. I managed to negotiate for two of them at least, but she told me, like, 'you've entered the territory of death. No ordinary citizens allowed.'"
Something about the girl had reminded me of Riku-chan. After that, she'd disappeared, both arms filled with paper bags.
Asahi: "She really was from the planet Taiyaki, eh? She's fairly important there, I'm sure."
Haruto: "If she likes taiyaki that much and she still gave us some, we should be grateful, huh?"
Thanks, girl from the planet Taiyaki. The taiyaki you gave up for us are really good.
Asahi: "Mmg, mmg... so sweet. Yum."
We'd just had ramen for lunch, but the taiyaki was the perfect size for my stomach.
Haruto: "Let's rest a little more, then go do some more present-hunting."
Asahi: "Mm, okay."
I leaned back on the bench and gazed out at the scenery.
There was barely anyone around. Besides us, there was just another couple sitting on a bench like we were.
I didn't really mean anything by it, but I found myself observing the couple from a distance.
I could tell they were close just by watching them. The woman wrapped her arm around the man's shoulders and...
Haruto: "Ah..."
The distance between them disappeared. They exchanged passionate kisses again and again as if to reaffirm the sensation of their lips on each other.
I got embarrassed watching them and averted my eyes. What I found was Asahi's bright-red face as she voraciously observed the couple herself.
Haruto: "A-Asahi...?"
Asahi: "Wh-What?!"
Haruto: "N-No, uh, nothing..."
Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "......"
We were both plenty embarrassed by then and found each other lost for words.
There was nothing to break the silence, so we both sat there for a bit until Asahi buried her face in my chest.
Asahi: "I always thought you shouldn't do degenerate things, but..."
Asahi: "We've done those things here and there... and now, I sometimes get this incredible urge to do them..."
Asahi: "Is that strange...?"
Haruto: "...It's not strange."
She pressed against me and I felt something soft.
The things I'd done with Asahi in the past came back to me and my heart rate quickened.
Asahi: "Ah..."
Asahi seemed to notice something and made a small noise in response. I found the source of her surprise right away when I followed her eyes.
Haruto: "Erm... this is, like, out of my control, or uh..."
With my nether regions so enthusiastic, there was no excuse I could give that would have any weight.
Asahi: "This is the thing where it explodes, isn't it..."
Haruto: "I'm sorry..."
Asahi: "......"
Asahi gave me a pensive look, her face bright red.
Asahi: "...I'll help you out. It's my job, after all."
With the double-whammy of her upturned eyes looking my way and that soft sensation against me, I found myself not strong enough to turn down her suggestion.
Asahi: "...We'll be okay around here. Nobody will find us."
Haruto: "But do you really think we should be doing it outside...?"
Asahi: "There's no time for that. Come on, hurry up."
Getting on all fours, Asahi bent forward and thrust her butt out at me.
Asahi: "H-Haruto, you can't stare too much, okay..."
Haruto: "I'm feeling a little bit more collected now. What do you want to do in that pose?"
Asahi: "Let me explain, just in case somebody walks by. First, I'll pretend I'm feeling bad."
Haruto: "O-Okay. And then?"
Asahi: "You say, 'hold on, Asahi!' and bend over me."
Asahi: "That way anything embarrassing will be hidden by you, and the passerby will think you're helping me. It's a good idea, right?"
Haruto: "I'd be fine with you using your mouth like you usually do..."
Asahi: "Were you listening? If we did that, we'd make noise, wouldn't we? We can't let people find us. Just trust me Haruto, this is the safest way."
Her butt wiggled. As if in invitation.
She said it was safe, but I felt myself getting dangerously harder by the moment.
Haruto: (I think it's much harder to hide doing it outside, but...)
I pulled her underwear down and touched her skin and Asahi's face turned bright red.
Asahi: "H-Hey, Haruto, stop that! Don't mind me, just concentrate on making your dick better."
Haruto: "Ah, okay... then... Huh? You mean I can put it in already?"
Asahi: "Huh?! What do you think you're saying? O-Of course not! Of course you can't! You degenerate!"
Haruto: "What?!"
Asahi: "What are you thinking, Haruto? The Haruto I know isn't like that! Give me back my Haruto!"
I was confused and Asahi was freaking out, but I didn't know of anything to do in this position but sex.
Haruto: "Alright, I'll give him back! I'll give back Haruto, so be quiet! There, there."
Asahi: "Mm... My nice Haruto's back... Welcome back, Haruto♪"
Baffled, I stroked the butt thrust out in front of me and Asahi calmed down.
Asahi: "...Here. Look at me and do it yourself."
Haruto: (So that's what she meant...!!)
Asahi: "You can touch me a little bit. I'll do whatever it takes to help you feel good."
True, like this, if someone peeked at us, we could fix our clothes quickly enough, and it wouldn't be too bad to masturbate looking at my beloved Asahi's butt.
But, I'm not sure how to put it... This position really does a number on my nether regions.
Asahi: "Ugh#... H-Haruto, hurry up. M-Masturbate to me... Do it..."
Haruto: "...! A-Asahi... I get that sex is dangerous. So..."
Asahi: "Huh—Aah, it's hard... Y-You can't touch me with that, Haruto... this isn't... ngh! Haah...!"
Haruto: "It's fine, it's fine. I'll just move against you, so it won't make any noise."
Asahi: "B-But... ugh... it's so hot, Harutooo... You'll burn me with that...!"
Haruto: "Haahh#... it's so soft. This feels great..."
Asahi: "I-Is it really that good...? You think it'll go faster if you rub against my butt...?"
Haruto: "Yeah, a-and, if somebody sees us, we can just say I was giving you a massage!"
Asahi: "A massage...? Mmn... A dick massage... Okay, if somebody sees us, we can say I was using my butt to help you calm down your dick..."
Obtaining her permission, I rubbed against her soft butt.
Asahi: "Nh, fh... H-Haruto, it's wet... Ah, it's wet and sliding against my butt... Your dirty feelings are coming out, huh..."
Haruto: "Yeah... Your butt's really cute, so I'm getting wet..."
Asahi: "I-It's going well, then... Ugh... We really shouldn't be doing this, but if it's working, then I guess we have to..."
I was well-aware of my own weak points. Since I was borrowing Asahi's butt yet basically masturbating, I could stimulate my sensitive areas and quickly start secreting pre-cum, making it even easier to slide over her.
I held my cock like a brush that had been dipped in ink and drew a circle on Asahi's butt.
Asahi: "Fh... mmh... H-Hey... You're doing something weird, Haruto... Stop it... My butt's not omelet rice..."
Haruto: "Guess what I'm writing."
Asahi: "Mhh, haahh... o-okay... then start at the beginning..."
Swish, swish, swish, swish, swish!
Asahi: "'I'... 'L'... 'O'... 'V'... 'E'... I love...? I love... 'H'... 'A'... 'R'... 'U'... 'T'... 'O'... Augh! D-Don't write something so embarrassing!"
Asahi: "I mean, of course I love you, but... but this isn't fair!"
Haruto: "Sorry, sorry."
Asahi getting all flustered was so cute I started moving my brush once more.
Asahi: "Nh, hot...! Uhh... 'V'... 'A'... 'G'—! That's degenerate! I told you we can't do that outside!"
In other words—she'd guessed that I was trying to convey "can I put it in?" but I was denied, of course.
Haruto: "It's not really enough to just rub it against your butt anymore so I'll just borrow this..."
Asahi: "Heh... wh— wh-wh-wh-what are you doing?"
Asahi: "Nh, you c—huh? You're not putting it in... You fit right in my underwear there. I'm really surprised."
Haruto: "I knew it... This valley here is the perfect size for me..."
I pushed Asahi's white peaches together from either side.
Asahi: "Haah, don't push so hard... Hahh, m-my butt... it's wrapped around your penis... I never said anything about this!"
Her butt was incredibly soft, and though this was something we'd never experienced before, her cheeks wrapped around me like breasts, giving me some nice stimulation.
Asahi: "Mmfh#, nngh, n-no... this is so weird... ah, nooo, if you rub that low..."
Haruto: "It's dripping wet down there..."
Asahi: "###, don't say that... I-I'm trembling because... you're doing something so mean to me..."
The thin cloth became wet with our passion and gave us an even stronger sense that we were sticking together.
Asahi: "You're rubbing against me... on the outside... ah! Your tip almost just went in...!"
We were absorbed in the act, hiding from others' eyes. I traced a line from her back to her front, smearing my Cowper's fluid against her as I went.
Asahi: "This is... ngh... making the same degenerate noises it does when I suck on it... we can't do this... come on, stop..."
Haruto: "Asahi, somebody might be nearby. Stay quiet."
Asahi: "Huh...?! Mgh... mmm#, haahh... mhaah..."
There wasn't really any sign of anyone nearby, but I needed Asahi to start enjoying this too so that she wouldn't cut me off in the middle.
Asahi: "Hahh... mmmh, n-no one's there, right? Hagh, c-come on, Haruto... You're pushing too hard against me..."
Haruto: "You just feel too good... I can't help but move this fast..."
Asahi: "Th-That's fine, but... nh, h-hey, you... weren't about to put it in there, were you...? Ah, there it is again! You're not doing this on purpose, are you...?"
Haruto: "Well... what about... just the tip? I wanna enjoy the feeling of going a just a little bit into the entrance..."
Asahi: "Y-You can't... Why are you thinking things like that? We're outside, Haruto! Think this through again."
I feel like it's not that much different if we're already going this far, but Asahi's being unexpectedly inflexible.
Haruto: "You're really wet here, Asahi... Oh, I might slip inside..."
Asahi: "Ugh, ugh#... if you do any more, it'll go in... Nnh, the soft part of your dick is all wet... Half of it is... going in and out...!"
Squelch, squelch... squelch... squelch... If I changed my angle and thrust in a tiny bit, I'd be right inside paradise.
Haruto: "Asahi... I love you... please..."
Asahi: "No... it'll make noise if you put it in... and I will too... put it away... put your dick away..."
I stroked her butt and breathed heavily as I asked, but Asahi just wouldn't let me.
Haruto: "I'm almost there just rubbing against you... so if I put it in and move, I bet this'll be over right away... okay?"
Asahi: "Uuugh... ugh#...... F-Fine... Stupid Haruto..."
I pleaded with her, pushing my penis against her entrance doggedly, and she finally agreed after hemming and hawing a bit.
Haruto: "Thanks, Asahi... I'm putting it in."
Squish, squishhh...... thwp!
Asahi: "Hgh... ah... aaaahn#♪ There it is...!"
Haruto: "Ahhh... it's so hot inside you... this is great..."
Rubbing against her had served as our foreplay, so that she was now dripping and hot inside.
Asahi: "Haahh... haahh... someone's going to find us... hurry up... rub against me and let out your dirty semen inside me...!"
I'd already enjoyed every inch of Asahi's butt and between her legs and I felt like I'd finish as soon as I moved.
Asahi: "Mmmh, you're... getting bigger inside me... mmh! Naaah... this position lets you... get really deep in me, again and again..."
Haruto: "Yeah... it's easy to move... I bet I'll cum right away..."
Asahi: "Nh, ah, ah, ah! This angle, hnh, you're getting, all of my weak spots, I'm going to, go crazy...!"
She sucked at me, her walls holding me in when I tried to pull out.
Asahi: "Hnh, mmh, mmmh#, Ha'utooo...♪ If you keep thrusting into me, I-I won't be able to keep my voice down...♪"
Haruto: "That's fine... I like hearing your voice when you're enjoying yourself... It's exciting..."
Asahi: "No... M-My embarrassing voice... it's only for you, Haruto... I want you to be the only one who hears it...!"
Haruto: "Oh... Yeah... Now that I think about it, I don't really want anyone else to see you like this either..."
I grabbed her hips and started enjoying her wet passageway in short bursts in order to finish.
Asahi: "Fh... ah, aah#♪ Ah, haaahh♪ Harutooo, I'm gonna cum, nnhaanh♪"
My cock tingled sweetly in joy and I knew my patience was starting to run out.
Haruto: "Can I just cum inside...?"
Asahi: "Yeah... Do it, inside... Otherwise someone will hear your dirty feelings... I want to be the only one to hear it spurting out...!"
Receiving permission to cum inside, I felt the urge rocketing up at once.
Asahi: "Haruto... think you can... squirt your semen... your dirty stuff into me? Can your dick cum in my vagina?"
Haruto: "Yeah... I'm... cumming!"
Asahi: "Ah, ah, ah, mh, mh, mh, mh, Ha'uto, naaahn, inside it's, squeezing, that feels good, Ha'uto...♪"
Asahi: "Nh, nnnh, come, I'm ready, so come, inside, squirt it...♪"
—Squiiirt! Squiiiiirt, squiiiirt, squiiiiiiirt#!!
Asahi: "Mmmmmfh#! Fgh!! Fngh...! Mmfh......!!"
I ended up releasing my sperm inside Asahi after all, as I watched her endure her orgasm, biting her lip.
Asahi: "Hagh, ugh—wow... mmgh... you're jumping around inside me... mgh, fhh, my vagina's really happy about it... it's squeeeezing and feels really good..."
Asahi: "Mmmfh... mmfh... it's squirting, mh... your rich, lively sperm... they're swimming deep into me... haaahh... I'm going to melt..."
Haruto: "Ngh... ah...... Asahi..."
I kept holding Asahi's hips, trembling in my pleasure and letting the semen rushing out of me do as it pleased.
Asahi: "Mmh... yum... my vagina is swallowing it... Haahh#...♪ Ahn... you can't thrust while you're cumming...♪"
I stirred around inside her after releasing all my sperm, trying to let the pleasure sink into every part of me.
Haruto: "Hahh... Asahi... Asahi!"
Asahi: "Aah...♪ Ah...♪ Ah...♪ It's over, Haruto... Haruto, it's done with..."
Haruto: "Done... Ahh... yeah, it felt so good, I almost didn't notice..."
I relaxed when a pleasant fatigue came over me and started taking deep breaths.
Asahi: "...Your dirty feelings... there was so much of them... you had so much stocked up... Haruto... it must have hurt, huh..."
Asahi: "Does it not hurt anymore? You won't explode anymore?"
Haruto: "Yeah, I'll be fine for now."
Asahi: "You'll have to tell me when you're close to exploding sooner from now on. It'd be terrible if I didn't notice fast enough and something like this happened again."
Haruto: "Let's wipe up what got out and take a little break."
Asahi: "Yeah... Hey, Haruto... I don't hate doing this stuff with you, so..."
Haruto: "I'll ask when I'd like you to help me out."
Asahi: "...Okay. Don't hesitate to."
Asahi was so cute when blushing and hanging her head. I felt really grateful for the peace we currently had.
Haruto: "I'm home!"
I opened the door and notified the household of my return, but there was no response from inside.
Haruto: "Come to think of it, Dad and Hina aren't here tonight, are they?"
Dad was on a one-week business trip and Hina was staying over at Fiona-san's place.
Haruto: "Well, guess I'll get dinner ready."
Asahi: "Then I'll start taking care of the laundry that's piling up."
Haruto: "Alright, I'll get dinner ready so we can eat when the laundry's done."
Asahi: "Sounds good♪"
We split up and starting doing the housework.
I think we're finally starting to get used to things lately.
It's been about a month since Asahi started living here with us.
It started with Dad being concerned about her, since she was originally living alone with no relatives.
So I said, "What if she lived here, then?"
And my wish was granted without much opposition at all.
Hina was enthusiastic about Asahi living with us too, so now the two of us are living under one roof.
Asahi: "Haruto, laundry's done."
She seems to feel indebted to us, and goes about the chores very proactively.
I told her not to worry too much about it, but she's still pumped up about doing what she can.
Haruto: "I'm done too. Take a seat at the table."
She still needs a lot of practice cooking though, so I'm pretty much in charge of it. I don't intend on giving up my seat as head chef anytime soon.
Asahi: "Yaaay, it's omelet rice♪ Haruto's omelet rice♪"
Haruto: "It's not omelet rice yet! Here."
I took the ketchup out of the refrigerator.
Asahi: "Let me do it♪ I'll write your name on yours, Haruto♪"
Asahi: "You write mine, okay♪"
Haruto: "Sure thing!"
Asahi: "Hmm hmm hmm♪"
Asahi put the ketchup on my omelet rice, humming as she wrote.
Haruto: "There! They've both got names now."
Asahi: "Heheh, they're tastier like this♪"
Haruto: "Are we ready, then?"
Asahi: "Yep, let's do it."
Pair: "Thanks for the food♪"
"Thanks for the food♪"
We relaxed after that, our stomachs full.
I was waxing up the glove I use to play catch with my dad.
Asahi was sitting quietly and reading a book.
There was silence between us. But it wasn't a sad silence. There are things you can share without using words.
Haruto: "Oh, come to think of it."
I opened my mouth after recalling something.
Haruto: "What did you buy when we stopped at the mall? Did you find a good present?"
After eating our taiyaki at the park, we'd gone to the mall to search for a present for Riku-chan.
We hadn't found anything, but I remembered Asahi having a paper bag in her arms when we left.
Asahi: "Yeah, I saw something that I thought would look good on Atorin, so I just bought it."
She took the bag out and inside of it was—
Haruto: "U-Underwear...?!"
Asahi: "Yeah. Atorin wears undies like this, so I thought she'd like them."
Haruto: "R-Really?!"
Riku-chan looks so demure, but she's actually pretty daring...
Asahi: "Staaare..."
Haruto: "Wh-What..."
Asahi: "I feel like you're thinking something bad."
Haruto: "Y-You're just imagining it, haha..."
Asahi's intuition is as good as ever...
Haruto: "Wait, but there's a hole in those."
Asahi: "Oh, you're right. Did the moths get at them or something?"
I saw that there was a big hole in the crotch of the underwear and got a bad feeling about them.
Haruto: "...What kind of store did you buy those from...?"
Asahi: "A place selling underwear and stuff. Like toys, I guess. For adults, they said."
Asahi, ohmigosh, that's a sex shop!
What would happen if I gave this to Riku-chan?
I'd be branded a pervert and looked at coldly for the rest of my life.
We can't give her these......
But it's kind of a waste just to throw them away.
If we're just going to throw them away, then maybe we should...
Haruto: "...Hey, Asahi, you want to try those on?"
Asahi: "Huh...?"
Haruto: "I don't think we should give them to Riku-chan. It could cause... problems."
Haruto: "So I was thinking, maybe, like, you should just wear them, Asahi..."
Asahi: "......"
Asahi: "...But... there's a hole in them..."
Haruto: "...Yeah, there's a hole in them, isn't there?"
Asahi: "......"
Haruto: "......"
Asahi: "W-Well, if you want me to..."
Her face bright red, Asahi lifted up the hem of her skirt.
Asahi: "Ugh... It feels weird showing you them like this..."
I carefully observed as Asahi lifted her skirt up right to the point where I could start to see beneath it.
Asahi: "Hey, Haruto, can I ask you something?"
Haruto: "Ask me anything."
Asahi: "Why do you have to look at my underwear too, and not just the ones I bought?"
Haruto: "Well, we won't know for sure unless we compare them, right?"
Asahi: "Mmm... You want to see them, Haruto?"
I gave Asahi a sharp nod as she bit her finger in embarrassment.
Asahi: "Then... I'll do it, for you, Haruto. There!"
These were her cute, everyday underwear. The fabric was neither thin nor thick. They looked exactly like the sort of underwear Asahi would wear, and I'd seen them plenty of times before.
Haruto: "It's cute. I think it's nice. These are the ones you've been wearing all day today, right?"
Asahi: "Th-That's so degenerate! You're creeping me out, Haruto! I can't believe you!"
Haruto: "I-It's just important for us to compare them."
Asahi: "I get it! I get it, so move your face away!"
Haruto: "O-Okay. I've burned them into my retinas, so try on the present ones?"
Asahi: "H-Haruto...? I put them on..."
Haruto: "Mhm. Asahi, stand up straight. If you're hiding them, I can't see them."
Asahi: "...But they're..."
Haruto: "If you're embarrassed about them, how are you going to give them to Riku-chan?"
Asahi: "You're right... that's a good point. Okay... it's only you, Haruto. I'm fine with you seeing..."
Asahi: "Now... tell me what you think..."
Her adult underwear was exposed. It was a sexy design composed entirely of frilly strings and ribbons.
They were so different from the ones she was just wearing that they seemed extra alluring, since they were so unexpected on her.
Haruto: "They're powerful. If there's such a thing as lucky panties, then these are super lucky... Very good. Such an impossible combination makes it even better."
Asahi: "Okay, but they don't need to look good on me. What about Atorin?"
Haruto: "Riku-chan's got a bit more meat on her around the hips, so I bet they'd dig in a little more, which would look really good. I think they'd suit her."
Asahi: "Haruto... I didn't know you were such an aficionado."
Haruto: "How do they feel?"
Asahi: "How do... Well, a part that's supposed to be there isn't, so they're kinda breezy, which makes me nervous. They're not really suited for everyday use at all."
A precise, serious response. She was so calm I got nervous this would be over all of a sudden, so I kept talking.
Haruto: "Well anyway, we should, you know, see what they're like... You never know, they could be a defective product that should never have left the store."
Asahi: "You're really serious about this, Haruto... Okay. I should just hold my skirt up so it's easier for you to check?"
Haruto: "Yeah, if you just stay put, I'll give them a good look."
She straightened her back, which emphasized her cute little perky breasts, and her wide stance gave her an impression of confidence.
Haruto: "I see... they're really sexy when you put them on like this... the shape of your butt looks really good too..."
Asahi: "Ugh... I can feel your eyes on me from a full 360-degree-angle..."
The contrast between the salacious slit in the panties and the purity of Asahi's lips peeking out from it really gave the ensemble an irresistible charm.
She was like a girl trying on her mother's underwear to seem like more of an adult, which gave the image a good deviant touch.
Haruto: "I think I'm gonna have to touch them directly to check them out properly..."
Asahi: "What! You have to do all that...?"
Touching the thin cloth clinging so close to her would be just like touching Asahi's own soft skin.
Haruto: "You know... you can do all sorts of stuff through this hole here... We should try it out."
I was enchanted by her image from this angle, and I couldn't stay quiet about it.
Asahi: "Eek... Haruto... the hole's right where... my vagina is... s-so you'll end up touching... mmh♪"
Pat, pat. I stroked her cute little mound and gave my love to the slit underneath it.
Asahi: "Aah... That doesn't... have anything to do with the underwear...! Hahh, aaah... but, you're right... we're checking out... how these work, aren't we... mmh, haahh...♪"
She leaned forward as if having to endure something, which caused her butt to rise and her underwear to hide from me.
Haruto: "Asahi, if you don't stand up straight, I can't check them properly."
Asahi: "M-Mm... Sorry... Like this?"
Asahi planted her feet and stood as tall as her petite frame would allow, enduring the pleasure my caresses were giving her.
Haruto: "Just stay there..."
I pushed my finger into her up to the second knuckle and pressed against her walls as if trying to loosen her up a bit.
Asahi: "Ee... ahh, you're..."
Squelch, squelch, squelch, squelch.
Asahi: "—Aahh! Aaah, aah, aaah♪"
Asahi shuddered—and almost fell over.
Haruto: "Whoa, Asahi...?!"
Asahi: "Haahh... I-I'm fine... See? I'm standing on my own feet... I'll be okay... so keep going..."
She told me to continue, her skirt still held up, so I moved my finger once again against her hot, wet walls—squeeelch♪
Asahi: "Hnnnh♪ Haah, ah, ah, ah, aaah#♪"
The pleasure bent her waist and a clear fluid dropped down her thigh to her knee.
Asahi: "Ah, aaah#...♪ Nhaahh, fh... mh#... mmmmh#...♪"
Haruto: (I kinda feel... like I've gotten a really good show already... but if we've come this far, we might as well...)
Asahi: "Nnh... ah... you pulled your finger out..."
Haruto: "Asahi... mmch... llp..."
I sucked up the fluid behind her knee with my lips and then licked all the way up her thigh like an ice cream cone in the summertime.
Asahi: "Hnnh... the stuff that came out of me... you're... mmfh... l-licking... there too...?"
I put my lips against her alluring entrance, then pulled them away and kissed behind her other knee.
Asahi: "! Aah... ugh... that's..."
I ran my tongue up her thigh again and gazed at her after taking a deep breath.
Asahi shivered feverishly and looked down at me uneasily.
Haruto: "...Thanks, I'm done checking them. They don't seem defective. You can take them off now."
Asahi: "Haruto... you're going to stop now...?"
Her poor wet little lips trembled as if they wanted to say something. Our hot gazes locked on each other and I waited for Asahi to say something. Her face was bright red.
Asahi: "No... Haruto... Keep going...... H-Harutooo... Harutooo... keep going..."
Haruto: "Where do you want me to do it?"
Asahi: "...Here... Do it here... Do it... Do it here... Please..."
She rubbed her thighs together like she was resisting the urge to urinate and looked at me with eyes full of embarrassment.
Haruto: "Here...?"
I poked my tongue at the spot right between her clit and her slit.
Asahi: "—Hyaaanh♪ There, right there...♪ That's great...♪ Do more..."
Asahi was so cute twisting her hips and begging for more. I couldn't help gulping.
Haruto: "Then we'll be done with the underwear-checking now and I'll just do what you want me to from now on, Asahi."
Asahi: "Yeah, tease... my vagina... with your tongue. Lick it, like I do with your dick, and suck on it..."
Propelled by her pleading tone, I stuck my tongue out as far as I could and tasted all of her that I could reach.
Asahi: "Hannh, nh, mmmmh#! I've never felt like this before...♪ Lick me more, please...!"
Haruto: "You're so cute, Asahi. Licking you isn't nearly enough."
Squelch... squelch, squelch, squelch.
Asahi: "Nnh...! Nh... haahh...♪ Your tongue... it's inside me... hannh♪ it's like a little dick... it's moving around inside... aahh, that feels so good..."
I licked her little pink bean too and her moans almost became screams.
Slurp, slurrrp, slurrrrrrrp!
Asahi: "Hnnh, hyaah...♪ don't s- don't suck it...♪ it's embarrassing when you make so much noise...♪"
Haruto: "I can't... stop it from making noise... Do you want me to quit...?"
Asahi: "No...♪ Haahh... do more... haah... it feels good... it feels really good... down there... it feels great...♪"
Her lower half trembled. When I saw her bravely supporting her knees so that they wouldn't buckle, I started to get the urge to tease her.
Asahi: "Hyaaanh♪ N-No, Haruto, nh, nnh♪ Not there... hgh, it's too much, I can't keep standing!"
Haruto: "Is that about all you can take?"
Asahi: "Ah, ahh♪ It feels so good... but... nh, it's not enough... It feels all sticky sweet, but it's not enough..."
Haruto: "...Asahi, is this what you want?"
Asahi: "Hahhh...♪"
At my voice, Asahi's eyes wandered, eventually settling on my bulging crotch.
Asahi: "Your pants are about to burst. That looks painful... Yeah, I want it. A little one's not enough... it only hits the shallow parts, not deep in..."
Haruto: "So you want me to get in deep."
Asahi: "Yeah... I want you to thrust deep into me... push into me and kiss me deep, deep inside with your dick."
With Asahi's cute pleading, her other mouth opened wide and dripped love juice.
Asahi: "Here... Right in here... plug me up with your erect penis... Fill up my heart..."
Asahi looked like an angel with her arms spread, and she weighed about as much as one's wings as I picked her up and brought her to the bed.
Asahi: "Hyanh! You're on top of me, Haruto...♪ Fill me up just like that... Your penis is the perfect size to fill all the holes in my heart..."
Haruto: "I think it'll go right in like this... mh..."
Slip... squish, squiiiiish!"
Asahi: "AAAaaaah#... there it is... hahh... this makes me... so happy..."
There wasn't a tense muscle in Asahi's body. She was completely relaxed, inviting me inside.
Asahi: "Haahh... I love when you hold me tight like this... I can tell that you love me... Haruto...♪"
Haruto: "Asahi..."
Asahi: "Mmch... kissh... Hammh... mmmh... Ha'uto, kissh... my head's all foggy... haph, mmph, mmch..."
Asahi: "More... mh, an adult kiss that won't lose to the underwear... mmch... lllp, llp... I'll suck your spit... mmph, mmmph...♪"
Our saliva drew a line between us. This passionate time makes the bond between us stronger, and I can tell exactly what Asahi's thinking from her gestures and expressions.
"I want you to move"—I could tell that just from looking in her eyes and started pumping my hips while I held her tight.
Asahi: "Ahh... ahh♪ Yes... just like that... ahh, ah#... Haruto... when you're holding me like this and our skin is close, your feelings come into me...♪"
Haruto: "Gh... You're so wet... and so tight, too..."
Asahi: "I can't help it... I just love you so much... My whole body gets excited because I love you... Nnh, more, feel me more...!"
Splash, splash—the sound of our groins hitting together was more like jumping in a puddle than having sex.
Fluids splashed and stained the sheets. They were wetter than sweat-stained sheets in the summer, and I could tell that our bodies were both getting serious.
Asahi: "Aaahn, ah, aahn, it's so hard...♪ If you get too big, you'll take my vagina away with you...♪"
I continued to taste her without rest. We spent an irreplaceable time together that made me think, {I'm only alive for this moment}.
Asahi: "Hgh, ah... ah... mmmmmgh! Nnnh...! Ugh...!"
Every time Asahi had a small orgasm, I'd relax my hips and watch her cute face.
She closed her eyes tight and twitched as if trying to endure the pleasure. I couldn't get enough of watching her try not to let me know she was orgasming.
Asahi: "I'm sorry... I'm really sensitive right now... so even if I try to endure them, the little ones keep coming... I can't stop twitching and feeling good...!"
Haruto: "I can tell... you get really tight inside, so I thought that's what was happening."
Asahi: "Oh, Haruto...! No staring! Ugh#...! You're terrible!"
Haruto: "Sorry, sorry. Don't be mad."
I reached out soothingly to the pink tips of her breasts. Her ripening fruits fit perfectly in my hands.
Asahi: "Nnh... mh, Haruto... hamh, you always look so happy when you're touching my breasts... They're not that big, so why do you like them so much...?"
Squish, squish.
They {are} small, but their feel is amazing.
And most of all... they just look delicious.
Haruto: "Well, big ones do have a certain appeal, but this feels good for you, right, Asahi?"
Asahi: "Hahh... ahh#♪ Your palm feels good against them...♪ It's like your dick... It feels good when you're gentle...♪"
Haruto: "You're more sensitive than I am. You make such cute sounds when I touch them, so I just want to do it."
Asahi: "Hahh, haahh#♪ Listen to my embarrassing voice, then...♪"
Asahi: "It feels good straight away when you touch my breasts or vagina, and I make a lot of dirty noises... I only want you to hear them...♪"
I carefully loved her soft, flushed skin, feeling her body heat.
Asahi: "I'm sorry... you were waiting to move... nnh♪ But I love your dick so much my vagina can't help nibbling at it...♪"
Haruto: "Yeah... you're helping me on the inside the whole time, so it's felt plenty good for me."
Asahi: "You can be rough if you want... you don't need to hurry, I'll cum when you do... just move however you want and love my vagina...♪"
Haruto: "Got it... tell me if it hurts, okay?"
I leaned over her so that I could get deeper inside and started pistoning.
Asahi: "Nh, ahh?! You're getting serious... I'll be fine, so move, Haruto!"
—Ram, slap slap, thwap thwap!
Asahi: "Hyaaah, ah, mmh, so deep! Mmgh, amazing! You're reaching so deep, where I really want it! It's feeling better and better!"
Asahi: "Haahh, ah, ah, aahn♪ It feels great—mmh! More, more, deeper, where I want it, tease me...!"
My vision clouded. My thoughts grew fuzzy and melted away.
Haruto: "Asahi... I've been wanting to cum for so long, I..."
Asahi: "Mm, I'll swallow it all, all of your dirty semen, deep in my womb, let me feel you in my deepest place...!"
Haruto: "...Asahi... Asahi, I'm so glad... that I met you...!"
Asahi: "Me too, Haruto, aah, I can tell, this is going to feel better than it ever has before...! If you cum now, I'll break into pieces...!"
Haruto: "It'll be okay...!"
I embraced Asahi, grabbing her wrists. I pulled her to me tight so that she wouldn't go off to the Land of Dreams on her own.
Asahi: "Haahh#♪ It's going to be okay... I know you'll hold me until you've let it all out inside me... Now I'm too relaxed, I can't, hold on...♪"
Asahi: "Haruto, Haruto, ah, ah, mh, mh, aahn, Harutooo, I'm sorry if I'm too loud, but let's cum together... I want us to cum together...♪"
Haruto: "Kh—let's do it, Asahi!"
Asahi: "Nnh, yes, this is it, ah... It's feeling better... mh, ah, ah, ah, ah! Aah! I'm cumming—aaaaaahn!"
—Spuuurt! Spurt, spurt, spuuuuuurt#!
Asahi: "Nnaaaaahh#♪ Haah, haaaaaAAaaAAAaaahn♪"
Haruto: "Ah... Ahh#...... Asahi... that was..."
I felt a shock like I'd been struck the moment the numbing pleasure of climax raced through me, and I let it do as it would.
Asahi: "Mmh, mm... ahh... hahh......♪ NNgh, ahhh#♪ ###♪ Haaaaaahh......♪"
Asahi's orgasm caused her walls to squeeze against me and coax even more cum from me—it was a carnal spiral in which the more semen I released, the more she climaxed.
Asahi: "I'm full of... thick semen... it's spilling out... but you're still jumping inside me... telling me to drink more..."
Haruto: "Ugh... You're... aaah, squeezing more out of me...!"
In the end, we both used up all our strength and ended up falling onto each other, completely covered in fluids.
Asahi: "Ahhh...♪ I can't swallow any more... It won't all fit... My stomach will pop out...♪"
Asahi gave a satisfied smile, rubbing her slightly bulging stomach as if it were a crystallization of our love.
Asahi: "That was... amazing... I... went flying...♪"
I pulled my penis out and a long line of sticky cum came with it, dirtying the underwear in no time.
Asahi: "Ahn...♪ I miss it already... whew...... ah, is this ruined now...?"
Haruto: "I think you can wear it again if you wash it?"
Asahi: "Mm...... I don't think I will. This is a cursed item that controls people's will."
Haruto: "Y-Yeah... well, uhh... yeah."
If we actually gave this to Riku-chan as a present...... and she found out about this, I think she'd do something that would make me unable to eat omelet rice ever again.
Asahi: "Let's go shopping for another present. We'll pick something to give to Atorin together."
Haruto: "Yeah. Oh, we could stop by the store where you bought these undies too, though..."
Asahi: "...Degenerate."
Seeing through my frivolous schemes, Asahi blushed as red as she had been during the act.
And several days passed until it was finally the last day Riku-chan would attend the Academy.
After classes, the three of us gathered at my house.
Haruto: "Well then, we've gathered everyone here for the 'Stay Well! Atori Riku-chan Farewell Ceremony.'"
Haruto: "Let's enjoy this farewell party... well, there's only three of us, but—"
Riku: "Excuse me, wait one second."
Riku: "Why are there three people at my farewell party?"
Asahi: "Without you it's two."
Haruto: "Well, it's just supposed to be a gathering of the people closest to you."
Riku: "I suppose I don't really mind, since I'm not fond of crowds."
Haruto: "Let's get started, then. Eat up, don't be shy!"
All the food I'd cooked for Riku-chan was on the table.
Riku: "Did you grill this yakitori yourself?"
Haruto: "Yep, I prepared it all and grilled it over charcoal."
Riku: "You didn't have to go to that much trouble."
Haruto: "Well, this is the last time... The last time the three of us will eat together... ugh..."
Asahi: "S-Stop, Haruto, you promised you wouldn't cry... ugh..."
Haruto: "You did too... uuugh..."
Asahi: "But... uuugh..."
Riku: "...I think this might be the right time."
Haruto: "R-Right! We got you a present, Riku-chan. It's ready, right?"
Riku: "A present?"
I signaled for Asahi to get the present out to clear up our gloomy mood.
Asahi: "We picked this out for you, Atorin. Please accept it."
She took out a wrapped rectangular object. A ribbon signified its status as a present. Asahi had picked it out.
Riku: "...May I open it?"
We nodded and Riku-chan undid the present's ribbon.
What emerged from inside was a diary with a cute design.
Riku: "This is...?"
Asahi: "I want you to write down the world you see after being reborn."
Asahi: "And when the three of us are together again one day, tell us what you remember. Tell us about the world you saw."
Riku: "Asahi-san..."
Asahi: "I'll write down what I see too, of course. The next time we meet, we should show our diaries to each other♪"
Riku: "......"
Wiping her tears away, Asahi gave Riku-chan a blinding smile.
The smile was as bright as the sun, a perfect way to celebrate a person important to you going off on a journey.
Haruto: "Okay, let's eat! There's plenty of food, so don't be shy!"
I can't show her how sad I am either. We have to smile until the end.
Riku: "I'm very grateful for your feelings. They really hit home."
Haruto: "No, don't mention it. It's only natural, since you're our precious partner."
Riku: "...There's something I need to say to you two. Will you listen...?"
Riku-chan's face was solemn.
She didn't need to say goodbye. Words of farewell weren't necessary between us. And frankly, I didn't want to hear them.
But if she's thought about this and decided what she wants to say, we have no right to interfere.
No matter how lonely or sad it makes me feel, I have to listen properly—
Riku: "What I said about leaving the Academy to study abroad..."
Haruto: "...Mhm."
Riku: "Actually, that was a lie?"
Asahi: "...Mhm."
Pair: "Hm?!"
"Hm?!"
Riku: "No, really, it was a lie."
Haruto: "......"
Asahi: "......"
Riku: "......"
Riku: "I liiied!"
Haruto: "Wait?! Your tone of voice isn't what matters!"
No way! She made all that up...?!
Haruto: "Huh? Huh? What do you mean?! You're not studying abroad?!"
Riku: "Correct, I'm not. It was 100% made-up."
Haruto: "Wh-Why would you lie about that...?!"
Riku: "I'll apologize for lying. But I thought if didn't do this, your relationship would never progress."
Haruto: "Our relationship...?"
Riku: "I enjoy the relationship the three of us have, but as someone who's trying to support you two, I can't help but be frustrated."
Riku: "I wanted to put some distance between us for a short while to see if you would take things further."
Haruto: "Further...?"
Asahi and I exchanged dumbfounded looks.
The memory of our love came to the forefront of our minds at about the same time
Riku: "By the looks of it, perhaps it did have some effect."
Haruto: "Wh-What do you mean...?!"
Riku: "You can't fool me. Unlike mine, your lies are easy to see through—"
Passing in front of my flustered self, Asahi embraced Riku-chan.
Asahi: "...You're really not leaving, Atorin...?"
Riku: "...Yes. I hope you'll accept my apologies for lying to you."
Asahi: "I don't like lies no matter the reason they were told... Can you promise this will be the last one...?"
Riku: "Yes, I promise. I'm sorry... Are you angry?"
Riku-chan gently stroked Asahi's hair. They certainly didn't look like a liar and the person she'd deceived.
Asahi: "No, I'm not angry anymore. I'm more happy than angry."
Asahi: "I'm so glad... so you really didn't want to be apart from us on the inside."
No matter how much you care for other people, you can't deceive your own heart. You'll be hurt. But bearing that pain may be what true kindness is.
Riku: "Well, now that I've revealed my scheme, why don't we eat? When you've made all this food, it would be a waste to let it get cold."
Haruto: "Okay, let's change the name and celebrate the 'Hooray! Atori Riku-chan Victory Ceremony' instead!"
Asahi: "Yeah! You have to celebrate happy endings♪"
Riku: "Victory? It's not as if I've won anything."
Haruto: "Don't worry about the details. Come on, let's eat."
Riku: "You're right. Oh, but before that, since I've got this new diary and all, why don't I write down what happened today?"
Riku-chan opened up her brand-new diary.
Riku: "Hm? Something fell out."
Something fell from between the pages of the diary. She picked up an object that was familiar to me.
Riku: "Underwear? Why was this in here?"
Riku: "And they're pervy! Why is there a hole in the most important place?"
Haruto: "W-Well, I thought maybe they'd suit you... Th-They're a present?"
Riku: "I get the feeling you just said something extremely rude to me, but I'll let that slide. More importantly, if they're a present, why aren't they wrapped?"
Riku: "And... snf snf... They smell like detergent. If they've been washed, does that mean they've been used?"
Riku-chan's eyes pointed my way for an explanation.
Asahi: "...Well, Haruto said to try them on..."
Haruto: "A-Asahi-saaan?!"
Lying is bad. Asahi is right. That's part of what I love about Asahi.
That won't change even if the enmity in the eyes looking my way increased by a factor of five.
Haruto: "Gh... Well, what do you want from me! If you have Asahi and pervy underwear in front of you, wouldn't you want her to wear them?! Don't you think so?!"
Riku: "Now he's acting like we're the bad guys. Could he make this any worse for himself?"
Riku-chan sidled up to me, looking absolutely astounded.
Haruto: "Wh-What...?!"
Riku: "If you have Haruto-san and pervy underwear in front of you, you'd want him to wear them, wouldn't you?"
Haruto: "W— I don't think that follows!"
Riku: "No running now. Help me undress him, Asahi-san."
Asahi: "R-Roger!"
Haruto: "S-Stop stop stop!"
Haruto: "Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek!!"
Thus the curtains closed on that little episode.
Though I'm sure it's just one step on what will be a long road.
The path on which I'll live my life extends far past this point.
There are no markers, and it isn't paved for easy travel.
I may find myself suddenly halted by trials in my path forward. But still—
There's a bright light shining in the direction I'm moving.
A light that rivals the sun illuminates my way.
Asahi: "Hurry up, Haruto! We'll be late!"
Haruto: "W-Wait! I can't run that fast!"
Asahi: "That's why you should have gotten up earlier!"
Haruto: "There's just nothing I can do to beat my sleepiness in the morning..."
Asahi: "Well, your dad told me to look after you."
Asahi: "He'll be mad if you're late. And then we might not be able to be together anymore!"
Haruto: "Well, we can't have that! Let's run! Ruuun!"
Asahi: "Aah?! H-Haruto?!"
A typical day. An ordinary life.
People are rarely blessed with extraordinary luck. Everyone lives their typical lives in a typical manner.
Haruto: "W-Wait! I told you I can't run that fast!"
Asahi: "I got it! Haruto Mach 5, go go♪"
I'm sure some people feel the world is bland and boring. There are plenty of people searching for paradise, too.
But what's important is changing your viewpoint. Depending on how you look at it, the same path could be a desert or a verdant field. You yourself can change how it looks.
As long as you have the color to paint it, the future can be full of hope.
I've found that color.
A color only for me—the only one in the world.
Haruto: "Come to think of it, I had a dream last night."
Asahi: "A dream? What about?"
Haruto: "I was walking while holding hands with you. Just walking. There was nothing special about it."
Haruto: "But I was really happy. It made me want to stay like that forever."
Asahi: "Are you just making an excuse for why you slept in?"
Haruto: "You figured it out? I really did have that dream, though. I wanted it to last a little longer..."
Asahi: "You don't need to dream about that."
Asahi: "After all—"
She said it as if it were completely natural, and there was an unshakable persuasiveness to Asahi's smile.
Yeah, she's right—I don't need dreams anymore.
Asahi: "This is the Land of Dreams we made it to♪"
There's a light shining where our path extends to.
If we believe in ourselves and take off running, I'm sure there will be another light down the way.
I think that's the only guide we have to the Land of Dreams.
